<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>AN</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>AN</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">So, um, there is no easy way to say this.<br/>
<br/>
OHA(P)M may be going on Indefinite Hiatus. Not because I want to, I love this story and want to continue writing it as soon as it becomes tenable, but because all of my stories may be going on Indefinite Hiatus.<br/>
<br/>
I don't want to go into details, because it's personal and frankly (and sorry for the rudeness) none of your business, but I may be in a state of being incapable of writing soon. I'll work and write until it <i>becomes</i> untenable, but there is the very real possibility I will have restricted, if any, access to anything electronic for a-<br/>
<br/>
Ah, fuck it, I'm not one for beating around the bush. I might be hospitalized/institutionalized for a bit, and that obviously means restricted access to electronics. I don't want that to happen, and I will do everything in my power to avoid it, but depending on what my psychiatrist decides the decision may be out of my hands. My mental health comes first, and if he decides that institutionalization is in my best interest, I'm gonna trust him.<br/>
<br/>
So yeah, I can't promise anything. I don't know what my future holds.</div>
  </body>
</html>