<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 5</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 5</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">Alright, so, I lied. Next chapter will likely be either a flashback to Gardy arriving in Alola or the continuation of this battle, depending on what people want.<br/>
<br/>
---<br/>
<br/>
Uraraka Ochako rushed down the hall, quickly preparing a breakfast of warm oatmeal and sitting on the couch, turning on the tv and flicking to the sports channel that was showing.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>And welcome, to the first Alola Pokemon League challenge,</i>" Undou Taiiku, a tall man who once played basketball at the I-Island League said, a broad smile on his face, "<i>With me today are two people very famous people on this side of Ultra-Space, Champions Lance of the Kanto Region, and Leon of the Galar Region, both of whom have taken a long journey to be here!"<br/>
<br/>
"Tell me about it!</i>" Leon laughed in heavily accented Japanese, "<i>Seventeen hours on the plane gets boring, even when you have the entire collection of Director Kublock to keep you busy.<br/>
<br/>
"Did you fly privately, or did you take a commercial, if you don't mind me asking, Leon? I know you like to do that sometimes,"</i> Lance said, "<i>and I can't say how good it is to see you again. I thought I'd be flying to Galar before I did!"<br/>
<br/>
"Commercially. And how could I miss such a champion time, Lance?</i>" Leon said, <i>"I'm honestly surprised more champions aren't here, today might be the day we welcome someone into our ranks!"<br/>
<br/>
"Cynthia should be here, I wonder if something actually happened in Sinnoh for her to be this late- ah, that must be a message from her now,</i>" Lance checked his phone, <i>"She decided to stop by the Elite Four, see how they're feeling. This is big for them just as much as our competitor, I suppose. She says she'll be here soon."<br/>
<br/>
"I feel a bit bad for them, honestly,</i>" Leon said, <i>"They're all arguably worthy of the title of Champion themselves, but they chose to settle for Elite Four."<br/>
<br/>
"Not everyone wants the extra responsibilities of being Champion. Look at Red, Blue and Gold, they all beat me, but they let me be the Indigo League Champion. Anyways, the first match should be starting soon, so shall we go over the competitor and his Pokemon?"</i><br/>
<br/>
"Like people don't know, am I right?" Her dad asked, sitting down next to her and swirling a cup of coffee, "they've been marketing it for the last week. At least you haven't quieted down about it, Ochako."<br/>
<br/>
"It's exciting," Ochako defended, hugging her Minior plush.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>That's right, we're here to watch Midoriya Izuku, a name I don't think anyone needs introduction to on <b>our</b> side of Ultra-Space, since he's the one who allowed us to make contact in the first place, take on the Elite Four and try to stake his claim as Alola's first champion! And with him, his team. Let's go over them, shall we, gentlemen?"<br/>
<br/>
"It's an eclectic mix, I'd say,</i>" Lance said, as six pokemon appeared on screen, "<i>He's definitely taking the Red-Leon style approach, if you'll forgive me for appropriating your name. A couple of strengths, but a few glaring weaknesses."<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blanket the Tyranitar <br/>
Pikakyu the Mimikyu<br/>
Gardy the Gardevoir <br/>
Mighty Chop the Machop<br/>
Dudette the Graveler<br/>
Mea the Marowak</b><br/>
<br/>
"Ground, Ghost, Steel and Water will give him a rough time, while Poison and Fire types will be his strengths,"</i> Leon agreed, "<i>And I'm not sure he'll be able to take advantage of those strengths, while one of the Elite Four will be able to punish his weakness to Ghost Types pretty heavily. To cover them, we have Kahuna Hala the Fighting Type specialist, Kahuna Olivia the Rock Type Specialist-<br/>
<br/>
"-former Trial Captain Acerola, a Ghost Type Specialist,"</i> a new, female voice joined in and on the screen a blond haired woman with her hair over one eye spoke, settling into a chair next to Lance, <i>"and Kahili, a friend of mine and a Flying Type Specialist. The League follows the standard where the challenger chooses which of the four to fight, with an agreed on 15 minute break between each match to patch up any injuries, but no Pokemon Center visits until after the Four have been beaten."<br/>
<br/>
"Hello, Cynthia,"</i> Lance nodded, <i>"Also worth noting is that Olivia is actually, according to our notes, a mentor to Midoriya. Has he picked his first opponent?"<br/>
<br/>
"Hala,"</i> Leon said, <i>"Makes sense, if I had anyone I was confident against with Izuku's team, it would be him. Let's switch cameras down to the arena, shall we?</i>"<br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
Izuku swallowed, sweat already wetting his brow even as Hau clapped a hand on his shoulder, Lillie and Gladion behind them, Lillie's bag full of medical supplies and Gladion just… standing there, "How are you feeling, cousin?"<br/>
<br/>
"Like I'm gonna puke," Izuku said seriously as he waited for the call to the arena, "How am I supposed to do this Hau?"<br/>
<br/>
"Izuku," Izuku's eyes flickered over to Gladion, "You saved our mother, you can do this. Go show them why you deserve to be Champion."<br/>
<br/>
"You got this," Hau agreed as the door opened, "See you on the other side, Cousin."<br/>
<br/>
"See you on the other side," Izuku said, clapping hands with Hau and walking through the door.<br/>
<br/>
Stepping out of the hallway and into the arena, Izuku felt his pulse speed up with the roar of the crowd in his ear, Pikakyu tightening her grip on his hair as they did. They could do this, they would do this. If he wanted to be a hero, the first step was becoming Alola's Champion.<br/>
<br/>
Across from him, Kahuna Hala stepped onto bis part of the stadium, looking over Izuku with a grandfatherly smile on his face, "Young Izuku, are you ready?"<br/>
<br/>
"As I'll ever be," Izuku said, hand brushing over the six PokeBalls on his hip. Ready, steady, <br/>
<br/>
Go.<br/>
<br/>
"Go, Mea!"<br/>
<br/>
"Poliwrath, go!" <br/>
<br/>
Shoot. Mea was at a disadvantage here!<br/>
<br/>
<i>Izuku!<br/>
<br/>
I know, I know!</i><br/>
<br/>
"Waterfall!" Hala called as Izuku snapped up the Luxury Ball, calling back Mea and throwing another ball with his other hand.<br/>
<br/>
<i>Gardy, Teleport, then Ice Punch!</i><br/>
<br/>
Gardy appeared in a flash of red energy, before immediately vanishing in a swirl of pink as the waterfall charge crashed into the barrier around the field. Gardy reappeared behind Poliwrath, pink eyes flashing as she plummeted and drove her fist into the waterfall, freezing it solid.<br/>
<br/>
<i>Psychic, then, Psycho Cut,</i> Izuku ordered, the noises from the crowd dying as everything became the battle around him. A pink aura surrounded Poliwrath, before it was ripped from the ice and thrown high into the air. Gardy placed her hands together before pulling them apart, a pink blade forming in her hand before she swept it upwards. A pink slash came flying from the blade and struck Poliwrath, leaving a red mark across its skin.<br/>
<br/>
"Now, Liquidation into Submission!" Hala ordered, and suddenly water exploded out of Poliwrath's hands and feet, sending it flying towards Gardy and catching her square in the chest. Wrapping both arms around her, it span them both into a wheel before sending them crashing into the ground so hard they skipped away from each other.<br/>
<br/>
<i>Are you alright? Do you need a potion?<br/>
<br/>
I'm fine, I'm fine,</i> Gardy staggered upwards as Hala stared at them with his arms crossed.<br/>
<br/>
"I see young Gardevoir found a way to fight the way she desired despite Evolution keeping her from becoming a Galade," Hala said, before cracking a smile, "Good. Never let anything keep you from achieving your dreams!"<br/>
<br/>
<i><a class="link link--external" href="https://youtu.be/8mByDcrNSV0" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">As</a> Sir Wikstrom of the Kalos Elite Four says, "only you can decide to abandon the honor to be a knight",</i> Gardy bared another sword made of psychic power, <i>I am Gardy, proud knight and courtier of Tapu Lele, guardian of Izuku Midoriya, and I will not-</i><br/>
<br/>
<i>Teleport!</i> Izuku ordered as he noticed water begin to build around Poliwrath.<br/>
<br/>
"Waterfall! Liquidation!"<br/>
<br/>
Gardy barely teleported out of the way of the combination of water type attacks.<br/>
<br/>
<i>Psybeam!</i> the beam of Psychic energy hit into the Poliwrath from behind, knocking it out even as Gardy held one arm close to her side, <i>Are you alright-?<br/>
<br/>
Fine, I'm fine. I can keep fighting.</i><br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
Ochako leaned in, watching the Pokemon stagger upwards and shake off the dizziness, even as it hugged its side slightly. The camera showed pink eyes meet green as the "Poliwrath" was pulled back into its pokeball and Hala pulled out another one.<br/>
<br/>
"Are you watching that bloodsport?" Her mother clucked.<br/>
<br/>
"It's not a bloodsport," Ochako defended, and a second later her dad joined in, walking over with snacks.<br/>
<br/>
"It's not any worse than the UA Sports Fest, dear. Yes, the Pokemon get hurt, but they get patched up just fine afterwards."<br/>
<br/>
"I still don't like it, it's like dogfighting," her Mom said, even as she settled down next to them.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>Is he not recalling her?</i>" Leon asked, "<i>Not even for a quick patch job?</i><br/>
<br/>
"<i>Bad move</i>," Lance said, "<i>She has the Type Advantage, yes, but as those injuries show, a good trainer can get around that. And Elite Four members are, by definition, good trainers.</i><br/>
<br/>
"<i>Don't be so hard, we don't know what's going through their heads right now,</i>" Cynthia said, "<i> It's like trying to judge what Red's doing at any particular moment in time.</i><br/>
<br/>
"<i>True, whatever conversation they're having, we're not tuned into it</i>," Leon said, "<i> That's the problem with Psychics and Psychic types, innit?<br/>
<br/>
"He should still be pushing her to take a break, even if it's just, as you said, a patch job. I've taken Submissions from Bruno's Pokemon before, she has to be hurting."</i><br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
Gardy hid the wince at the pain in her arm, aware that if she showed any sign of weakness now, at this moment, Izuku would call her back. She didn't want to be called back, she wanted to keep on fighting, show the world that she was the best knight in Alola.<br/>
<br/>
Ok, so she was the only knight in Alola as far as she knew, it wasn't like there were hundreds hounding for that position, but that was beside the point.<br/>
<br/>
"Primeape, come on out!" Hala called, and out of the PokeBall came a mass of rage and violence in the shape of a furry ape. Muscles bulged as It lowered itself and-<br/>
<br/>
<b> Crush, Maim, Kill, Break, Shatter, Destroy-</b><br/>
<br/>
"Rage Fist!" Hala called, and suddenly Primeape was in Gardy's guard, a fist covered in purple flames smashing into her chest and sending her flying backwards faster than she could blink.<br/>
<br/>
There was no warning, no psychic pulse beyond the constant, overwhelming desire to inflict harm on her. <br/>
<br/>
<i>Psycho Cut-</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Crush, Maim, Kill-</b><br/>
<br/>
Gardy created a second blade of psychic power as Primeape appeared in her guard again, dodging a second Rage Fist and launching a slash, only for it to miss in turn.<br/>
<br/>
"Keep using Rage Fist!" Hala said, and Gardy was left backpedaling from the rapid Ghost-Type punches.<br/>
<br/>
<i>Teleport, then Psybeam!</i><br/>
<br/>
Gardy vanished from the spo-<br/>
<br/>
"Pursuit!"<br/>
<br/>
Damnation.<br/>
<br/>
Space warped, and suddenly she was being chokeslammed into the ground by the enraged Primeape.<br/>
<br/>
"Now, finish this-"<br/>
<br/>
"Gardy! Psychic on Primeape!" Izuku ordered with something resembling desperation in his voice. Gardy grabbed the Pokemon and threw it away as fast as she could.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn't fast enough.<br/>
<br/>
"Rage Fist!"<br/>
<br/>
An explosion of purple grey flames covered her, and she struggled to stay awake long enough to slam Primeape into the ground. Once he was there, she tipped over backwards and blacked out.<br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
Ochako watched the beautiful green pokemon crumple gracefully, gripping her Dad's hand like a lifeline as Izuku raised as black and gold PokeBall and called it back. He pressed it to his lips gently, mumbling something the cameras couldn't pick up and then he looked up, saying something in Alolan. The Pokemon in his hair, Pikakyu, lifted up gently and landed on the ground in the arena, staring at where the badly battered monkey was rising and burning with anger.<br/>
<br/>
<i>"See, that's what I was talking about, most Elite Four level trainers keep a silver bullet for Types that should have the advantage. I'd focus on evolving Primeape into an Annihilape going forwards,</i>" Lance said, "<i>Have a real silver bullet against psychic types.</i><br/>
<br/>
<i>"Yeah, but it's gonna feel the hurt now, I betcha,</i> Leon said, <i>"Because it just took a decent pummeling and Hala doesn't seem to be recalling it either.</i>"<br/>
<br/>
"<i>True,</i>" Leon nodded, "<i>Thoughts, Cynthia?</i>"<br/>
<br/>
"<i>I'm honestly surprised Izuku didn't start with- oh. Check the notes on Pikakyu,</i>" Cynthia said.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>Oh,</i> all three of the other commentators said.<br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
Pikakyu's growled, a loud, clicking noise as she left Izuku's head and landed on the ground in the arena, staring down the Primeape eyes glowing red.<br/>
<br/>
"Play Rough," Izuku said, and Pikakyu exploded into motion, rushing towards the other pokemon in an explosion of speed. Pink energy gathered around two of her arms and she began to absolutely pummel the <i>hell</i> out of Primeape faster than it could respond.<br/>
<br/>
How dare it hurt one of her friends, her family!?<br/>
<br/>
"Rage Fist!" Pikakyu twisted around the punch, her smaller frame letting her twist around the attack.<br/>
<br/>
"Keep Playing Rough!" Izuku called, and Pikakyu did exactly that, continuing thrashing the other Pokemon until it finally collapsed, letting it drop on the ground and staring at Hala.<br/>
<br/>
Send out another, let them see how good a Pokemon she was. Gardy had given it her all, it was only fair that she do the same.[/I]</div>
  </body>
</html>