<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 7</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 7</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>With all the weird stuff going on, I didn't quite appreciate how beautiful the place looks in fall. The leaves on the trees are either turning bright yellow or red, the heat's died down and the forest nearby looks as pretty as a postcard. The water is still and looks like glass.<p>Doesn't mean I'm going in the forest anytime soon. <em>Its </em>back. That fucking fox. I caught a glimpse of it when we were practicing treating combat injuries. Pentagon really seems to think things in the Pacific are gonna pop off. We were outside after setting up a makeshift field hospital while marines wearing makeup that resembled bullet and shrapnel wounds were on tarps. The screaming did add a touch of realism, not gonna lie. The fox was looking at us from high up in a tree and dashing out of sight when ever I was looking at it for too long.</p><p>Our efforts to communicate with the ghost children have reached a bit of a breakthrough. Trevor, one of the guys in my bunk room, got the idea of getting some translation software of higher quality than Google Translate. After a quick game of charades, Esumi and Shojiro figured out that what we type comes out as Japanese and that we're going to look up what they respond with. We needed to make it worth their while though, so we got a few more toys from a store in town in order to ease negotiations.</p><p>I just hope the people running it don't think we're up to anything unsavory. I swear I could've seen the cashier raise her eyebrow. I could've imagined it though. We put the toys on the floor in front of Sojiro and Esumi before Vargas said in stilted Japanese 'we have questions.' The two looked at each other, then the toys, then nodded. So far so good. Trevor got his laptop out and booted up the program.</p><p>"Start with something simple," I told him. He soon turned the computer over to the two ghost kids with the caption 'like this place?' They both nodded and smiled. Ok, didn't need much to understand that reply. He typed another question onto the screen.</p><p>"From near here?" Again, nodding, but the smiles shrank a bit.</p><p>"Like Tokyo now?" The kids looked a bit confused so Trevor rephrased it to 'do you like how Tokyo is now?' He also pulled up a few images of Tokyo as it was now during the day and at night. They seemed to understand the question now. Esumi replied with a quiet 'hai.' I rubbed my chin. They saw the city? Or did she just like the pictures? Maybe it's not a good idea to ask where they can go.</p><p>"Have you seen other soldiers?" read a new caption. Trevor pointed at the Marine Corps symbol on his cap as well the flag patch on his arm. Shojiro responded with a 'yes' but he also said something it took Trevor a few seconds to unravel.</p><p>"Yes and no." He pursed his lips a bit and I saw him pulling up images of soldiers in beige uniforms with bolt action rifles and green helmets with a yellow star on them. I'd seen soldiers like that before, in movies when I was a kid and in a few books I read at boot camp about the USMCs history.</p><p>Imperial Japanese Army. The kids looked at the picture and slowly nodded. Holy shit. They were alive when World War II was going on. Sojiro said something again which Trevor slowly translated.</p><p>"They lived in the same neighborhood. Men started leaving. First in small groups. Then many." Esumi sniffled and said something else.</p><p>"Grown men and teenagers." Trevor said. "We were told that it was only a matter of time before Japan won. But so many didn't com back. Then the raids came. Night after night."</p><p>I wasn't an expert on the Pacific War but I was starting to get where this was going. My mind started scrambling for dates and places. One of them popped into my head. Saipan. If I remembered correctly, its capture meant that the Japanese Home Islands were within bombing range. The Japanese knew that and they made the Corps fight for every inch of the island. That was in 44 I think.</p><p>The rest of the people in the bunk room looked at each other uneasily. Shojiro kept taking while Trevor transcribed.</p><p>"They saw bodies in the streets. Smashed houses. Then one night all of Tokyo got lit on fire. Fires no one could put out. We couldn't find our parents. There was nowhere to run."</p><p>That hit like a punch in the gut. I had a good idea of what Shojiro was talking about. Incendiary bombs. Napalm.</p><p>"Bombs Away Lemay," said Lance Corporal Harcourt. "They lasted close to a year." The two of them started sobbing.</p><p>"Ask them something that'd make them happy," Vargas said to Trevor through clenched teeth.</p><p>"Like what?" he asked in exasperation. I had an idea and whispered something into his ear.</p><p>"You serious?"</p><p>"Yeah!" The two of them were full on crying at this point. Trevor frantically typed the words onto his computer and cleared his throat to get their attention.</p><p>"We're sorry if we brought up bad memories. Please forgive us. My friend has a question. Do you know anything about a strange fox that lives near here?" Shojiro saw the message first and quieted down. Esumi did the same and leaned closer to the screen. Trevor started typing an addition to the message.</p><p>"Weird tails." Esumi cocked her head and asked something.</p><p>"Who saw her?" Trevor read aloud. I pointed to myself. Then Esumi did something that caught us off guard. She crossed her arms, huffed, and her expression turned from one of sadness to one of disdain. She said something that even Shojiro seemed shocked to hear from her.</p><p>"Well?" I asked.</p><p>"She said 'stay away from that whore.'" My jaw dropped. Whore? What? Is she implying that the fox <em>slept </em>with somebody? No, scratch that, enough people that 'whore' was the word Esumi chose to describe it? I was starting to picture things I really didn't want to.</p><p>"Esumi!" Vargas spat out in shock. Her irritation soon gave way to confusion. Esumi looked at her in surprise. Vargas sounded like she was reprimanding the ghost girl.</p><p>Almost like an embarrassed parent. Vargas seemed to have picked up on this and even Esumi seemed to have caught on. Trevor swallowed and typed something else.</p><p>"Is it dangerous?" Esum said something else in reply.</p><p>"She's dangerous. A trickster. You haven't seen the real her yet. At best, the Kitsune will just make a fool of you. If she wants to, she'll rip you apart."</p><p>I felt like someone had pulled a rug out from under me. This thing was that dangerous? Just what was I running into? Just what was living near the base?</p><p>What was this thing that was spying on me?</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Oct 7, 2022 </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
