<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 14</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 14</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>Another mini update.<p>I've got good news and I've got bad news.</p><p>Good news, we've got someone who can talk to Aiko for us. Pretty shocked dit only took three days to get a translator. Bad news, we've got a better picture of how she thinks and it's quite frankly chilling.</p><p>No pun intended.</p><p>A translator from the JSDF, Junichi Mitsurugi, has moved in close to the officer's quarters. Seeing Aiko for the first time was an unsettling experience for him. Seeing a young woman walking barefoot in the snow wearing only a kimono without any ill effects was weird enough. Then she decided to show off her powers by spilling a bottle of water on the pavement and freezing it by standing in the puddle.</p><p>That was one way to show she was the real deal. But she could've done it in a less petty way if you ask me. We gathered in one of the barracks. Vargas was keeping an eye on Hanabi, who was playing with the ghost kids in ours.</p><p>"So," I said to Webber. "What's question number one?"</p><p>"What am I to you?" Webber asked. Aiko blinked when she got the translation.</p><p>"You're not nothing, it that's what you're afraid of," Junichi said slowly. "You gave me a jewel I will treasure over anything else I could possess. And for what it's worth, you've been a gentleman."</p><p>"Did you go looking for me?" Aiko said something to Junichi after he spoke to her.</p><p>"No. Hanabi wanted to see Tokyo and I brought her in. Finding you was a coincidence." Webber gave a soft 'hmm.'</p><p>"Did you have any other children before Hanabi?" Aiko shook her head once Junichi translated the question then smirked and said something that made Junichi turn a bit red.</p><p>"Well?" I asked.</p><p>"Your captain isn't the first to have slept with her but he was the first to get her pregnant." Webber rolled his eyes.</p><p>"Tell her I want to make something clear to her." Junichi nodded and told Aiko, who smiled slightly and leaned a bit closer to Webber.</p><p>"You might be my kid's mother, but you're not a captain just cause we're shacking up together. You don't have these." He pointed to the insignia on his collar. "You can't order anyone to do a damn thing."</p><p>After she got the translation, Aiko said something that made Junichi wince.</p><p>"What'd she say?" Webber asked.</p><p>"She asks why you think she needs the power that comes with your position. She is more than capable of getting what she wants on her own."</p><p>That made all of us go tense. She didn't care at all if he was captain, colonel or the commandant of the USMC. She knew what she could do. She didn't need to rely on proximity to power.</p><p>"And what you want?" Junichi repeated the question.</p><p>"To care for our daughter as best I can. If I am to stay with you, then so be it." Webber laughed.</p><p>"Does that make us married?" Aiko smirked after Junichi translated for her.</p><p>"If that will keep you happy." Ramsey whistled.</p><p>"Cap, your wife is a stone cold bitch."</p><p>"I know." Barrows raised a hand and smirked.</p><p>"Ask her how good the captain is in bed." Webber's eyes bulged and Junichi turned red. Aiko looked a bit confused but when our translator repeated the question, she giggled into her hand.</p><p>"Despite the cold, he performed admirably the first time we met," Junichi said slowly.</p><p>"Put Barrows on KP for the next week, Ramsey," Webber said.</p><p>"Yessir."</p><p>"Eh, it was worth it."</p><p>Aiko turned to me and raised an eyebrow.</p><p>"What?" I asked nervously. "What is it?" Aiko murmured something and then started to laugh.</p><p>"She says… something had gotten its claws into you. She can see it. A vixen of fang, claws, and guile."</p><p>Holy shit. She knows about…</p><p>"We will need to speak more tomorrow. I am… still processing all this."</p><p>"Sure," I said faintly. "Just tell me what time works for you."</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Monday at 11:22 PM </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
