<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 4</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>We got out of our bunks and made our way to the storage room. I think we had some expectation of what was on the other side of the door. We were gonna get some sort of proof that existence persisted after death. So much of what I felt I knew about the universe was about to be flipped on its head and slapped silly.<p>That being said, I was still stunned by what we saw.</p><p>There was just two. Two semi transparent kids staring at us once the light came on. The first was a boy in black pants and a green sweater. The girl had a dark blue kimono and a large red bow with shoulder length black hair. They both looked to be about eight years old, if I had to guess. What was just as jarring as the fact they were see-through was the burn marks. The boy looked like he had these deep red tattoos on his arms and some of his sweater looked charred. The girl had this patch on the right side of her face that looked like one big scar while the right side of her bow was blackened. She had the paddleball.</p><p>It didn't take a genius to figure out how they ended up ghosts. I slowly waved my hand and made an awkward smile.</p><p>"Uhh, konichiwa?"</p><p>They stared at us and I'm not quite sure how, but they looked like they were hyperventilating. It was almost as if they were about to start bawling for their mom. Well, I didn't see a 'fully grown' ghost but they rose up unto the ceiling before we fully knew what'd happened.</p><p>I was pretty weirded out but also a bit sad. I don't think they would've been able to hurt us even if they wanted to. They were just happy to play with what we got them before we stormed in.</p><p>We didn't see them for the rest of the night and trying not to think about them was pretty difficult while getting all of our tasks done. I was watching Netflix on my laptop in the bunk room that night while Corporal Myers was playing music on a bluetooth speaker to relax. Synth I think. She had just been part of a team that'd done a complete deep clean of the armory to make sure that summer in the Pacific wasn't messing with all the fancy shooty things we had to keep an eye on. She was pretty wiped.</p><p>Would you like to take a guess what I saw coming through the door when I looked up? As in, right through the door?</p><p>That's right, those two pint sized phantoms. I saw those two slowly leaning through the closed door and looking around like they'd lost something. The boy looked at me and froze for a second while his… sister? Friend? Whatever she was, she was staring at Myer's bluetooth speaker. Markley saw them and fell out of bunk, alerting everyone else to what was going on including Myers. She let out a loud 'oh shit' and fell out of her chair, prompting a shriek from the ghost girl who started… fussing over her.</p><p>That might sound weird but that's all I can say to describe it. She was fluttering around Myers like a mom checking to make sure her kid didn't have any bruises after a fall. That might've made Myer's panic worse to be honest, having a little ghost girl that close to her. Myers seemed to be on the verge of a total freakout but held it together long enough for the ghost girl to back off slightly. The transparent kids looked to the speaker and started hovering around that now.</p><p>Come to think it, this might've been the first time they'd seen anything like that. Myer's speaker only hit the market, what, six months ago? Myers noticed where they were looking and slowly backed away from the speaker. The ghost kids were looking at it wide eyed and I could hear them quietly talking to each other.</p><p>The boy seemed to be more interested in the speaker itself while the girl was just into the music. She was sort of bobbing along to the rhythm and smiling. It was weird but they didn't seem interested in causing any trouble. The song that was playing on the speaker ended and during the brief silence, the ghost kids looked a little confused. They perked up a bit when the next one came on. The tension in the room seemed to die down a bit and I went back to my show.</p><p>So long as nothing too unexpected happened, they might leave on their own after a while. It's cool. I can be patient.</p><p>Wondering what they might do if we went to dinner though.</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Sep 5, 2022 </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
