<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 12</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 12</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>We had Webber, the Yuki Onna and the kid in the rec room sitting in chairs with a group of other marines watching. The good captain was sitting next to the child with its mother sitting on the other side. We felt it would've been good for the kid of it was sitting between its parents. It was looking around the room wide eyed, not all that interested in the cup of milk we put in front of it. The Yuki Onna seemed to be completely still. She held a cup of fruit juice that she chilled somewhat when she took it from Vargas.<p>Webber, on the other hand, was looking at us like he was trying to figure out which of our organs he wanted to rip out first.</p><p>"Alright," said Ramsey. "Talk." Webber took a deep breath.</p><p>"I thought she was just a weird dream," he said. "I was doing a solo hiking trip up Fuji two years back. I got lost when I was on my way back and ran into her." He pointed to the Yuki Onna.</p><p>"And you two bumped uglies?" I asked.</p><p>"For lack of a better word, yes. I thought she was some weird hallucination but there's no forgetting her face."</p><p>"What's her name?" Vargas asked. Webber shrugged. I got my laptop and typed out the words 'what is your name?' I showed her the screen and she stared at it for a few seconds.</p><p>"Aiko," she said. Her voice was like water in a cold stream, clear and chilling. I gestured to the kid.</p><p>"Hanabi." Aiko replied. Ok, so Webber had a daughter. Vargas grinned and looked to Hanabi.</p><p>"Tou-san?" she made a lifting motion. Habani took a second to figure out what she was saying but the ice girl's eyes started shining and she looked at Webber.</p><p>"Tou-san!" she shouted. "Tou-san!" Vargas squealed.</p><p>"She's so cute."</p><p>"Sir," said Ramsey. "I think your daughter wants you to pick her up." Webber looked at him like he wanted to rip out Ramsey's tongue but still lifted the girl into his lap. Aiko covered her mouth and laughed a little. A marine named Barrows started to laugh too.</p><p>"And what is so funny, private?" Webber asked.</p><p>"I'm impressed, sir," Barrows replied, pointing at Aiko. "You got yourself some serious snussy."</p><p>I replayed that last word in my mind over and over again, trying desperately not to believe someone actually said that.</p><p>'Snussy.'</p><p>Everyone in the room who understood English looked at Barrows like he'd just confessed to taking a shit in the coffeepot. I'm fairly certain that even with all the weirdness of this particular situation, I don't think I'd be found guilty of murder if I drew my pistol and painted the wall with Barrows's brains.</p><p>But I think Aiko intended to beat us to the punch. She didn't understand exactly what he said but she could tell she was being laughed at. She practically flew out of her seat and had her hands on Barrows's neck. I could see ice sprouting from her fingers as she snarled. Even her teeth looked like icicles.</p><p>"Aiko!" Webber said loudly. He got behind her and put his free hand on her shoulder, holding Hanabi with the other. The snow woman slowly turned to him, seemingly stunned that he decided to interrupt her. She seemed to have gotten the message that he wanted her to stop but she didn't take her hands off Barrows's throat. I got the laptop and typed out a brief message for her.</p><p>"We will discipline him." Aiko looked at the screen for a moment and released her grip, sitting back in the chair while Barrows gasped for breath.</p><p>Vargas clapped her hands.</p><p>"So. How's about we get a futon for your room?" Webber stared at her.</p><p>"What?" Vargas asked. "I don't think Aiko and your little snow bunny will want to sleep on the floor or outside."</p><p>"Are you suggesting they move in with me?" Webber asked.</p><p>"I don't think they're that high maintenance so long as it isn't too hot," said Ramsey. "Plus, I think your girl wants to spend as much time with her dad as she can."</p><p>Webber looked at all of us.</p><p>"You're not going to leave me any choice, are you?" Most of us shook our heads.</p><p>"I'm going to remember this."</p><p>"So long as you remember to wear a condom next time, we'll be fine," I said. There was no way that little comment wasn't going to end up in my record but I didn't care.</p><p>"And as for you, marine," Webber told Barrows "I hear you say that word again and I'll let her freeze you solid. Understood?"</p><p>"Yessir," Barrows replied.</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Saturday at 11:14 PM </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
