<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 2</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>Well.<p>That was a fucking mistake.</p><p>I'm in med-bay right now with an orderly putting antiseptic on my face and arms. I've been here for most of the morning after getting my ass handed to me by a furry orange animal that doesn't even reach up to my ankles. That fox I went after really didn't want me going near it. I waved my hand it at a few times while trying to get it to run off when the thing just leapt at my face. Weirdest thing, I could've sworn it was smiling a little when it was digging its claws into my cheeks.</p><p>Also, I know that the water at USMC installations isn't the best, but I don't think whatever's in the water is enough to make a fox have the kind of birth defect I saw. At least, I think it's a birth defect. Either I was so tired I was seeing things or this fox had more than one tail. More than five now than I think of it. Could've just been me seeing things, to be honest. The damn thing was like greased lightening.</p><p>"So, am I gonna need some shots cause of this?" I asked the orderly. "Like, am I gonna need to get screened for rabies?"</p><p>"Given that you waved your hand it front of it and you didn't say anything about its mouth foaming, it doesn't seem likely but we can still test."</p><p>"Yeah, that might be for the best. I think it had some sort of deformity."</p><p>"Deformity?" the orderly asked.</p><p>"Yeah, something was up with its tail, looked split down the middle or something." I tensed a little.</p><p>"We don't have a Lejeune thing going on with the water do we?" The orderly just looked at me.</p><p>"Look, I'm not gonna get a virus cause that thing bit me right? Am I?"</p><p>"We'll draw some blood for tests, calm down."</p><p>I was let go not long after that, so I trudged over to the mess hall. I needed to get some grub in my stomach some fluids in me to replace what the fox and the orderly took from me. I sat down next to my squad mates after my tray was filled up.</p><p>"So how was your tour of our illustrious medical ward?" asked Lance Corporal Parker. He patted me on the shoulder.</p><p>"The staff could use a few lessons in bedside manner but they'll tell me if my tests show anything wrong."</p><p>"Yeah, you looked like a cat used you for a scratching post," said Private Wexley.</p><p>"It was a fox, if you must know," I said cutting some of my egg.</p><p>"Fox?" Parker asked.</p><p>"Yeah. Really nasty with a funny looking tail. The orderly didn't seem inclined to comment on it when I told him." Parker raised an eyebrow.</p><p>"Look, I'm just hoping I don't run into it again," I told him.</p><p>"That would be… preferable," I heard a someone say from behind me. I turned to see Lieutenant Perez staring me dead in the eye. He was sitting at the table behind ours.</p><p>"What do mean, sir?"</p><p>"I mean, keep to yourself, and things shouldn't go too badly for you while you're here."</p><p>"Sir, I don't understand."</p><p>"Look, my advice is to tune out the weird shit as best you can, and enjoy yourself."</p><p>That was the last thing Perez said to me before he went back to his food. I couldn't get his words out of my head. It was probably the only time I'd be able to speak to him before evening because apart from meals we were never really that near each other.</p><p>Tuning the stuff out, huh? Not quite sure how I'm gonna do that. Being able to just dive into my own head during training marches is a lot different from filtering out any genuinely weird stuff.</p><p>That being said, afternoon patrol has been a bit therapeutic for me in the past. I'm still trying to figure out what was the deal with that fox. Was it just, I dunno, a mutant or something? Whatever, Perez was right. All I can really hope for is not to see it ever again.</p><p>And that particular wish fell flat cause guess what's looking at me from behind a little moss covered Buddha statue. My furry 'friend' from last night. Except this time, I have my handy dandy sidearm. I pat my hip holster, making sure it sees exactly what I'm doing.</p><p>"I keep my distance if you keep yours." The fox just stares blankly and I'm about to turn left when… no. No fucking way.</p><p>No way did this thing just roll its eyes at me! It bounded into the shrubs before I could do anything.</p><p>I'm… I'm leaving it alone this time. I'm not gonna have that red furred psycho flip out on me again. I'm just gonna finish up my patrol and get whatever answers I can out of Perez.</p><p>It's so weird though. It didn't seem to be just mocking me, it seemed weirdly… annoyed. Like some girl in a bar who's heard a particular pickup line for the twentieth time and doesn't want to even use her energy on a groan.</p><p>OK, wow. I need a nice cold shower when I get back.</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Sep 5, 2022 </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
