<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 9</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 9</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>In a futile but admirable attempt at putting a little variety into the daily schedule, the base's overlords have decided to shake up the duty roster for patrol and guard duty. I'm with Lenny at the south gate directly facing the forest. I gotta say, I'm impressed. A lot of officers must've risked having aneurisms thinking up that one. Must've been very taxing.<p>It's starting to get dark earlier. Colder. In a few months, I'm gonna see my first Pacific winter. I guess the ones I experienced in the Midwest would make for good training. The afternoon sun made the sky look like it was painted this weird dark shade of gold. I could hear birds cawing as the flew over the trees.</p><p>I could also hear the sound of leaves being crunched.</p><p>For a moment, I didn't think much of it. Apart from the Kitsune, there were some garden variety animals like raccoons, foxes, even boar from what I heard.</p><p>But something seemed off. It didn't sound like something was walking on the ground. It sounded like hopping. That narrowed down the list of suspects quite a bit.</p><p>Lenny tensed up and pointed at something moving through a gap in the trees. I got my binoculars out and my jaw dropped.</p><p>It was an umbrella. An umbrella with a single large green eye and a hairy leg wearing a sandal in place of the handle. The name of this thing escaped me at the moment, but I knew what this thing was. It must have heard us murmuring because it turned to face us directly. After blinking a few times, the umbrella opened its mouth and a big red tongue seemed to uncoil itself. It panted like a dog that just noticed a big red ball.</p><p>And just like a dog that noticed a big red ball, it started moving towards Lenny and I. We went stiff, my hand lowering to my sidearm. Lenny didn't seem capable of putting together a complete sentence, just trying to say stuff but it fell apart just a few words in.</p><p>Then I had a weird idea. Right when it got about a foot away from us, I put my hand out, like a crossing guard telling some kids to wait for traffic to clear up. I made sure my palm was up so my body language clearly said 'halt.' And to my shock, it seemed to get the message. I took a deep breath, tried to imagine myself as an MP, and calmly said 'identification.' The umbrella thing didn't respond, just staring blankly at me.</p><p>"Identification," I repeated. Again, no response.</p><p>"You sure that's gonna work?" Lenny asked.</p><p>"I don't even know if shooting this thing's gonna do anything," I replied. "Just stay cool." The umbrella creature blinked but didn't move. It just stood there, panting. I tried to focus on looking as authoritative as possible instead the supposed biological impossibility of what was in front of me.</p><p>"If you can't identify yourself, you can't come in." I said sternly. "Do you understand?" The umbrella thing just blinked twice and before I could get out of the way, it licked me from my shirt to my chin. It felt like being licked by a big dog but with an outlandishly sized tongue.</p><p>Gross didn't even begin to describe it. I just stood there shivering while Lenny shouted at it to fuck off. I'm not sure if it understood his words or was paying much attention to his aggressive body language, but it hobbled off back into the woods, seemingly just as happy and dopy as always.</p><p>"I think it's gonna take a few cycles in the washing machine to get that out," Lenny said shakily.</p><p>"Think I should go to med bay first?" I asked.</p><p>"Better safe than sorry," Lenny replied.</p><p>During our somewhat tense walk back to barracks, a thought came to me. What's the highest level of command that knows about what's going on here? It has to be more than just the officers in charge of the base. Could stateside know about this? There had to have been reports being sent back about the paranormal stuff going on here.</p><p>Then I remember a name. Lejeune. With a sigh of frustration, it hits me. Stateside could know exactly what's going on and just be burying its head in the sand. If they're willing to keep a lid on a base having toxic water for sixty years, they'd do everything they could to avoid acknowledging what's going on here. Even if they wanted to, what could they really do? Slap a section 8 on anyone who tries going to the press about it?</p><p>Then it hits me. What if someone smuggled that umbrella thing back to the states and showed it on TV. Like, what if someone brought it onto some daytime talk show? I imagined myself on the set of Good Morning America with the umbrella thing sitting in a chair next to me while George Stephanopolous and Amy Robach asked me what the fuck I brought from Japan. I imagined myself explaining how I encountered it and after I finished speaking I noticed that Ginger Zee was looking at it while biting her lip.</p><p>Then she asked just what its tongue was capable of. When George tried chastising her for it, Ginger shouted 'dammit George, the women of America deserve to know!'</p><p>I didn't want to keep thinking about this particular scenario after that.</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Nov 1, 2022 </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
