<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 15</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 15</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>Junichi was waiting for me near this big banyan tree we have in the center of the base when I went to talk to him the next morning.<p>"The snow woman," he said when I approached him "he said something had its eyes on you."</p><p>"Yeah, I had a run with what might be a kitsune not long after I came here. I see it from time to time."</p><p>"A run in?"</p><p>"It was staring at me, I went out to shoo it away, got my face messed up."</p><p>"And it stalks you?"</p><p>"I catch glimpses of it from time to time but it hasn't gotten too close."</p><p>"How many tails?"</p><p>"Two. I think." Junichi gave a quiet 'hmm.'</p><p>"So if it's got two tails, what am I in for?"</p><p>"It is nowhere near as powerful as it could be, but you would still trifle with it at your own risk."</p><p>"Would shooting at it work?" I asked. I felt like this was a pretty dumb question but I still wanted to get an actual answer. Junichi just stared at me.</p><p>"I would just run."</p><p>Just then, we saw Webber walking by with a clipboard in his hand. I snapped to attention as he got closer.</p><p>"Mornin' sir."</p><p>"Thank you, Private Lang."</p><p>"Permission to ask a question, sir?" Webber sighed.</p><p>"Let me guess…" I gulped.</p><p>"It's about… you know what, sir."</p><p>"Fine. As long as it isn't too intrusive."</p><p>"Oof, um, ok." Webber walked closer to me.</p><p>"Just spit it out, please." I gulped.</p><p>"When do you think you'll tell your family about this?"</p><p>"Never," he replied. "If they find out, it won't be from me." I blinked. Junichi did a double take.</p><p>"S-sir, don't they have-"</p><p>"No private, they don't have the right to know. What I went through when I lived with my parents tells me that nothing good's going to come from letting them know they have a granddaughter."</p><p>I was just… stunned. Junichi looked like he could barely comprehend what he was hearing.</p><p>"Sir, I won't pry but I'm starting to wonder what you'd have lived through to decide not to tell them."</p><p>"Good. It means your parents took their responsibilities seriously. I'll put it this way. Hanabi might have been unexpected, but I promised myself that if I had any kids I'd keep them away from my parents. Nothing good's going to come of Hanabi meeting them. Same for Aiko."</p><p>He walked away after that. I was constantly replaying his words in my head.</p><p>What the fuck did he go through that would make him decide he couldn't trust his parents to behave around his kid?</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Yesterday at 8:23 AM </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
