<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 8</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 8</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>OK, I've got a better idea of what I'm dealing with now that I actually looked up what a Kitsune is. So, I or my unit are being stalked by a mystical fox that turns into a 10/10 girl at will in order to mess with people. According to Wikipedia, she might try to seduce me in order to snag my wallet is she's one of the more mischievous ones. To be fair, it looks like that 'variety' only picks on real assholes like greedy businessmen or samurai with inflated head syndrome. I can only imagine what she'd do if she were released onto the dickheads on Wall Street. 'Bruh, some Asian chick got me plastered and swiped my laptop!' 'Dude, you too? She took my phone and I can't call my broker to find out which stocks are hot right now!'<p>What's a little bit concerning is that Kitsune only mess with men lie that but it likes to possess women as well. Which is going to do wonders for my trust in some of my squamates, I'm sure. Maybe there'll be some sort of giveaway that the Kitsune's controlling them, like their eyes changing or having whiskers all of a sudden.</p><p>I'm still in shock at the word Esumi used to describe her. Whore. Seriously, I get that she was raised in the 30s or whatever but that isn't a word you expect to hear from a kid! The only person who I ever heard use that word was this bitter old biddy in an apartment near our house who called my little sister that when she saw what she was wearing for a date. I'm still wondering if someone actually tried screwing the thing in human form though.</p><p>We've kept asking the ghost kids about what else is going on here, but their knowledge seems to be limited. They don't seem comfortable talking about what's going on with the base for long. I guess after all this time, kids will still be kids. Esumi did tell me that if the Kitsune I saw had just two tails, she wasn't very 'wise'. Her phrasing, not mine. I wonder what the Japanese word for 'bimbo' is. Supposedly the number of tails means how old the Kitsune is as well as how smart.</p><p>Here's hoping I can use that to my advantage if I run into it and need to bolt.</p></div> <div> </div> </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
