<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 5</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 5</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>So, its been four days since those ghost kids came into our bunk room and they've been pretty tame so far. They seem pretty happy with those toys we got them but I'm still trying to find out just what they are. According to Google, the only specific type of Japanese ghosts is something that goes by the name of 'Zashiki-Warashi.' They're supposed to be good luck and your house will be blessed if you treat them as though they were your own kids. Give them toys and food or whatever, don't get overly pissed at them.<p>I'm a bit split on whether or not this is what we're dealing with, though. First off, they don't wear the kind cloths that 'Parlor Children' are said to wear. The boy doesn't wear samurai kit even though the girl's got a kimono. Then there's the burns. Nothing I've found online about Zashiki-Warashi mentions anything about physical indications about how the children became ghosts. So I'm guessing that they died in the same fire at more or less the same time. I still haven't tried feeding them though. Maybe one of us'll just get a two cheeseburgers or something and put the boxes in the room where we found them.</p><p>Another thing that makes me a bit skeptical is the fact that the girl seems to have taken a particular interest in Myers. Whenever the kids come out, she seems to look for Myers first before trying to see what anyone else is doing.</p><p>Which is why the girl now knows what Myers looks like when showering. Given the scream I heard from the shower room, I think Myers was on the verge of becoming a ghost herself. She said the ghost girl started screaming too before bowing a whole bunch and disappearing though the floor.</p><p>Last but not least, not much has changed since they showed up. You're supposed to be really lucky to have these things in your home but nobody's gotten a raise or a call from saying their dad's cancer's spontaneously cleared up. Still, there doesn't seem to be any predicable timeframe indicated when the good stuff's supposed to happen so the jury's still out on that. They really seem impressed by electronics though. Myer's speaker was only the beginning. I was watching Peaky Blinders on Netflix on my laptop when they both just floated behind me and started watching. I could see them reflected in the screen so it wasn't like they just popped up out of nowhere. The boy seemed pretty interested in how the guys in the show were dressed. This is just me spitballing here, but I think it's because those clothes seem familiar. Which could give me some idea of when they lived and when they died.</p><p>That might be all I can really go off of for the moment. From some of the muttering I've heard, I know that they can speak but none of us speak Japanese. So we either play some weird version of charades with them or get someone who can speak Japanese and won't look at us like we're bonkers when we tell them about the ghost kids in our barracks.</p><p>Still, not trying to talk to them seems really lame. I mean, we've got the chance to find out so much from them. If anything else, I wanna know why the girl seems to interested in Myers.</p><p>The fox has been curiously absent, by the way. I haven't seen it during patrols although I still feel like I'm being watched from time to time. One other thing to ask the kids when I find out how.</p></div> <div> </div> </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
