<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 6</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 6</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>So, it's been a hot minute since I last posted. We've had a lot to do at the base as of late. This thing with Ukraine seems to have PACCOM thinking that it might be a good idea to beef up our capabilities in case China tries something. That means I've been working myself to the bone getting crates off cargo jets then storing them in the warehouse on top of ATX firefights. Now, I don't exactly think that we're gonna be sent to Taiwan anytime soon but then again I'm not one of the top brass with a salad bar on their chest. So, in the grand scheme of things, I know fuck all.<p>I kind of know we've had an audience for the combat drills in the plains near. I felt it every once in a while, maybe once or twice per day, but I feel like something is watching me from the trees that I'm uncomfortably familiar with. When I turn my head, I see something with rust colored fur dart out of sight. The fox thing followed us.</p><p>We're still getting used to having the ghost kids show up when we're in the bunk room. Well, I can't exactly call them 'the ghost kids' anymore. We learned their names right after we got back from our drill in the mountains. The boy's name is Shojiro Moriya and the girl is Esumi Shiraki. We learned that after we all of a sudden decided 'oh right, we can kind of communicate with them,' so we just pointed at ourselves and said our names to get the message across. They both said the word 'tomodachi' when pointing at each other which a quick google search meant 'friends'.</p><p>For the sake of not upsetting them, we're gonna hold off asking how they died. We already made Esumi cry when we tried testing if they were 'parlor children.' The legends go that you're supposed to care for them as though they're your own kids. So I got two cheeseburgers from the mess hall, a pair of boxes of rice balls and put it in front of them. Esumi looked at the food for a second before she started sobbing. She was straight up bawling in about ten seconds. So we learned they can't eat and we only reminded her of that. Shojiro just glared at us then they vanished through the floor. We had to get some pretty impressive toys before they forgave us.</p><p>Or at least, I think they forgave us. Esumi seems to be OK with Vargas at the very least. She stays close to her whenever they show up and Shojiro is interested in something else. Once we find out how, I'm gonna ask them about the fox thing.</p></div> <div> </div> </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
