<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 16</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 16</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>I am proud to report that two new Jurassic Park fans were made last night.<p>We showed the first movie to Shojiro and Esumi yesterday on Trevor's computer. It had subtitles so they could understand it. Turns out Shojiro was quite the dino freak when he was still alive. Practically hoarded books on them.</p><p>For some reason, Esumi just couldn't stop laughing at Nedry. Like, there's something about him that makes her go hysterical whenever she sees him. Maybe it's just her. Maybe she's seen someone that Nedry's behavior reminded her of. I mean, he behaves nothing like anyone who actually takes their job seriously.</p><p>Or maybe it's Maybelline. I'm just kidding. She wasn't that scared by what happened to him in the end, just a little disappointed that it meant there wouldn't be any more of him. She found the Dilophosaurus cute though. Wasn't the biggest fan of Lex though. Couldn't take her eyes off Jeff Goldblum. To be fair, my mom had a crush on 90s Jeff before she married my dad and it isn't too hard to understand why.</p><p>If they think the effects in JP1 are amazing, wait till they've seen what's come out this decade. We're still going to show them the rest of the movies first.</p><p>Anyway, we're moving newly arrived supply crates into the warehouse. Aiko's watching us from from her perch on a nearby brick wall. She seems mildly interested in what we're doing, shifting her gaze from person to person, her legs dangling side to side.</p><p>Wait, is she here just to entertain herself? Or is she here on Webber's instructions?</p><p>Oh shit, did he indoctrinate her already? Did he find some way of getting her to do his bidding? Some ritual that marks her as his servant?</p><p>Or is he doing such a good job fucking her brains out that she's wrapped around his finger? Good god, does she outrank me now? Is she a new NCO or something?</p><p>Why is she smiling like that? Why is she looking right at me?</p><p>Hold the phone, Sean. Deep breathes. Breath in, breath out. She's not your boss so far as you know. Command can be dumb, but they're not that dumb.</p><p>Are they?</p></div> <div> </div> </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
