<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 13</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 13</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>Mini Update<p>Despite everything we'd been through the previous night, seeing Captain Webber moving around the base with the two new arrivals behind him was still a huge shock. I mean, we made a big fuss about them staying with him for the time being.</p><p>But seeing the three of them walking out from the officer's quarters that morning was still a huge shock. I think everyone in the main courtyard just shut up and stared. I know I did. I still couldn't believe what I was seeing or what it meant.</p><p>He did it. He let them sleep in his room that night. For all I know, he and Aiko shared a bed. The futon got brought in, that we know for sure. He's gonna have quite the time explaining them to the upper brass.</p><p>I think they really are here to stay. I mean, at least till winter's over. No idea what's gonna happen at that point. Either way, seeing two girls in kimonos so pale you'd think they didn't have any blood is going to be a somewhat common occurrence.</p><p>I think most of the people on base have at least heard of the two even if they hadn't seen them yet. There's no way of mistaking either of them though. I've still got no idea what's going through Aiko's head. From the two times I saw her today, she looked either mildly amused or bored. We sent out a request for JSDF to send a translator. The sooner we get someone who can talk to her, the better. She hadn't tried hurting anyone since she tried choking Barrows for his 'snussy' comment, but it's still unsettling to be around her.</p><p>It's not just what she's capable of that's worrying, it's what she might want. We have no idea if she was stalking Captain Webber or if she's at all interested in potential benefits the Marine Corps can provide her in terms of child care. Is she going to stay here just to indulge her curiosity? Does she know her daughter's a Corps baby?</p><p>Would she even care if she understood what that meant? I mean, she probably couldn't care less about the Corps or the US for that matter.</p><p>I had a strange thought regarding that while doing my rounds. While the idea of having to explain to Aiko what it meant that she had a marine officer's kid is a weird one, her actually taking pride in that and letting the Corps become a part of her would be even weirder. Like if Webber somehow indoctrinated her into being proud of being a marine's wife, swearing loyalty to the US. I pictured her wearing a kimono like usual, but one decked out with the colors of the Stars and Stripes.</p><p>No idea how Webber'd pull that off.</p></div> <div> </div> </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
