<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 10</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 10</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>I didn't get infected with anything when the umbrella monster licked me. I don't really feel any different and the medics gave me the all clear. The ghost kids seemed pretty amused by what'd happened. I looked up what the thing was and I have to admit, I'm kind of intrigued. There's this whole subtype of monsters in Japan that is made from objects that reach a hundred years of age. I don't think the umbrella wound up in the dump though, it didn't seem to have any holes in it. Maybe that's a good thing. Maybe it'd somehow remember being mistreated and that'd make it turn mean when it became self aware.<p>The ghost kids are still a pretty good source of information even though they haven't really gone that far. They got a laugh out my encounter with the umbrella monster. Still, I decided to shake down Lance Corporal Parker to get more intel. He seemed to know about the Kitsune or whatever. I pulled him aside after he and I did an hour in the gym. He laughed a little when I told him the thing licked me.</p><p>"Yeah, it doesn't mean any harm. I mean, I haven't heard of it trying to hurt anyone."</p><p>His smile faded.</p><p>"Look, just keep your head on a swivel, alright. Not all the stuff here is so… tame."</p><p>"Tame?"</p><p>"Ya know, friendly. Scary exterior but friendly inside. Some of them are bad through and through."</p><p>"Like what, exactly?"Parker sighed.</p><p>"There's a rumor that right around the time the first Covid lockdowns were happening, a marine on guard duty said that there was this girl who'd stand by the side of the road and just stare at him. He guessed she was early twenties. She'd just stand there with an umbrella, black dress, and a mask over her face. But it's early in the pandemic so that doesn't seem so weird. Still, she just looks at him and says nothing. This goes on for days and he finally decides he's gonna ask her what she's up to."</p><p>"And he was never heard from again?" I asked.</p><p>"Oh he got heard all right. By the time some of guards got to him though, he went silent. Dead silent. His face would've put Heath Ledger's Joker to shame. No sign of the girl though. Other marines caught a glimpse of her though, so nobody thought the guy was just nuts. I guess they just thought some local girl had a crush on him or something. It happens. Corps doesn't care that much so long as you don't go too far. Ya know, knock a girl up out of wedlock."</p><p>"What'd the girl do to fuck his face up?" I asked as Parker got up.</p><p>"If you believe the rumor, she used scissors."</p><p>"Scissors?" I asked.</p><p>"Yep."</p><p>"Any other fucked up monsters I should know about?" Parker took a second to think.</p><p>"Not that that I've heard of or seen. A captain supposedly had a fling with a monster though. This about winter of 2019, I think. Not sure if the guy's even still here."</p><p>I looked up the Slit Mouthed Woman after that conversation and all of a sudden, the timing really made sense. If there was any time in recent history when she could've had free reign over an area, it was during the peak of the pandemic. When only a few people left their homes. When everyone wore masks. When she could blend into any crowd that was walking nearby.</p><p>Well, that's my nightmare fuel tank refilled.</p><p>Author's Note: Quick question for you all. I asked previously if there were any former or active duty service members reading this but I'm still pretty curious if anyone's reading this while serving on a base or a navy ship somewhere. Also, I didn't realize it until now, but someone trying to flee the Kuchisake-Onna when the quarantines were still in effect would be an amazing movie. She could be any girl with a mask, and the streets being nearly totally deserted would add to the psychological horror. It's just her and her intended victim. It's disturbingly intimate.</p></div> <div> </div> </div><p/><div> Last edited: Nov 22, 2022 </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
