<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 3</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 3</h2>
    <p/>
    <div> <div> <div>OK. Now this I'm starting to wonder if there's more to the weird stuff on this base than just the old timers playing pranks on us. I, along with everyone else in our bunk room got woken up at around four fifteen last night by the sound of Hargrove screaming bloody murder. We ran out in boxers and undershirts to find him in the washroom, shaking like a leaf and pointing at these multicolored pools of liquid. After a few seconds we found out they were the contents of our soap and shampoo bottles that were emptied onto the floor.<p>With footprints in them. Child sized footprints. We don't have family housing on this base. There can't goddamn kids on this base.</p><p>But even though there shouldn't be any doesn't mean there aren't any. Hargrove couldn't have made those prints himself. We'd know. We searched the bunk room for any shoes that could've made the prints we found.</p><p>So, assuming that he hadn't just decided to play some weird prank on us, we have a ghost kid. Or ghost kids. Wonderful. I hate the idea of running into ghost kids. Granted, I've never run into any ghosts at all but there's something really unsettling about ghost children. Not only is seeing them a lot more startling and depressing than a, I dunno, ghost grown up, but what're the odds that this is something a whole lot worse that's just pretending to be a kid. Some of the figures I've been catching out of the corner of my eye haven't been all that big.</p><p>First, I have a fox capable of surprisingly human expressions to watch out for and now who knows how many spectral children. If they even are ghost kids and not… I don't want to think about.</p><p>Right. Now that we're actually considering the possibility that we have phantom children in our barracks, what do we do? Well, assuming that they'd act like living kids, they'd want something to play with. We had a huddle session near the parade ground after morning parade.</p><p>"Let's just get them a few Switches and be done with it." said Hargrove.</p><p>"And what happens if they can't get them to work somehow?" asked Markley. "Aren't ghost supposed to mess with electronics? We'll be throwing hundreds of dollars down the drain and maybe even piss them off."</p><p>"Fine," I said, shrugging. "We get them something physical. A few action figures, a few dolls, we see what happens."</p><p>We went into town after we finished up our tasks for the day. So long as we were back before 11pm, we could leave camp. We told our CO we were getting some souvenirs to send back home. We weren't quite in Tokyo, but we got pretty damn close. The city was pretty much a beacon at that time of night. Yeah, we lied, but I think we'd have gotten a Section 8 if we told the truth. We got five ten toys total, five for boys and five for girls. We wanted to get eight but Markley pointed out that four in Japanese sounds a lot like 'death' and taunting ghost kids didn't seem like a good idea. He also got a paddleball. After got them, we put the toys in one of the larger storage rooms.</p><p>I imagined that I'd feel like the biggest idiot on the planet if this idea went nowhere.</p><p>But that idea was proven false around midnight. When we heard a paddleball being used and kids giggling.</p></div> <div> </div> </div> </div>
  </body>
</html>
