<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Planning the Waystone Project, Part 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Planning the Waystone Project, Part 4</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally

[*] LESSON: Dhar Insight
[*] DIPLO: Polyglot



When the substance of the Aethyr flows through the poles and into the world, it undergoes a transformation into the Winds of Magic, becoming linked to the fundamental forces of reality rather than the transient whims of the Chaos Gods. Light and Shadow, Life and Death, Fire and Firmament, Logic and Instinct. These Winds were taken and wielded by the Elves of Ulthuan during the Coming of Chaos and used to create the Great Vortex to draw in those Winds and return them to the realm that birthed them. An odd decision at first glance for them to funnel away much of the power they had just learned to wield, but the reason is simple: the Winds have another transformation left in them. When they lie stagnant for too long or are forced to intermix, they become Dhar, Dark Magic, an echo of their original form. This noxious substance inflicts madness and mutation upon mortals and, when enough of it gathers, it allows Gods and Daemons to walk the world freely. When the Vortex was created, the Daemons besieging Ulthuan were banished, but so too were the Gods that once walked amongst the Elves.

Even after the imminent apocalypse was averted, Dhar continued to twist history into new and terrible forms. The first Phoenix King's son, Malekith, studied Dhar in secret to gather the power to try to claim his father's crown, and when the war turned against him he used it to tear the cities of Nagarythe from Ulthuan, creating the Black Arks that would be the seeds of his future Kingdom of Naggaroth. In the sands of the Southlands, a Prince of Nehekhara known as Nagash combined the energies of Dhar with the rituals of Nehekhara's priesthood to create Necromancy to try to claim the throne for himself, poisoning the Great River of Life in the process and dooming the once-great desert cities to eternal undeath. When Nagash fell, his Dhar-empowered generals scattered across the continent, each going on to found a Vampire bloodline and some entire Vampiric realms - Strygos, Sylvania, Mousillon, the Vampire Coast. To the north, many of those that live close to the pole fell under the sway of the Chaos Gods, and those with the talent for magic were taught to channel the authority of their patrons to command Dhar into the terrible spells of Chaos Sorcery, and twelve times their Everchosen have attempted to claim the world for the Chaos Gods. And their whispers reach further south, promising all sorts of things to all sorts of people, and those that turn their study to the Chaos Gods can do terrible things. In the time of Sigmar the nascent Empire was endangered by the Great Enchanter Drachenfels, and though he was laid low by Ghal Maraz, slaying the terrible things that still crawl out of Castle Drachenfels takes a toll on Reikland's military to this day.

The Beastmen were first born from the radiant Dhar of the green moon Morrsleib, and each year their numbers are bolstered by those who are unable to avoid its gaze and prove susceptible to its influence. Their Shamans wield Dhar in a bestial form theorized to be a corruption of Ghur, and they erect Herdstones wherever they roam to draw in Winds and corrupt them, in what you feel must be a deliberate mockery of the Waystones. The Skaven have an affinity for Dhar in its solidified form known as Wyrdstone, and they scour the world for it to power their many clever and terrible applications of it: the magic of their Grey Seers, of course, but also inducing mutations to create their war-beasts, fuelling their technosorcerous devices, and in a form confirmed to exist by you, bending Ulgu into a magical lore dedicated to assassination.

That history shows why it is so vital to understand Dhar to be able to counter it, and also why the Colleges must be so very careful when it comes to those studies. It only takes one person with the wrong knowledge - one Malekith, one Nagash, one Drachenfels - to permanently mar the history of the world and leave a terrible legacy that the passage of millennia cannot erase. For this reason, the very document that allowed for the existence of the Colleges also forbade them to ever study 'any sorcery or witchcraft that utilises the wicked powers of Dark Magic', and dictated that any that did so were 'both Heretic and Traitor' and were to be 'put to sword and fire immediately'. Compared to the rest of the Articles that laid down privileges and protections for the nascent Colleges, Article 7 is worded very sternly indeed.

But just like the rest of the Articles, it is also worded very carefully. It forbids the study of magic that uses Dhar, but not the study of Dhar itself.

It's still not something that is allowed lightly or often, so it could not be said that the Colleges boast any experts in the matter. College theory dictates that there is no safe level of exposure to Dhar, and College procedures dictate that any study of it must have the express permission of a Magister Patriarch or Matriarch, which is given out very infrequently indeed, and almost never more than once to the same Wizard for fear of accumulated corruption. So how can any Wizard build up a working knowledge of Dhar under those circumstances?

Well. More or less inadvertently, you've answered that question.

Due to an espionage gambit of your former Master, you campaigned against the Necromancers of Sylvania. Due to the... opinions of Abelhelm's heir, you were looking for a new purpose when Belegar called for aid, and by sheer chance one of your fellow campaigners was an undercover Magister given permission to study Skaven technosorcery, and under that aegis you've studied a number of applications of Wyrdstone. And when you called upon the Light College for aid in the Karag Dum Expedition, they sent a Magister who was entrusted with another very rare permission, this time to study the Windfall and the atmosphere of the Chaos Wastes. Through happenstance and good fortune, you've found yourself in three different, excellent, and above all College-authorized opportunities to study the terrible substance of Dhar when most Wizards would never have one.

That's the story you'll tell, if ever you have to tell it. But while all of that is true, a significant underpinning truth is that so many of the insights you've garnered from those opportunities owe a huge debt of gratitude to two very unapproved individuals: Baron Frederick Van Hal and Vashanesh, better known to history as the Necromancer Vanhel and the Vampire and later Count Vlad von Carstein. Authors of the Liber Mortis, the original copy of which was entrusted to your care by Abelhelm van Hal after his death. And if anyone in the Colleges knew that, there is nothing you could say or do that would prevent them doing everything in their power to see you dead. And though the tome does contain enough secrets of Necromancy to more than justify that reaction, it also contained a great many notes on the nature of Dhar. Almost everything you have learned about Dhar from your exposure to it has depended on a foundation in its fundamental nature provided by those two.

From your many encounters, you boast about as thorough an understanding of Dhar as anyone could possibly attain without channelling its terrible power for themself, and what's perhaps equally important is that you possess an entirely legitimate explanation for how you attained that understanding.

Much more prosaically, the other topic of study of yours that has proven vital has been that of languages. It couldn't be said to have been a passion of yours, or that it was all that important for much of your career. Sure, you learned Lingua Praestantia and a smattering of Old Reikspiel like all Wizards, and you learned Tar-Eltharin like most Grey Wizards, but apart from the mystical applications of Praestantia the only good it could be said to have done you is allowed to you to converse freely with Asarnil. And though the profits of his memoirs were welcome, the full dividends of that were not to be seen for over a decade. Then you joined Belegar's Expedition, and through intermingling with the others and then the fledgling multi-species community of Karak Eight Peaks you picked up Khazalid, the ancient language of the Dwarves. And though that proved useful when it came to working with the Dwarves, and you certainly welcomed the additions to your library the new language allowed you, even then multilingualism didn't really flourish into a key skill.

But more recently, it's become more and more important. The first inkling of this was during the final battles of the reclamation. An Emperor Dragon waking up nearby and going on a rampage would spell the end of many settlements, but through Eltharin you were able to reach a truce with the Ice Dragon as it tore through the Skaven that had disturbed it, and over time build something approaching a friendship with the being you now know as Cython. Then in what may be the crowning achievement of your Wizarding career, you managed to finagle a great deal of stolen materials and a compliant prisoner into a grasp of Queekish, the common tongue of the Skaven Under-Empire. Should the Skaven ever find out about that, you'll probably have to take the name of Lady Magister Grey and go into a heavily guarded retirement, but even if they do there are a great deal of opportunities that the Empire and the Karaz Ankor alike will have during future conflicts with the Skaven, now that they're able to interrogate captives and translate captured writings.

And if that wasn't enough, linguistics truly cemented its worth with the Karag Dum Expedition. Firstly, the relationship you established with Asarnil allowed you to poach him from Marienburg, which is also great for him not being on Marienburg's side should that whole situation boil over. Then during the Expedition, that the Chaos Dwarves spread their dialect of Khazalid to their trade partners allowed you to talk your way through a number of situations that would have been rather awkward without it, or if you didn't speak it. And an oddity in the way Snorri echoed the defensive phrase concealing Karak Vlag - a phrasing that would not normally be used in Khazalid - confirmed for you that something was up and led to the Karak's recovery. And after the Expedition, when you repeated Borek's words regarding the Karak-Waystones to Belegar, the exact words he chose planted a seed of doubt in Belegar's mind regarding his theory of Karaz-a-Karak committing widespread theft against the Karaks, which would not have been the case if you'd been communicating with Borek in the less precise Reikspiel.

To cap it all off, in a highlight of the potential danger of a lack of linguistic knowledge, that you were speaking Khazalid to the Kurgan instead of their own tongue led you to miss what could have been an early warning of Karag Dum's guardian, as you mistook their talk of 'Dum' for a reference to Karag Dum, rather than Cor-Dum, Morghur's name in Khazalid.

Now that you're soon to be working with the Eonir, who have their own dialect of Eltharin and, you hope, a library bursting with materials in all sorts of esoteric languages, you've resolved to turn more of your focus to the matter of languages. Not being able to speak a language is a terrible reason to miss out on new understandings, and hopefully in the future you'll be able to converse with allies and interrogate enemies without any linguistic barriers interfering.

[Trait gained: Polyglot: You've developed a tongue and an appreciation for languages, from the ephemeral poetry of Eltharin to the solid precision of Khazalid. +2 Diplomacy, languages are quicker to learn through study and absorb through immersion.]
[Trait gained: Dhar insight: You've observed Dhar in so many different contexts that you've reached a deep understanding of it without ever wielding it. +10 to studying or countering Dhar-based magics, +20 to wielding Dhar.]

[Skill increased: Colleges of Magic, Advanced: You've worked with your fellow Wizard of the Eight Colleges of Altdorf on numerous occasions. +1 Diplomacy]
[Skill increased: Kislev (2/2): You've developed a basic understanding of the northern realm of Kislev. +1 Diplomacy]
[Skill gained: Kurgan (1/2)]
[Skill gained: Strategy - Knights (1/3)]
[Skill gained: Strategy - Wizards (1/3)]
[Skill gained: Tactics - Wizards (1/3)]
[Skill gained: Scouting (2/3)]
[Skill gained: Logistics (1/3)]
[Skill gained: Kislev Pantheon (1/3)]
[Skill increased: Bibliothecography (2/3)]
[Skill gained: History (Old World) (2/3)]
[Skill gained: Linguistics: You've gone beyond a mere knowledge of languages and are developing an understanding of language itself. +1 Learning]

---

While you're reminiscing, there are a few feats in your history that might come in useful for more than feeling good about yourself. You've yet to use your destruction of the Black College of Teufelheim or your translation of Queekish to open doors within the Empire, and the precedents for repaying Great Deeds like those are fairly clear. Knighthood would be an option if you didn't already have it, and you could use it to found a Knightly Order or bring a specific matter before the Emperor or an Elector's Meet. But perhaps most relevant is that a Great Deed could be used to gain permission to open an official Branch of the Colleges of Magic.

The most prominent example is probably the Hochland College of Sorcery, but other examples are the Wizards and Alchemists Guild of the Gold College in Middenheim, the not-actually-ancient-by-any-measure Ancient Library of the Light College in Tubingen, and the Esoterica Wing of the Royal Academy of Talabecland partnered with the Jade and Amber Colleges. They can serve many purposes, from libraries to research institutes to educational facilities to bases of operations. One obvious benefit is that a Wizard operating as the head of an official branch of the Colleges of Magic is an individual that gets treated with more care and respect than a lone Wizard operating as no more than themself. Another benefit is it makes the headquarters of your branch officially part of the Colleges of Magic, giving them various esoteric legal protections, a modest payroll, the option to bring in Senior Apprentices and Perpetuals as staff, and making it possible for them to attract investment from interested parties, such as College leadership or local rulers.

The other side of your unredeemed acts is that in the Dwarven realm. There seems to have been a shift in how you've been treated lately. At first you thought you might have somehow misstepped and offended the Dwarves in some way, but over time you realized that you're no longer being treated with the condescendingly demonstrative approval given to an Umgi that's proven themselves tolerable. You're being treated the same way the Dwarves treat each other: with gruff and understated respect. That might have some inherent downsides since something laudable and worthy of reward when done by a human would simply be expected of a Dwarf, but the warm feeling you got when you realized it, and still get when you think about it, more than makes up for it.

You've got four wellsprings of Dwarven gratitude that can be tapped: Belegar's for your time with Karak Eight Peaks, Karak Vlag for their return from the Aethyr, Karaz-a-Karak for the rescue of their Metalsmiths Guild, and Karak Kadrin for the return of most of their Steam-Wagons and engineers. There's no real structure to what these could be turned to, there's not much that's outside the capabilities of Dwarven labour to achieve or Dwarven wealth to acquire. You've entertained a few ideas in the past, but now's the time to turn ideas into action if you want the results to be of use during the coming years.



Branch College

Headquarters:
-[ ] Karag Nar
-[ ] Tor Lithanel
-[ ] Altdorf
-[ ] Middenheim
-[ ] Deinste
Deinste is a trade and lumber town built on the meeting point of the borders of Middenland, Nordland, and Westerland, and is the closest Middenland town to Laurelorn.
-[ ] Mobile
Will require the acquisition of a decent-sized vessel of some sort.
-[ ] No set abode
-[ ] Other (specify what)

Charter:
-[ ] Research (optional: specify what)
Dedicated to studying a certain field or phenomenon.
-[ ] Education (optional: specify what)
Dedicated to teaching, whether it be of something specific or in general, and of Apprentices, of Magisters, or even of non-Wizards.
-[ ] Library (optional: specify what)
Dedicated to the accumulation and preservation of knowledge.
-[ ] Outpost (optional: specify what)
Dedicated to providing a place for other Wizards to work in or out of.

College:
-[ ] All
-[ ] Grey
-[ ] (specify combination)

The more specific you are with the purpose for the Branch, the more cooperation it is likely to receive and interest it is likely to garner. Remember that the Hochland College of Sorcery went broad, and ended up being a dumping ground for people too annoying or inconvenient to have knocking around Altdorf. You can have a headquarters in one place while utilizing its authority and staff elsewhere. You can found multiple branch colleges by expending additional Deeds. Names will be decided in a future vote.

Example:
[*] Karagril College of Dwarven War Yodelling
-[*] Headquarters: Karagril
-[*] Charter: Research (Yodelling) and Education (Yodelling)
-[*] Colleges: Grey, Amber, Bright


Other possible Great Deed expenditures



Spoiler: Great Deeds



Great Deeds are the favour equivalent for the entire Empire. An act that saves an entire province would qualify, as would anything that negates a threat that the Imperial Army would otherwise have had to mobilize against. When the Imperial Army is actively campaigning, turning the tide of a battle that the main force is engaged in would count.

Incomplete list of things a Great Deed can buy:
Raising a topic at an Elector's Meet for serious discussion and contemplation, and anyone otherwise neutral on the topic would vote for it.
Give you the right to address the Meet on a topic they're about to vote towards, and your opinion and any points you raise will be given serious weight.
Have an exhibit opened in the Imperial Zoo, named after you, and maintained. If the beasts are already well understood, or you can supply that knowledge, they will also do their best to acquire them. Otherwise you need to supply them.
Have a Wolfship built to your specifications and put under your permanent command.
Raise your name for promotion to Wizard Lord, and if you fail by only a single criteria (loyalty, ability, reliability, experience) it will be handwaved away.
Write a specific law or treaty for the Emperor's consideration, and if he sees no significant problems with it he is likely to enshrine it in law.
Found a Knightly Order (permission only, Knights not included).
Found a branch of a College of Magic (permission only, buildings not included).
A trained and mostly tame Griffin.
Knighthood, with a small fief to go with it.
If already possessing a noble title, for two Great Deeds, being granted the title of Baron and a large fief including one town.
Be granted the right to make copies of all written materials within one library under Imperial (non-Collegiate, non-Cult) authority. Provide your own scribes.



Example:
[*] Great Deed: Found a Knightly Order of War Yodellers
[*] Great Deed: Ask the Emperor to outlaw War Yodelling


Dwarven Boons

Mathilde has broken the Dwarf Rep system. Her Dwarf Rep is now 'Yes'. Anything that Dwarf Favour was previously spent on can now simply be requested, and as long as it can be seen to be of benefit to the Karaz Ankor in some way, the Dwarves that have come to trust her judgement will pull the strings to make it happen. Limitations will be put in place if you go crazy with it. For things that are strictly to Mathilde's personal benefit or the benefit of foreign polities, Boons should be expended. Any future significant deeds that Dwarves approve of will be rewarded in Boon form.

Available Dwarven Boons:
Karaz-a-Karak (Moderate) / Metalsmiths Guild (Major): You rescued a significant amount of the Karaz-a-Karak Metalsmiths Guild, including their leader, from a sunken monitor.
Karak Eight Peaks (Transcendent): For your part in the Karak's reclamation, simply name it, and King Belegar will see it done.
Karak Kadrin (Minor) / Engineers Guild (Moderate): They are grateful for the safe return of many of the Steam-Wagons and most of the Engineers.
Karak Vlag (Transcendent): They know irrefutably that you risked your soul to tear theirs from the grasp of Hell.

Dwarven Boons are a lot less structured. As a rule of thumb, a Minor boon gets you an expert for a year or a team for a few months, a Moderate one gets you a team and a longer time, a Major one gets you something the size of the Karag Dum Expedition, and a Transcendent one gets you the Okral. Boons affiliated with a specific Guild can be called in from that Guild for something within their capabilities for the larger boon attached to them, instead of the lesser one from the Karak in general.

Example:
[*] Karak Vlag: Build me a College of Dwarven War Yodelling


- Due to importance and potential complexity of this vote, there will be a 24-hour moratorium. Voting will be in plan format.
- The trait and skill gains were originally posted here.
- If you think there's a skill increase that deserves to be on there but isn't, first, think carefully, because I'm going to run out of patience fast if everyone thinks Mathilde should get (1/3) in Dwarven War Yodelling for having heard a faint echo of a yodel at one point. If you've thought carefully and still think you've got a suggestion with merit, please let me know. Topics already broached: greatswords, pistols, illusions, Chaos Gods.
- For posterity, Mathilde's final Dwarf Rep figures were: Dwarf Reputation: 134, Dwarf Favours: 32.
- Voting will be open until at least 2am GMT on Sunday 25th.
  </body>
</html>