<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 29 Results - 2484</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 29 Results - 2484</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Plan Keep It Classy
-[*] Contains one Overwork action
-[*] MAX: Study an artefact: Captured Clan Moulder devices (as yet uninspected)
-[*] JOHANN: Have him teach Adela what he knows of engineering.
-[*] DUCK: Magical target-shooting is rough on normal targets. Set up a specialized target range for your ducklings, and for any other wizards at Eight Peaks.
-[*] EIC: Start hiring handlers who can then start hiring informers and begin to collect non-public information.
-[*] SERENITY: Write a paper: The We book (1/2)
-[*] PENTHOUSE: Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
-[*] Collate useful information on the northernmost Dark Lands from Qrech and Lady Magister Grey.
-[*] Attend classes at the Grey College:
--[*] Anti-Chaos Training
--[*] Runes and Runecraft
--[*] Enchanting
-[*] Study an artefact: Ranald's Coin
--[*] COIN: The Gambler



The Expedition to Karag Dum is one you have a lot of misgivings about, but you're somewhat reassured by the fact that at least most of them intend to evacuate survivors and retrieve treasures and artefacts, rather than trying to reclaim a Dwarfhold in the middle of the Chaos Wastes. Most of the route is along the Road of Skulls, which... well, the name does indicate a certain amount of danger, but it's one that is semi-regularly travelled by merchants and enough of them make it back for others to consider the risk worth taking. And a properly prepared and equipped expedition would surely fare better than merchant caravans.

Speaking of proper preparation, there's a fair bit you need to do yourself before you'll feel happy about venturing into the Chaos Wastes, even on a scouting mission. You've got ideas for a number of possible enchantments that could help, you're considering finally crafting a staff of your very own, and not least of all, there's the anti-Chaos training that Algard insisted you take.

When you arrive at the Grey College, you're delighted that Regimand is there to greet you, and quite glad that he seems to have gotten his new beard somewhat under control. Instead of being blown away with every errant breeze, it has thickened enough to stay in place, and now almost looks like normal hair unless he moves his head too quickly. He claims to be in retirement again, which you treat with the scepticism it deserves, and then tells you he'll be managing the first part of your training.

"First off," he says after you've moved into one of the private reading rooms, "tell me what you know of the Four."

"The Plotter, the Excessive, the Diseased, and the Violent," you say. "I know Their general spheres, but just what you taught me way back during my Apprenticeship. Apart from a brief glimpse of one of the Plotter's schemes, I've not brushed with the Four."

"That you know of," he says. "I'm glad you're still not using Their names. Opinion is still divided on whether that does draw Their attention, but I've always felt that calling Them by name leads someone to underestimate Them."

Over the next few days, he takes you through a more advanced description of the Four and how They operate, focusing on what They offer and what They tend to want in exchange. You can see why it's not taught earlier on, as it's quite an array of abilities, traits, and knowledge They can supposedly grant, and nobody is entirely immune to the full array of temptation spread out before you. How many Journeymen would be lost if you planted these ideas into their mind, and in the arrogance of youth, they decided they had it in them to snatch away the tainted gifts of Chaos and turn them to noble ends? After all, is that not what Wizardry itself is?

After Regimand has exhausted what he's confident enough in to teach, you're passed along to a rather more intimidating figure - the Porter of the Grey Order, Reiner Starke. His unassuming title hides the truth of his power in plain sight - it is he that decides who the doors of the Grey College do and do not open to. The youngest current Lord Magister, his ambition is as well known as his loyalty to the Empire.

"Magister Weber," he says, his grey eyes betraying the touch of Ulgu as he tries to stare you down.

"Lord Magister," you reply calmly, returning his gaze.

"Your ascent through the ranks has been meteoric," he says, consulting a sheet of encoded notes, "but unlike most who could be described that way, there seems to be no doubts as to your loyalty or worthiness. Your service to the late and lamented Hunter-Count was impeccable, as has been your assistance to his daughter, even when you had every reason and excuse not to. And your continued aid to the Dwarf-folk has been quite the exemplar. Tell me, are you a woman of faith?"

You have no idea where he's going with this, so you hedge. "I can't claim to compare to people such as Chaplain Kasmir Heinz or Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart, but yes, I consider myself to be."

He smiles, seemingly quite pleased. "I had thought you to be. I've no doubt you'll continue to prove yourself a worthy addition to the Grey College in the coming years, and I look forward to working alongside you."

That unnerving conversation concluded, he spends parts of the coming days giving you short, terse lectures on the resonances of the Four, and you spend the rest of those days locked in rooms with shackled grimoires that cannot be allowed to leave the College. The information you gain is quite disturbing, considering how many symbols, animals, phrases, and even numbers are said to be associated with one of the Four. But by the time you've finished, you've got a reasonable idea of how to avoid inadvertently attracting the attention of the Chaos Gods - or, if you were so inclined, an encyclopedic knowledge of how to invite it. It's quite the double-edged sword.

[Piety Skill gained: Chaos: You know how to avoid - or to invite - the attentions of the Chaos Gods, and of the curses and blessings they gift and inflict.]

---

Runes and Runecraft, it is reiterated several times by Choirmaster Stephen on the first day and regularly after, is not in any way related to the Runesmithing of the Karaz Ankor. The simplest reason is the runes are much more closely related to Eltharin than Khazalid, though it is its own distinct pseudo-alphabet after two centuries of iteration by the Colleges. Over the years it has integrated fragments of Druidic glyphs, Shamanic symbology, High Nehekharan hieroglyphs, Alchemical and Astrological notation, Hedgewise markings, and Thieves Cant. And maybe a little Khazalid, but only indirectly via Old Reikspiel. Definitely nothing straight from Khazalid. Please don't say otherwise to the Runesmiths.

It does not have direct effects on the item the Runes are drawn or carved or otherwise integrated into, it simply makes them more suited to hold or channel specific Winds under specific circumstances, making it quite helpful for enchantments and staff-turning, especially ones using esoteric components that are often used more for their power than for being perfectly attuned to the right Wind. The reason the Runes work is immaterial to the fact that it does work, but Choirmaster Stephen seems to be largely unable to keep himself from being sidetracked into the theories and implications of the different resonances all these different symbols of varied origins have. The Apprentices taking the course delight in prodding the Choirmaster into these digressions so they can nap or talk amongst themselves, but you and the other Magisters present pay close attention and are able to glean a number of intriguing insights above and beyond what you learn of Runecraft.

In contrast, the lessons on Enchantment itself are completely free of digression, both because of the potential danger and because of the teacher, Magister Hugo Bann of the Bright College, the giant of a man who you previously met during his work on the Red Tower. He has proven himself to have a better grasp of safely binding magic into items than Lord Wizards twice his age, and in fact some of those very Lord Wizards are alongside you in the classroom, trying to improve their enchantment skills to encompass everything short of Battle Magic. Every one of the lessons takes place in a building owned by the Gold College with thick stone walls and a flimsy wooden roof which is usually home to the more ambitious adventures in chemistry, and though none of the mishaps that take place during the lessons are quite serious enough to blow the roof off, they do come close enough to show the wisdom of the setting.

Magister Bann's lesson plan is very straightforward: you can pick up the theory of materials and ritual and thaumaturgic equations elsewhere, but nowhere else will you find someone who can teach you to find the exact limit of how much magic you can handle without taking a step over it. Magic does not like the process of enchantment, and given the ghost of a chance will wriggle free from a novice enchanter's grasp and do something rather drastic to show its displeasure. It takes total control to force it to take a static and permanent form, and while Magister Bann does not teach you how to achieve that control - it's unlikely he would have useful insight on the matter for anyone but his fellow Brights anyway - he does teach you how to recognize when you are approaching your limit, and when it's time to redouble your focus and when it's time to ground the magic and start again from scratch. It's certainly an atypical lesson plan, but the lessening rate of magical mishaps in the classroom over the weeks speaks for itself.

[Runes Class: Learning, 75+27+10(Enchanter)=112.]
[Enchantment Class: 84+27+10(Enchanter)=121.]
[Magic Skill improved: Enchantment: Able to enchant objects with Fiendishly Complex spells and below.]
[Magic Skill gained: Runecraft: You know the eclectic variety of runes and symbols used by the Colleges to improve their enchantments, and a lot of the theory behind them. +1 Learning.]

---

When Qrech first introduced himself to you, it was as Chieftain Qrech Anuvongeni of Seventh-and-Final-Combe. While you take careful notes, he explains to you - haltingly, as he mentally searches every sentence for information that might be useable against Clan Moulder and excises it - what that means.

"In the southern face of the Great Skull Land, there are fourteen major combes west of the Falls of Doom. The Seventh-and-Final-Combe is the front line of Clan Moulder. From it, we raided the East-Dwarves for weapons and materials and slaves, and they raided us for test subjects and sacrifices and slaves. Have done so for many generations. No changes. Very confusing for new Clanrats. Two is war, yes? But for us, there is our superiors, and for they, it is theirs. So we fight enough that we get interesting new slaves to keep Hell Pit happy, and they fight enough that they get interesting new slaves to keep Zharr-Naggrund happy. Two threes overlapping. War, but peace." He chitters his teeth in amusement. "Those that cannot understand, they try to push proper fight, end up killed by East-Dwarves. Self-correcting, very balanced."

Though you'll never say so to a Dwarf, having gotten used to their way of seeing the world means it's easy to understand the Skaven perspective of Zorn Uzkul, where the surface exists primarily as a source of danger. But just underneath Skaven cowardice is Skaven ambition, and the eyes that watch the surface do so not only for enemies, but for opportunity, so their eyes are all the sharper. The Road of Skulls is known to the Empire as the road from Kislev to Cathay, but to those that call the Dark Lands home, it is the only accessible route from Zorn Uzkul to the Great Steppes. It is not only frequented by ambitious traders from Kislev and the Empire, but also warbands and trading parties from the top of the world: the Chaos-worshipping horse nomads of the Kurgan, the wolf-riding clans of the Hobgoblin Khanates, and the rare but much-feared warbands of the Tong. Some push further west to raid Kislev, others travel to the Chaos Dwarf citadel of Uzkulak to trade captured slaves and pillaged treasures for arms and armour forged by the Chaos Dwarves.

Overall, a well-trodden and very dangerous highway, watched from below. Over a series of interviews, you extract every pertinent memory from Qrech. The map you're working from is from the University of Altdorf, and though it does have some details near the Road of Skulls, it is almost blank to either side, and you manage to fill a fair amount of that blankness with rough details on the terrain and whether below it dwells Skaven or Chaos Dwarves or neither. But though Qrech has given you a fair amount of information about the plateau itself, he's not actually able to give you much information on the Chaos Dwarves, as what he does know about them is mostly about raiding the Plains of Zharr to the south. So you turn your attention to another, equally valuable source of information: Lady Magister Grey.

Lady Magister Grey is the closest thing the Colleges have to an expert on the Chaos Dwarves, who earned quite a bit of their enmity by exploding one of their very few Hellcannon foundries. For the rest of her career, Hobgoblin assassins would manage to find her in the most unlikely of places, and though she defeated all of them and gained quite a bit of renown with the level of information on Hobgoblin anatomy she published, they only needed to get lucky once to settle the score. After it became clear that the Chaos Dwarves were using some sort of bizarre underwater vessel to deliver Hobgoblin assassins throughout the Empire with impunity, she retired to Altdorf, where between the First Imperial Fleet and the defences of the Colleges, she was reasonably safe. Even so, Hobgoblin corpses are often found bobbing down the river after having been fatally mugged by Altdorf's oddly patriotic criminal underworld, which is completely unaffiliated with the Grey College.

"In their way," she says thoughtfully as she rummages through her storage closet, "they're as reclusive as their untainted kinfolk. When they venture out, it's generally for slaves, and they much prefer for the slaves to be brought to them. A great many of mankind's enemies know that if you take enough slaves to the Chaos Dwarves, you can walk away with weapons and armours of astounding quality - especially if you don't mind that their puissance comes from demons bound within them." She pulls out a scroll tube, peers into one end dubiously, then shrugs and drops it back into the clutter. "That's where the Hellcannons came from. The Great War Against Chaos was a win for us in the end, but plenty merely raided their black hearts out instead of throwing themselves entirely behind the Everchosen, and they walked away with untold thousands of slaves, both from Kislev and from the infighting amongst them afterwards. Not to mention the opportunistic raids from greenskins and Ogres and Dark Elves and whatnot. This flooded the metaphorical market with enough slaves that even the foundries of Zharr-Naggrund couldn't purchase them all, and many ended up sacrificed or eaten after the entire tribe or clan or Waaagh or what-have-you was armed and armoured."

"So the Hellcannons were the equivalent of luxury goods?" you say dubiously.

"It's tough to wrap your mind around, but that's what it comes down to. They don't need them for their own defences, they need them to be able to secure as many slaves as possible, to fuel their industry and sate their God. Aha!" She pulls a severely squished roll of parchment out from under a chest festooned with padlocks, and does her best to unroll and flatten it on her desk to show to you. "Most of it's Zharr-Naggrund, but see at the top there, the Falls of Doom? They've excavated an enormous tunnel under it, all the way to Uzkulak. Ever since they finished it, Uzkulak has been their Barak Varr. On top of the existing 'customers' coming from the Great Steppes, there's Norscans and Dark Elves and Sartosans and Corsairs and Zombie Pirates that all make their way through the pack ice. And some of the 'traders' that claim to go east to Cathay simply stop at Uzkulak and buy stolen cargoes that the Chaos Dwarves have no use for. Uzkulak doesn't care where you come from as long as they get first refusal and a cut."

You trace the line of the artificial underground river. "I've seen pictures of Zharr-Naggrund, I'd assumed they didn't have the same compulsion to stay below ground."

"They do, it just comes second to the desire to dominate, and you can't do that in the mountains. Too many nooks and crannies. A tower on an open plain means there's no escape and no surprises." She smiles, looking quite pleased with herself. "Present company excluded, of course."

Over the coming days, you distil the useful information from her copies of the papers she wrote back then into a series of notes and some extra details on your developing map. Between your two sources, it seems that the Expedition might be more likely to succeed than you first feared. Sure, there'd the chance of unfriendly traffic coming from the Great Steppes, but your primary concern was that the area seemed to be dominated by the Chaos Dwarves, seeing as it was sandwiched between Zharr-Nagrund and Uzkulak. But if they travel underground, just as the Dwarves did before the Underway was shattered, then the surface would go mostly unthreatened by them.

---

Ever since you received it, Ranald's Coin has been hanging from your neck, providing aid in a wide variety of ways, some of which you could only guess at. The most obvious unusual element about it is that it has two sides but four faces, and as you roll the coin across your knuckles, four different symbols of the four different facets of Ranald are visible. Despite the intense amount of magic within the Coin, this doesn't seem to be a magical effect. It just has four faces, and that fact takes precedence over things like limitations of the physical world.

Windsight is the ability to not just see the unseen, but to glimpse into the immaterial world that is parallel to the material one, where souls and daemons and Gods reside. But 'parallel' can be a misleading term, as the Aethyr does not map neatly or consistently onto the mundane world, save for when the border between the two is ruptured, as is supposedly the case at the poles and, briefly but disastrously, during the very worst of miscasts. For one very pertinent example, if you use your Magesight to 'look' in the right direction - one that has nothing to do with the three conventional dimensions - you can see the presence of Ranald, and the link between your soul and Him. But if you look at the Coin, you can see the link from it to Ranald, and it is not running alongside the one between Him and you, despite the fact that you hold the Coin in your hands. There are countless theories to try to make sense of the Warp, one of the most popular being that it is impossible to make sense of the Warp.

Your first foray is to examine the Coin as if it was possessing of an Arcane enchantment, rather than a Divine one. This is easier said than done, as if this was Arcane, it would have to be the work of a lunatic or a genius to have been fit into such a small object. As you do your best to train your Magesight onto such a small object, you're reminded of your finicky work with the Shyish-infused swords, and of your efforts to reverse-engineer the Dhar matrix used by the self-proclaimed Countess of Sylvania. Even with your very finely-honed Magesight and the Room of Utter Neutrality to guarantee a clear view, hours turn into days peering at the Coin and sketching out the strands of energy that fill it. Making the task much more difficult is that the sacred symbol of Ranald is a simple cross, which means it's impossible to say where it's deliberately present and where it's simply the intersection of two strands.

It's on the fourth day that energy pulses through the Coin, originating from the strand that extends away from it and towards Ranald's aethyric presence. The strands writhe and unfold, extending into the world around you and disappearing from view. You can feel reality ripple gently, but it's the gentle ripple that comes from something very, very large moving beneath. As you watch, the tendrils ensnare probability and bend it into a new shape...

And then they stop, and withdraw into the coin, folding back in on themselves until they're contained once more within it, and reality settles down once more to its normal function.

You look around the bare room for any indication that anything has changed, but as far as you can tell everything is as it was. But the power of the Coin as it is currently set is to tip the odds at a key moment, so surely it must have done something. Though come to think of it, you did entreat its aid for the task of examining itself. And you suppose it is rather lucky that you just so happened to be watching it as it activated. Is that what it did? Intervene so that when it did intervene, it would be when you were watching?

You're starting to develop a headache. You suppose this sort of recursiveness is what you get when you turn an artefact against itself.

Your second approach is to use the Coin as a locus to examine Ranald Himself, which is technically something you could do using your own link with him, but looking inwards like that requires a lot of meditation and focus to get good results and being completely centered gets in the way of reaching conclusions. Even with the Coin, it's an effort to give the Aethyr a proper study rather than snatching a glimpse at a time, as even though Magesight is not restricted to the normal three dimensions, your brain tends to insist that it should be, and doesn't like to interpret the information it garners. But over a series of prolonged meditations on the Coin, you start to gather impressions of what it connects to.

A God, it is sometimes said, can be compared to a mortal being in the same way that the sun can be compared to a smouldering ember. You doubt that it was meant literally, but from looking Ranald-wards, you start to think it might be on to something. The fragment of the being you can see does not look materially different from the soul of the beings around you, just - 'just'! - astonishingly greater in size and intensity. Though you suppose you can't be sure that you're looking at Ranald Himself, you could be looking at the outermost edge of Ranald's domain within the Aethyr. Though you must admit you don't even know enough to say whether that's a meaningful distinction.

Then, one morning as you mentally prepare for another day spend gazing into the Warp, someone hands a letter that's come all the way from the Empire to Wolf to bring up to you. It's not the same stationery the College uses, the handwriting is atrocious, and it seems that at some point it had an unfortunate encounter with a puddle. You carefully unpeel the brittle envelope and extract the letter within.

To my very dear friend, it begins, and most of the ink after that has smeared beyond recognition. One single word, left miraculously untouched in the middle of the mess of stains, remains legible: don't. And at the very bottom, it is signed Yours most sincerely.

The name below that, you're quite sure, is Ronald. But the handwriting makes it very, very easy to mistake that O for an A.

Your first reaction is a blend of surprise, disappointment, and perhaps just a touch of fear. You'd embarked on this course of action honestly believing that Ranald wouldn't have a problem with your explorations, though to be fair to Him, a polite letter is possibly the gentlest form of divine disapproval imaginable. And the more you think about it, the more clear His message seems: He objects specifically to your study of Him. Which is odd, because you shouldn't be able to get that from a single word. You're pretty sure Ranald is cheating. You're also pretty sure that He could have had the letter spell that out for you, instead of somehow communicating a subconscious suggestion as to the full meaning. Ranald does like to be dramatic from time to time, and don't is quite memorably laconic.

Message quite received, you double-check the envelope, decipher the handwriting, and have the letter sent back to the Empire to return to its correct course to one Matilda Wesser.

---

Back during the Battle of the Caldera, anything from Under-Karagril that survived first it being conquered by Clan Mors and then by the Dwarves was piled up and put aside for your attention. The only piece of attention you've been able to spare it was skimming through it to make sure none of it would decompose or detonate, and ever since it's been piled up and waiting for a spare moment. And now, through the magic of delegation, it will finally be seen to.

[Rolling...]

The final report is largely a long list of bizarre junk more suited to a carnival's freak show or a dilettante's cabinet of curiosities than any serious laboratory, but after the trash is discarded the more valuable items show themselves. It seems Clan Moulder demanded the best of equipment and their tendrils stretched far and wide to achieve this, as a shocking amount of equipment bears the marks of smiths, factories, and glassblowers from human nations throughout the Old World. They require thorough cleaning, then purification in fire, then a close examination on your part to determine no taint has slipped through, but after you're satisfied with their cleanliness you pick out the few choicest parts for your own laboratory and then allow the remaining to be shipped north in a slightly precariously-piled wagon. In the coming weeks, you receive a note of thanks from the College's Archivist thanking you for the pieces that the Colleges decided were of use, as well as a small purse from the sale of the remainder, helpfully pre-tithed for your convenience. You're a little disappointed that there weren't fresh tidbits to add to your research burden, but considering how cluttered your vault still is, perhaps that's for the best.

[Profit from Clan Moulder devices: 4 College Favour, 114 crowns.]

Your second piece of delegation was having Johann take Adela under his wing and teach her what he knows of engineering, as she's been cut off from the informal education she'd been receiving by the presence of thousands of curmudgeonly traditionalists. Johann might not be an engineer, but he did receive a firm education in the basics from the Gold College, who have quite the grasp of things like metallurgy and chemistry and their many applications. From what you pick up when you visit your library, Johann might not be the best teacher but Adela is an eager student, and hungry for any scrap of knowledge she can get. Between the scraps the Dwarves allow her to pick up and the information she's picking up from the Gunnery School and from Johann, she might be able to achieve a truly unique insight.

[Teaching: Johann's learning, 35+16+2(Library: Chamon)=53.]
[Being taught: Adela's Learning, 62+19+14(Library: Engineering)=95.]
[Getting along: Johann's Diplomacy, 33+19=52.]
[Adela's trait upgraded: Adaptable Mechanic: Adela has begun to fuse the engineering knowledge of the Dwarves and the Empire with the insight of the Gold Wizards.]

The rest of your time is spent split between two projects, switching between them whenever one begins to grow tiresome. The first is the complete book on the We, your notes finally completed after having determined by process of elimination how they communicate amongst themselves. Well begun is half done, or so they say, and in that spirit you properly collate and cross-reference the notes of yourself and Esbern and Seija, as well as the previous papers on the subject. You spend some time searching for a book to act as a template, deciding against taking inspiration from bestiaries in favour of ones on foreign but not necessarily hostile sentient species. Thanks to Qrech's taste in reading materials, you find an ideal template in one of the more sympathetic titles on the physiology and society of the Ogre Kingdoms, and the skeleton of the title takes rapid form.

The other project is the establishment of a proper 'firing range' for the Wizards of the Karak. The first step would normally be a survey of the Winds to find an appropriate place, but with the Karags doubling as Waystones, the local Winds are as steady and uniform as one could hope for. So with your pick of locations, you try to balance accessibility with proper distancing from the local population, both for safety and to avoid disquieting them with some of the more esoteric spells. You eventually settle on a small rocky valley between Karag Nar and one of the lesser peaks that surround it, not too far a walk from the Halflings' paths but not visible from their fields. It takes shockingly little Dwarf labour to level a long section of the valley and set up a gravel butt at the end, and though you envisioned some man-shaped targets, possibly with inverted buckets for heads, you consider how long they'd last against some of Adela's more rambunctious displays and instead settle for simple and easily replaceable wooden targets.

That part takes very little of your time; what takes more of it is being a good example for your Ducklings and hoping they follow suit, and firing off a barrage of pointed invitations to that effect. Adela shrugs them off completely, and it might be that you're not going to be able to get her away from your library without a crowbar, but Hubert and Gretel prove more amenable. Hubert's still sticking to Lightning Bolt, but he's developing extremely good aim with it, and if he is going to be a one-trick pony, that's one hell of a trick. But it's Gretel that really impresses you, as she uses the target range to learn, practice, and swiftly master a spell that coats an area in frost that wraps itself in tendrils around anything in the area. And as you volunteer to experience, it also comes with a rather shocking sensation of impending doom that has you fighting against the encroaching frost to summon Branulhune before you remember it's only a test. You're sure it would be quite devastating to anyone without a Wizard's mental discipline, especially since they won't know it's coming, and you also imagine that Gretel's comrades in the Besiegers would be able to take advantage of the induced paralysis to fulfil the doom that the spell promises. All in all, you're very happy with the result of your efforts.

[Hubert target-shooting: Hubert's Martial, 57+18=75.]
[Adela target-shooting: Adela's Martial, 2+17=19.]
[Gretel target-shooting: Gretel's Martial, 100+18=118.]
[Gretel learns and masters spell: The Icy Grip of Death.]

---

Thus concludes the work Mathilde performed these past months, but not every waking moment was filled with work. With whom did she spend her free time, this past year? The four with the most votes will be chosen, not counting those locked in.

[+] The Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks (locked in)
[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)
[+] EIC Reports (does not cost a choice)

Romance
Any victors from the below will trigger a subvote for how you'll spend time with them. For everyone but Panoramia and Johann, this is getting to know them better to see how compatible you might be. For Panoramia and Johann, it will be a first tentative expression of interest. While this would not be a soft-lock, it could be awkward to walk that back if Mathilde decides her heart lies elsewhere.
[ ] [ROMANCE] Journeywoman Panoramia
[ ] [ROMANCE] Magister Johann
[ ] [ROMANCE] Elector Countess Roswita van Hal
[ ] [ROMANCE] Baron Anton Kiesinger II
[ ] [ROMANCE] The Ice Dragon of Karag Zilfin
[ ] [ROMANCE] Chief Bombardier Oswald Oswaldson

Fellow Wizards
[ ] Gretel, who's apparently spending her newly-earned wealth to make herself at home.
[ ] Hubert, as he settles in to his niche with Ulrikadrin.

Karak Eight Peaks Notables
[ ] Elder Hluodwica, High Priestess of Esmerelda and civilian leader of the Eight Peaks Halflings.
[ ] Francesco Caravello, proud Viceroy of the Undumgi.
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart, leader of the frontier town of Ulrikadrin.

Foreign Relations
[ ] Barak Varr, to watch the progress of the canal.
[ ] Karak Kadrin, to get to know the leaders of the Expedition.
[ ] Stirland, to see for yourself how the war against Sylvania is progressing.

Friends Abroad
[ ] Kasmir, to see how he's keeping himself busy in Sylvania.
[ ] Julia, to see what she has gotten up to as Stirland's most experienced spy master.
[ ] Wilhelmina Hochschild, to check in on her and see how she feels about the Marienburg situation.
[ ] Eike Hochschild, to get to know your future business partner.

Following Up
[ ] Regimand, to finally get the full story behind the Lahmian plot you were both ensnared by.
[ ] The Amber College, to check in on the salamanders.
[ ] Follow up on your donation of the Skaven organ-vat, and see what has been made of it.
[ ] Pay a visit to your fief, to see if anything has changed. It probably hasn't.
[ ] Do a round of the Colleges to check how the Rooms of Calamity are being received.

[ ] Other (write in)


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- If you have any ideas for other potential social actions, please feel free to suggest them.
- I have made some changes to how many enchanted items Mathilde can have on her person. The details of these can be found at the top of the Collection of Important Information threadmark.
  </body>
</html>