<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Two)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Two)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Split the Party+Immediate Result Stuff</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[] Plan Split the Party<br/>
-[] Assign Unassigned Battle Brothers (44) To Companies (Write-In Battle Brother Allotment) [] Assign Unassigned Battle Brothers (44) To Companies (2nd Company 22 , 4th company 22 )<br/>
-[] Assign Epistolary Lucan to 1st Company<br/>
-[] Assign Epistolary Flekton to 2nd Company<br/>
-[] Assign Epistolary Rasmus to Honour Guard<br/>
-[] Assign 6 Thunderhawks to 10th Company’s Faith’s Horizon (6 Transporters)<br/>
-[] Assign 6 Thunderhawks to 2nd Company’s Unnamed Strike Cruiser/Blood and Iron (6 Gunships)<br/>
-[] Assign 6 Thunderhawks to 4th Company’s Burning Seeker (3 Gunships, 3 Transporters)<br/>
-[] Assign 6 Thunderhawks to 5th Company’s Great Father’s Fist (3 Gunships, 3 Transporters)<br/>
-[] Assign 8 Thunderhawks to 8th Company’s Rage of Erudition (8 Gunships)<br/>
-[] Name New Unnamed Strike Cruiser Blood and Iron<br/>
-[] The Hunt For Vandis: 2 Squads of 1st Company in Terminator Plate led by Chapter Master Gabriel, Honor Guard, Justinius and Apollo. Take 5th Company and fleet along with the Spiraling Fury and 2 escorts (x1 Gladius Frigate and x1 Hunter Destroyer) from 1st Company Fleet. Call in Derosa/Adrastia/Mechanicus if available. Use Minor Favor on Adrastia. Use Major Favor on Mechanicus.<br/>
-[] Hive Fleet Kraken Splinter Invasion: Assign Remainder of 1st Company, 2nd, 4th, and 10 Company<br/>
-[] Select Strength Trainer (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Apollo<br/>
-[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (191 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (13 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
-[] Use 191 Total Gene-seed. 191 for Normal. 13 for Psyker.<br/>
-[] (Write-in Option) Study Gene-Seed<br/>
- [] The Raven Aegis: The powers of the Warp and the daemons of Chaos are things that you know for a fact the Blood Ravens will face in the future. Creating talismans which would protect against such things would be incredibly valuable indeed. Justinius' successful efforts at using the materials of the fallen Avatars of Khaine from Craftworld Ulthwé has made him believe it possible to create such things. [50 BP Per Raven Aegis, Powerful Anti-Daemon/Warp Protection Talisman. x6 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Talisman. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation</b>.]<br/>
-[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Meridian/Junius)<br/>
-[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The Ravenous Spirit [500/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] Craft Relic Mark VIII 'Errant' Power Armor for Captain Tarkus (25 BP)<br/>
-[] Craft Raven's Aegis *NOTED ABOVE* (50 BP)<br/>
-[] Craft Psychic Hoods x10 (100 BP)<br/>
-[] Craft Force Weapons x6 (90 BP)<br/>
-[] Craft Multi-Melta x1 (10 BP)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Forge Work</u><br/>
Improvements and regular crafting completed.<br/>
Relic Armor: 1d100-&gt; 95 <b>Great Success!</b><br/>
Raven's Aegis: 1d100-&gt;74 <b>Success! +1 Raven's Aegis to Armory (Unassigned)</b><br/>
<br/>
<i>The Barding of Tarkus</i>: This masterful creation bears the engraved valorous deeds of Captain Tarkus of the Blood Ravens, along with zealous denials of the lies of traitors and madmen. A quirk of its manufacture has somehow further hardened the materials of its make, to the point of conferring greatly improved durability even amongst power armors, while its servos and artificial muscle fibres confer greater strength. Such magnificent armor inspires greater fervor in fellow sons of the Emperor in battle. (+1 Toughness, +1 Strength, Improved Resistance Against Anti-Armor Weaponry) <b>Currently Equipped By 5th Company Captain Tarkus</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Implantation+Recruitment Notes</u><br/>
Start of Turn Gene-Seed: 557<br/>
Implanting: 191 Neophyte [2nd Stage] / 2 Psyker [2nd Stage] / 11 Telepathica Recruits [2nd Stage]<br/>
Advancements: 191 Neophyte [2nd Stage] -&gt; 185 Scouts [1st Stage] / 2 Psyker [2nd Stage] -&gt; 0 Lexicanum / 11 Telepathica  Recruits [2nd Stage] -&gt; 11 Lexicanum*<br/>
Failures: 6 Neophyte [2nd Stage] / 2 Psyker [2nd Stage]<br/>
<br/>
Meridian*+Junius: 700 Aspirants Recruited [600/100 Split In Recruits]<br/>
*Captain Cyrus exercised authority as Master of Recruits, elaborated upon in update.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training Notes</u><br/>
Strength Training: 369+80+Apollo(30)=479/500<br/>
Ballistic Skill From 4 to 5: 84+55+Cyrus(25)=164/500<br/>
<br/>
<u>Armory Notes</u><br/>
775 Available:<br/>
- The Ravenous Spirit [500/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn [New Total/Turn = 825!]<br/>
- Ravens Aegis Creation: 73/100 Success! 1 Raven’s Aegis Created [50 BP]<br/>
- Craft Relic Mark VIII 'Errant' Power Armor for Captain Tarkus (25 BP) [Rolling Attempt Below]<br/>
- Craft Psychic Hoods x10 (100 BP)<br/>
- Craft Force Weapons x6 (90 BP) Unspecified, But Made Swords<br/>
- Craft Multi-Melta x1 (10 BP)<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Hunt For Vandis:</b><br/>
<u>Ground Troops</u><br/>
Specialized Detachment: 20 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chapter Master Gabriel, Honor Guard, Chief Librarian Justinius, Apollo.<br/>
5th Company: All<br/>
<u>Fleet Elements</u><br/>
1st Company: SC Spiraling Fury + 2 Escorts (1 Gladius/1 Hunter Destroyer)<br/>
5th Company: BB Litany of Fury + SC Rage of Erudition + SC The Great Father’s Fist + 7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<u>Favors Used</u><br/>
Minor Favor – Adrastia<br/>
Major Favor – Mechanicus<br/>
<br/>
<b>Hive Fleet Kraken Splinter Invasion:</b><br/>
<u>Ground Troops</u><br/>
1st Company: 22 1st Company Marines (20 TH Capable)<br/>
2nd Company: All<br/>
4th Company: All<br/>
10th Company: All<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fleet Elements</u><br/>
1st Company: BB Omnis Arcanum + 4 Escorts (2 Gladius, 1 Hunter Destroyer, 1 Nova)<br/>
2nd Company: SC The Howling Hatred + SC Ravenous Spirit + SC Blood and Iron + 6 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyer, x1 Nova<br/>
4th Company: BB Scientia Est Potentia + SC Burning Seeker + SC Legacy of Polonius + 6 Escorts (x2 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyer, x2 Nova)<br/>
10th Company: SC Faith’s Horizon + 3 Escorts (x2 Gladius, x1 Nova)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>GM Note<i>: Check spoilers above for forged stuff, recruitment, detachment information, and more. Voting Moratorium For 12 Hours. </i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
The Fabricator-General was, as it turned out, more than eager to quickly excise what leverage the Blood Ravens could hold over him. To assail a purveyor of Chaos, a known thief and heretic, was pious work besides. As such, when the call came through, and a discussion of the unknown capabilities and status of the system within was had, Zerann made use of their copious shipyards. To lose even a single one of the remaining venerable ships of the Blood Ravens, especially the newly christened <i>Blood and Iron</i>, would of course certainly offend those who worshipped the Omnissiah. After all, the vast majority of the ships helmed by the Blood Ravens and their serfs had been built there. Much as Mars and other worlds with the correct patterns and constructor manufactorums mourned each death of the legendary Baneblades, so too did Zerann mourn the death of the ships they crafted. Out on the Eastern Fringe, every ship was a vital lifeline to the rest of the Imperium, the rest of the galaxy. Or, at least, every Imperial ship was. Other vessels of the vile xeno races were abominations before the Omnissiah’s holy gaze, that they existed at all an insult to the cult of the machine and pursuers of the Motive Force.<br/>
<br/>
Yet, even such vile mockeries of more…pure…interpretations of technology could have their uses.<br/>
<br/>
As such, Phokas delivered unto the Blood Ravens what they had already given to the Mechanicus.<br/>
<br/>
“I recognize those profiles, or at least some of them,” Martellus mused, the Master of the Forge having come up to witness the delivery of the Mechanicus.<br/>
<br/>
“Me too,” Tarkus nodded as he leaned against the projector of the various holographic pict-screens that rotated through the air. “They look like portions of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed,” the Magos at the head of the delivering Mechanicus fleet nodded, the image flickering slightly as they did so.<br/>
<br/>
Identifying themselves only as Trigan-Delta-14, it was clear that they had been a member of the Mechanicus for quite some time, centuries at the least. Not a hint of their skin or flesh remained visible, and when they shifted their weight it was far more heavy than the shape and size would imply. But of course all was hidden beneath their crimson and bronze robes. Their voice remained flat, completely without emotion, with the occasional flickers of binary emitting from the attendant servo skulls floating by their shoulders that were incomprehensible to all but the Techmarines. But far more important were the various metallic carcasses that they had towed with them from Zerann.<br/>
<br/>
“The space hulk has been fully disassembled, tainted and accursed monolith that it was, with the true gifts of the Omnissiah extracted from within and falsehoods removed,” TD14 announced. “The Fabricator-General has seen fit to use that which was impure as pyres that may redeem their misbegotten existences.”<br/>
<br/>
With that said, the dozen cobbled together craft ignited their engines and pushed across the intervening space between the fleets of the Mechanicus and the Blood Ravens from the former towards the latter. None were of human origin, which only made sense. No doubt whatever reclaimable ships of the now recycled <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> that could be, had been. That which remained were only vile alien vessels and technologies, which were offenses to the Adeptus Mechanicus. None of them were greenskin ships, as those were better used as the scrap they were as fuel for the foundries, but the exact origins of many were unknowable entirely. Perhaps the races that they had come from no longer existed, or hadn’t yet. Such was the nature of the Warp and a space hulk which spent unknowable eons within it between its bursts into the Materium. But nevertheless, the technological mastery of the frontiersmen tech priests of Zerann had managed to get them to work, at least enough for their purposes. Even cursory scans showed the reduced structural integrity of the ships, as well as several notable and easily identifiable items which were packed to the brim. Radiological and chemical warnings burst into being on the pict-screen.<br/>
<br/>
“Fire ships?” Gabriel asked, raising an eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
“Affirmative, Chapter Master Angelos,” TD14 nodded. “Most are supplied with standard plasma bombs and incendiaries, as per the concepts devised in the Gothic War and past conflicts. Precise cutting methods should ensure that the destruction of their hulls provides further destruction.”<br/>
<br/>
They’ve made a dozen escort ship sized fragmentation explosives.<br/>
<br/>
“You said most,” Martellus spoke up, touching the haptic interface to center the pict-screen’s tactical display on to a trio of ships in particular, cruisers to their peer’s escort tonnages. “But the scans on these have different results than the others. Not to mention the obvious differences in weight and size.”<br/>
<br/>
“…Affirmative,” TD14 nodded again after a short pause. “These ships bear…newly revised explosives based upon the principles of certain forms of Nova Cannon armament and the graviton weaponry recently recovered by Forgeworld Aerus.”<br/>
<br/>
“Gravity-based Nova Cannon warheads,” Martellus summarized before turning to Gabriel. “These should prove…particularly potent, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
The fact that Forgeworld Zerann was clearly using the grudge of the Blood Ravens against Vandis to test out not-quite-experimental weaponry was not mentioned. It was both obvious and accepted as a matter of course. The three ships carried extremely powerful explosives indeed. They would have to be rationed, if used at all.<br/>
<br/>
“The ex-Governor was not an amicable ally to the Forgeworlds,” TD14 let loose what sounded like a guttural set of grinding gears that Gabriel took a moment to realize was the equivalent of a sniff. “He presumed his ownership over the holy Angel Forge granted him insight into the Omnissiah that he did not have.”<br/>
<br/>
The Magos leaned in, the red and green glow of their cybernetic ocular replacements intensifying slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“It is the hope of Zerann that the Blood Ravens shall prove lasting and significant chastisement.”<br/>
<br/>
“And command of these ship is accomplished…?” Martellus spoke up again.<br/>
<br/>
“With slaved servitor crews,” TD14 leaned back, “The command codes have been transferred to you. They can only follow the most simplistic of commands, but should serve their purposes well enough.”<br/>
<br/>
Shortly afterwards, the ships of the Mechanicus departed, leaving their gifts behind and favor fulfilled. Ordinarily, twelve ships, would be a tremendous investment of effort and work for Zerann. But that would have been for vessels meant for centuries or longer of work. Fire ships were suicide vessels, designed and prepared solely for immediate destruction by way of striking other targets and detonating. The Blood Ravens were, effectively, providing trash disposal and testing new weaponry for the Mechanicus. But Gabriel could easily see their value. Even if not ships of the line, such ships could at the very least provide a screen for more valuable vessels when penetrating the gravity reefs surrounding Vandis’ stronghold. The destruction of defenses or enemy ships if any as well.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mechanicus Major Favor Utilized: 12 Fire Ships Received, 9 Standard/3 Experimental. Standard Fire Ships are capable of instantly destroying escorts and heavily damaging or even crippling capital ships if successful enough on their detonations. The experimental Fire Ships provided utilize Graviton/Nova Cannon technologies and are cruisers in tonnage compared to the escort tonnage standards. Experimentals are deemed likely to be either completely useless or startlingly potent. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================​</div><br/>
“Inquisitor Adrastia,” Gabriel greeted as he loomed over the Inquisitor in question.<br/>
<br/>
“Gabriel,” Adrastia returned with something approaching a smile on her severe face.<br/>
<br/>
It had been a considerable amount of time, all things considered, for those who were not enhanced as the Emperor’s Angels of Death, since Inquisitor Adrastia had last come to Subsector Aurelia. Were it not for the loyalists of the Blood Ravens, it might have been a fatal last time. Yet, at the same time, it had been Adrastia’s power as an Inquisitor which had halted the Exterminatus fleet from destroying Calderis and Meridian. Here, now, she stood within the docking bay of the <i>Litany of Fury</i> with her hands on her armor-clad hips. Behind her was her retinue, made up of a distracted looking Tech-Priest who was busy looking over a plasma gun in their mechadendrites, a Sister of Battle clearly of the Orders Hospitaller that watched them warily, a twitching man with a band of crackling metal over empty eye-sockets and a staff, and a rather familiar man dressed in the manner of an Inquisitorial Storm Trooper.<br/>
<br/>
“Colonel Merrick,” Apollo tilted his chin upwards slightly at the man. “I’d heard you were missing in action.”<br/>
<br/>
“Heh, got found, my lord,” the weathered veteran of the 85<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Vendoland grinned back before it slipped into a melancholic frown. “For all the good it did my boys and girls.”<br/>
<br/>
“You have my sympathies, colonel,” Gabriel bowed his head.<br/>
<br/>
The Hrud had seen to the disgraceful end of the 85<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Vendoland, years ago. Proud soldiers of the Imperium aged into uselessness, dying in hospice from various age-related difficulties rather than in battle. By now, Colonel Merrick was surely the last of regiment’s old incarnation, as by now the 85<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> had likely been reconstituted anew. That he stood before the Blood Ravens once more, still appearing as only a middle aged mortal human man despite battling those same Hrud? Was no doubt the result of advanced rejuvenat treatment as befitting a valuable servant of the Inquisition.<br/>
<br/>
“…appreciate it my lord,” he said, holding in well-worn grief with remarkable stoicism.<br/>
<br/>
“Still,” Gabriel then looked back at Adrastia, “I was not…expecting you to come in person.”<br/>
<br/>
“Vandis is a known heretic, as is House Vandis,” Adrastia replied crisply, “They purged their records when they fled Meridian to cover their tracks. Marcus Vandis may be the only connection to other possible heretics spread throughout the Sector and beyond, for we know well enough he had many associate spread throughout the Imperium and beyond.”<br/>
<br/>
The Inquisitor crossed her arms over her chest, one eyebrow raised beneath her hat.<br/>
<br/>
“As such, we will be taking him alive if at all possible.”<br/>
<br/>
There was a sudden stilling amongst the Blood Ravens within the hangar, for now as ever there was a spark of pride in them that burned when ordered by those not their own. Worse, the former Governor was a thief and coward who had dared to take of the Blood Ravens, and as such deserved only a swift death. Tarkus, of them all, visible bristled in his armor. It had been he who had been forced into the warehouse by the greenskins when left to guard it, who had witnessed the revolting trophies within that had terminator armor as pride of place.<br/>
<br/>
But as Gabriel nodded, the tension was choked out of existence by his assent.<br/>
<br/>
“If at all possible, Inquisitor.”<br/>
<br/>
The aid of the Inquisition could be a great boon, their resources and reach often remarkable, yet even that could not be gained without a considerable price. Besides which, Gabriel actually agreed with her. If Vandis had not become some sort of monstrosity or creature otherwise incapable of proper interrogation, then the efforts of the Inquisition could surely extract much valuable information to use against the servants of Chaos. Possibly also even those who had not sworn themselves but remained associates of heretics nonetheless. House Vandis had been startlingly well-connected in the past, and while there had been a great purging of their web of connections, the possibility was strong that others had gone undiscovered.<br/>
<br/>
Another few seconds passed in silence before Adrastia smirked.<br/>
<br/>
“Hopefully we’ll have better success with him than was had with Kyras,” she huffed before turning slightly back towards the Valkyrie that had brought her there and gesturing towards her retinue. “Though you’ve met Merrick,” her lips quirked again, “The rest of my retinue bears introduction.”<br/>
<br/>
Said retinue straightened up slightly at her words, the Tech-Priest placing the gun back within their billowing red robes.<br/>
<br/>
“Enginseer Narchus,” she paused as the Tech-Priest bowed to them before moving on, “Sister Amelia,” the Sister of Battle nodded curtly, “And Savant Militant Tethi,” the psyker twitched a bit more violently at his name.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel cast his eyes upon them all, though found his vision ever so slightly burning when his gaze alighted squarely on the psyker, the sensation only leaving when his eyes moved on. Their skills were likely beyond doubt, if Adrastia had taken them into her retinue. Then Gabriel looked past them, past their Valkyrie transport, and to the ship beyond. There, hanging in the void, rested a venerable and dangerous looking Vengeance-class Grand Cruiser, whose transponder codes identified it as the <i>Sword of Reckoning.</i> Further auspex scans declared that it had been thoroughly modified, with massively increased armor plating, shielding, and firepower befitting an Avenger-class Grand Cruiser being the most obvious. The <i>Sword of Reckoning, </i>being an Inquisitorial vessel, likely held many more secrets than such outwardly obvious markers. No escort ships had accompanied it, and instead the Grand Cruiser had slipped forth from the warp completely alone.<br/>
<br/>
“You’ve upgraded,” Gabriel then said with a low chuckle. “When we met last, your personal vessel was a Lunar-class.”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, well,” Adrastia blew some air through her nose sharply, “While I could not capture Kyras alive, my investigation was well-received enough.”<br/>
<br/>
“Course, we also-,” Merrick began to say before Adrastia’s hard eyes landed on him, causing the veteran to snap his jaw shut with a click of teeth.<br/>
<br/>
Adrastia was moving up in the ranks of the Inquisition then, which only made sense. It had been many decades since they had last interacted. One did not survive being an Inquisitor that long without advancing, as the only alternative was quite simply to die or suffer worse fates. No doubt she had done much of the grim work of the Ordo Hereticus in that time. Enough to be granted such a venerable ship, at least.<br/>
<br/>
“As it is, Gabriel, this was all I could bring forth in such a short period of time,” she shrugged. “I do not yet possess more than a single regiment of Inquisitorial Storm Troopers, and they act as my vessel’s void troopers and guards for prisoners,” she then pursed her lips, gazing into the middle distance. “Unfortunately, General Castor is dead, and the Cadian 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> died to a man fighting on Cadia. The Wild Hunt is gone. Cadians across the galaxy are being recalled to their homeworld.”<br/>
<br/>
“It is more than we expected, and any aid at all is appreciated, Inquisitor,” Gabriel inclined his head once more.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmph,” Adrastia shook her head. “Vandis has had almost a century since fleeing Subsector Aurelia to build up his defenses and forces, is known to have willingly collaborated with the Black Legion, and his House who knows how long before that. They could have built up an entire colony or more within the system as a private holdout that they did not have to tithe from,” she looked back up at Gabriel grimly. “And you have only a few more marines than you did when you faced Kyras.”<br/>
<br/>
She very pointedly glanced at the bionics that replaced a considerable portion of Gabriel’s face, the most obvious remnant of his near death at the hands of the daemonic traitorous Chapter Master. A number of the greatest veterans of Gabriel’s forces had died in that climactic fight, many suffering wounds that pushed beyond what the sus-an membrane could manage. Not just battle-brothers, but close friends, who had fought under him even before Cyrene. Jonah Orion among them, who had distinguished himself against the Hive Mind, only for daemons to rend him apart while in suspended animation upon the cracked molten earth.<br/>
<br/>
“Vandis may have allied himself with the dread powers of Chaos, but now he faces Blood Ravens who have survived the crucible. A chapter united, in brotherhood, in loyalty, in purpose. And we are not without our allies this time either.”<br/>
<br/>
Adrastia just raised an eyebrow. She had no doubt seen the waiting Fire Ships when she’d arrived.<br/>
<br/>
“Quite.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Inquisitorial Forces Added To Vandis Assault Force</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
“I never thought to see one in person,” Martellus spoke in awe as he stared at the pict-screen, as did everyone else in the strategium.<br/>
<br/>
“I have, in the past, but only rarely,” Gabriel murmured as he leaned forward to more closely examine the small fleet which had emerged into the Materium a short distance away from the Blood Raven ships.<br/>
<br/>
At the center of the new arrivals was the object of the Master of the Forge’s wonder, an increasingly rare pattern of vessel in the Imperium. Its body was weathered and scarred, heavily, a legacy of wounds and wars laid upon its metal hide from thousands of years of service. Yet its reactors still burned strong, its scars cosmetic rather than evidence of major structural damage, and though it bore few weapons at all it was still a massive vessel. The size of it was staggering, which only made sense considering just what it was.<br/>
<br/>
“A Galaxy-class Troop Transport,” Martellus said slowly, shaking his head, eyes wide indeed within his helmet. “That is…remarkable. Each Galaxy-class is capable of hefting four entire regiments of the Imperial Guard, support staff and campaigning supplies included.”<br/>
<br/>
There were other troop transports as well, but all were dwarfed before their ancient cousin. Surrounding them all was the rest of the flotilla. An Emperor-class Battleship sat the forefront, with two smaller Avenger-class Grand Cruisers and a handful of Lunar-class cruisers as well, all with a small cloud of escorts. It was not the mightiest fleet that Gabriel had ever seen in his life as a space marine, but even a single ship could make the difference in times such as these.<br/>
<br/>
“Incoming vox, Chapter Master,” the serf manning the comm station announced. “With vid-cast.”<br/>
<br/>
“Put it through,” Gabriel declared.<br/>
<br/>
Depicted in flickering green by the holo-projector was another familiar face. His upper torso was covered in more medals than the last time that they had met, but other than a few grey streaks upon his head Admiral Graves of Battlefleet Korianis barely seemed to have aged. This time, of course, his pict-cast was not joined by the scowling face of a Sister of Battle to the side.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Angelos, it seems we have been brought together once more to fight against the enemies of the Emperor,” Graves inclined his head slightly as the connection stabilized.<br/>
<br/>
“Admiral Graves,” Gabriel greeted back, “I am happy to receive the aid of the Imperial Navy once more, though…I certainly was not expecting it. Was the Imperial Navy not preparing to regroup and rebuild to face the Saharduin?”<br/>
<br/>
Graves grimaced, his shoulder slumping slightly before he straightened.<br/>
<br/>
“For the most part, yes, but thankfully my fleet was held in reserve, and thus not committed to that fighting before it all went wrong,” he scowled at the thought of so many destroyed ships and lost crews, before brightening slightly. “But Governor Derosa was able to shake us loose rather than have us sit around for years waiting for the new offensive.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel, as well as numerous other Blood Ravens on the bridge, blinked in surprise.<br/>
<br/>
“Governor Derosa?”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh yes,” Graves lifted an eyebrow. “She has been moving heaven and earth to rally against Vandis. One would almost think that she has a grudge against the man. In point of fact…,” he gestured to somewhere off-screen, at which point a brother and sister pair dressed in officer’s uniforms stepped into view. “House Derosa is being represented rather directly.”<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Angelos!” The brother and sister saluted in unison, boots thumping against the earth, before relaxing their stances ever so slightly.<br/>
<br/>
Immediately, Gabriel could tell what Graves had meant. Both of them bore an unmistakable resemblance to none other than Elena Derosa herself. The brother bore a deep scar along his face from forehead to chin, the sister a burst pattern on the left side of her face a clear sign of surviving an explosion at close range. Nor were such scars the cosmetic creations that were often purposefully taken on by certain foolish members of Imperial militaries or nobility to make them appear as veterans or simply as incomprehensible fashion statements. Gabriel could tell, even across the stellar distance, that these were real.<br/>
<br/>
“I am Colonel Gabriel Derosa, Chapter Master,” the brother introduced himself, his voice a clear strident bell, “In command of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Meridian Consolidated.”<br/>
<br/>
“And I am Colonel Arama Derosa,” the sister spoke in a remarkably gravelly rasp, “In command of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Meridian Consolidated.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel very carefully did not wince, nor react openly in any other measure at the very, very obvious legacy behind their names. The name Gabriel was not entirely uncommon, at least upon the planets of Meridian, and once upon Cyrene and Aurelia before those worlds were lost. Arama, however, was a name more common to Calderis, not Meridian at all. More importantly, Gabriel knew exactly how the Colonel of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Meridian had gotten her name, who she was named for, and he earnestly did not wish think any more on it. Aramus had wavered too close to the line, it had to be done!<br/>
<br/>
“You are Governor Derosa’s…,” Gabriel trailed off meaningfully.<br/>
<br/>
“Children,” Arama confirmed with a curt nod. “I assure you, sir, we have served across over a dozen battlefields as part of the Imperial Guard, we are not fresh recruits.”<br/>
<br/>
“The Imperial Guard and House Derosa stands ready to extract vengeance against the traitors of House Vandis,” Colonel Gabriel cleared his throat. “We are prepared to fight and die as necessary.”<br/>
<br/>
“As are we all,” Admiral Graves said calmly, before a motion from him sent the Colonels off-screen once more. “I’m not entirely sure what Governor Derosa promised to Sector Command, but she managed to get my fleet moving and to recall a considerable number of Meridian’s regiments here. I’ll send you the data packet.”<br/>
<br/>
Captain Tarkus, standing nearby, could not help his mind from casting itself backwards to a specific memory. The words of the traitor Avitus, who he had slain, had not all been vile things. Before that fateful day, during the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Aurelian Crusade, Tarkus remembered the reactions amongst his fellow battle brothers when they’d learned of just how Elena Derosa had gotten the codes for Angel Forge. She had been nothing more than a foolish and obstructive bureaucrat from a minor noble house of Meridian up until that point. But then she had rallied the PDF of the planet to her side and stormed the manse of House Vandis, literally shooting her way inside with a plasma gun. It had been remarked, then, that she might have better served as a Sister of Battle than a mere Administrator. Though she was now the ruling Governor, Tarkus could see that same spark of ferocity within her bloodline, evident in at least two of her children.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. Prepare your ships, Admiral. I intend to proceed to 384A as quickly as possible.”<br/>
<br/>
“Lead the way, Blood Raven.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Imperial Guard and Imperial Navy forces added to Vandis Assault Force. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================================​</div><br/>
“Captain Cyrus…is this truly…,”<br/>
<br/>
“It is a cruel galaxy we live in, Sergeant,” Cyrus replied coldly.<br/>
<br/>
Before them, the largest number of recruits ever taken at once in the history of the Blood Ravens were being marshalled up the ramps onto many waiting thunderhawks. Above Meridian, the assembled fleets of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Companies waited above. Genetic purity had been determined of course, but charts and scans could only show so much. There was so much more that such scans and test tubes could not yet perfectly determine, such as willpower and the like. By while the standard Blood Trials had begun, by the orders of the Master of Recruits, the only one with such authority, the permanent end of those who failed was forestalled by the apothecaries. Instead, they were being taken up, many who ordinarily simply would not have made the cut given a chance out of desperation. Though some of the Blood Ravens alive today had faced the tyranids of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Aurelian Crusade, none had fought Great Devourer as much as Cyrus Octavius.<br/>
<br/>
And so standards were waived for the simple fact that they would need every pair of hands firing as many weapons as possible as they would get. It was why the armories had been completely emptied, all that was not given over to the Chapter Master and the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to punish Vandis given over to their own task force. The tyranids assaulting Subsector Mede greatly outnumbered those that had come to the Aurelian Subsector. Plasma guns, missile launchers, sniper rifles, and a truly impressive number of explosives and ammo.<br/>
<br/>
“Most of them will die. But better that they die defending the Imperium from the tyranids than in one of the endless scuffles in the Underhive over rusty scrap metal or drinks of clean water.”<br/>
<br/>
It was cruel, and went against his instincts as steward of the Chapter’s recruits and new blood, but against his centuries of experience in the Deathwatch and personal studies of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Tyrannic War such instincts were easily silenced. In the past, his fellow battle brothers, knowing nothing of the tyranids, had balked at his admission that he would have been willing to let an orkish WAAAGH!! fight freely to stop a splinter fleet. But he was now the Force Commander, no longer just a veteran scout sergeant, but now the Master of Recruits.<br/>
<br/>
“My decision is final,” he eventually said. “It will be a handful of months of travel through the Warp, and in that time they shall undergo intensive hypnotherapy rites. Their training shall be on the battlefields of Mede.”<br/>
<br/>
“…yes, Brother-Captain.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Captain Cyrus utilized authority as Master of Recruits to lower standards on recruitment in favor of more bodies for combatting tyranids in Mede Subsector. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================​</div><br/>
The gravity reefs were distressingly invisible to the naked eye. On the auspex, they showed up quite clearly, warping and twisting about in manners that by all rights should have been impossible according to the laws of physics as they were understood by the Imperium. Yet they remained present nonetheless. As had been stated before, small channels existed of somehow untouched space, or at least comparatively small on a stellar scale. Large enough for battleships and battle barges to move through, at the very least. Large enough for escorts to pass side by side, but not large enough for two cruisers at anything approaching safe distance from one another. Unfortunately, a single winding column was the only possible method of entering the system within.<br/>
<br/>
“Attention all ships,” Gabriel announced onto the fleet-wide vox. “We’re going in.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Librarius Scrying: 50</b><br/>
<br/>
Gabriel then turned towards the doors that opened onto the bridge, from which Justinus had just emerged. The Chief Librarian’s body and armor stank of psycho-reactive incense burned in pursuit of scrying rituals within the depths of the Librarium. Condensation dripped from him, as ice that had formed from nothing slowly began to melt. In the depths of the ship, numerous Librarians remained unconscious from the backlash of their ritual, success or no.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” Justinius rasped. “I have news.”<br/>
<br/>
“Enlighten me,” Gabriel raised an eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
“Vandis most definitely has sorcerous defenses,” Justinius wiped his brow, “But we managed as best we could.”<br/>
<br/>
“That is all I could ask of you.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Ground Assets</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Blood Ravens: 2 Squads of 1st Company in Terminator Plate led by Chapter Master Gabriel, Honor Guard, Justinius and Apollo/5th Company<br/>
Meridian: 15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) 1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)<br/>
Inquisition: Inquisitor Adrastia + Retinue of the Ordo Hereticus</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Fleet Assets</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Blood Ravens: 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet + SC Spiralling Fury + 1 Gladius/1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
Admiral Graves of the Imperial Navy: 1 An Emperor-class Battleship / 2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers / 8 Lunar-class Cruisers as well / 10 Frigates / 20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
Inquisition: 1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class. <br/>
Mechanicus: 9 Fire Ships (Escort Tonnage, Standard Load) / 3 Fire Ships (Cruiser Tonnage, Experimental Gravitic/Nova Explosives)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></b><br/>
<u>Approach Method Into System 384A</u><br/>
<b>Note</b>: Gravity reefs mean that ships outside of escort tonnage must proceed single file. Enemy defenses within system unknown. Defensive stations, enemy ships, mines, etc. possible, but potency and numbers if any unknown.<br/>
<b>Note</b>: With the bare success of the Librarius in scrying attempts, the following is known: Static defenses present, mobile defenses present. Precise strength unknown. Recommendation, at least 2 fire ships at forefront of formation to take fire, or battle barge, due to expendable nature of former and sheer survivability/toughness of latter. WARNING: Vandis possesses at least moderate sorcerous defenses against psychic scrying/powers.<br/>
<b>Note: </b>Unattached Specialists Divided Automatically. Techmarines, Chaplains, and Apothecaries all seconded to Captain Cyrus and Mede Subsector. Master of Sanctity, unvoted on, chooses to join Cyrus. Librarius fully dedicates self to following Chief Librarian Justinius.<br/>
<br/>
[] Write-In Approach Method<br/>
<br/>
EX1: 2 Fire Ships at forefront, Blood Raven ships, then Imperial Navy, then Imperial Troop Transports and rest of Fire Ships.<br/>
EX2: Battle Barge at forefront, followed by X # of Fire Ships/Blood Raven Ships/ETC.</div>
  </body>
</html>