<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Battle of the Shirokij, Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Battle of the Shirokij, Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [GREY] Scouting the forest with the krugs
[*] [GOLD] Patrolling the path with the city rotas
[*] [ICE] Guarding the forest rotas as they expand and fortify the path

Tally



The decision is fairly straightforward: the Tzar has a distrust of magical women and the Ice Witches aren't especially mobile (except for Ljiljana, but her transformation into what she calls a 'Morozvolich' is likely to spook the horses of the Ungols), so it makes the most sense for them to work with the forest rotas - and with Boris, which Nadezhda seems nervously enthusiastic about. You want to leave at least one Wizard with the main body of the force and close to leadership, and if the Tzar has a problem with magic-using women, then he should find Johann refreshingly masculine - plus Johann would have trouble being an effective scout, and honestly his blindness is far from the biggest issue. More prominent than that is how very visible he fundamentally is. From the soul up he has been shaped by his desire to be seen, and everything he is rejects the entire concept of stealth.

For that reason, you find yourself among the krugs: the mostly Ungol nomadic communities of Kislev's oblasts. They do not maintain a distinct force that is sent off to battle as needed, as instead they go to war in almost their entirety, leaving only their oldest and youngest behind to watch over their herds. This far south the krugs speak a dialect of Gospodarinyi with only light influences from the Ungol tongue, so you're able to use your smattering of the language to find an ataman who knows fairly good Reikspiel, probably because of smuggling. There would be a fair bit of profit to be made in taking goods overland between the upper Talabec and Kislev City, and no exciseman would have a chance of successfully intercepting a krug on their own oblast. Though you haven't made as much of an impression as Johann, your proven ability to summon an inexhaustible horse from thin air means you have no need to prove yourself, and no objection is made as you attach yourself to the scouts that will be penetrating deepest into the forest.

---

[Fey scouting Kislev's forces outside forest: 14.]
[Scouting inside forest, Fey vs Krugs: 5 vs 55.]

In a shadowed copse, a spirit of spite and malice thinks and plots. It is far from the forests it knows, so it knows not what to expect of these manlings that are to be its prey. Are they Elf-puppets who have their weakest forces on foot and their elites on horseback and encased in metal? Or are they Dwarf-puppets who fight mostly on foot with the steel and gunpowder of their masters?

Information from scouting flows in, and only compounds the confusion as it tries to make sense of it all. The Household was finally responding to the torment of their southern neighbour, and they creep down the riverside path with axe and bow, tearing at the trees as they go. The axe is to be expected of those that dare harvest the forest, but the bow suggests these are Elf-puppets. But the scouts say that the few horses they ride are bare. So perhaps these are Dwarf-puppets? But the scouts see no sign of Dwarf-weapons, nor any sniff of the unnatural powders that fuel them. Doubt rises, but is brushed aside by impatience. Of course these manlings are ill-equipped, they are the Glade Guard of a single House. Does it matter whether they are particularly weak Elf-puppets or particularly weak Dwarf-puppets? They will feed the forest all the same.

Finally the last piece of the puzzle falls into place as the one who must be the local Highborn is identified by the armoured troops that surround it. The whiff of alien magic about its spear confirms it: this could only be the augured target of the hunt, the bearer of two intermingled royal bloodlines: one of the northern snow, one of the southern sands. A grin forms as forces begin to rally. Though the trees of this strange place are too deadened by the local magics to call for vengeance, they will still have it, and then one more tool of deliverance will be at hand.

---

Most Wizards would have overlooked the first signs of trouble, but most Wizards had not spent months in the heart of Laurelorn. When the first of the tiny nature-spirits began to hover through the branches, you pointed out the soft glow and told the ataman that it was a spy for the enemy. She does not hesitate, and a few murmured orders has the entire band draw bow and arrow from the holster and quiver on opposite hips, and a moment later a sheaf of arrows are sent whistling through the air to rattle through the boughs nearest to the spite. You cautiously advance and inspect the site, and from the bloom of scattered energies you're sure the spirit was at least injured by an arrow, if not entirely decorporealized. Messengers are sent off to warn the other scouts of what to look for as you consider the matter. If the enemy had used any kind of more traditional scouts, you'd be tempted to try to sneak up on one and incapacitate them for interrogation. But spites? Laurelorn only trusted spites because they were bound by the magics of the Grey Lords. The only beings that would trust the scouting of an untamed spite would be other forest spirits.

Word reaches you throughout the day of a number of similar encounters, both from the krugs and from the Kreml Guard. All of them end similarly: with the spirit watchers being chased off by the expert aim of Ungol warriors. You wonder if that would dissuade the enemy, but you suppose by Asrai standards their aim would be rather mediocre. In any case, you're not just preventing proper scouting but also bleeding the enemy of scouts they can't replace, as Loren Arhain is no friend to Athel Loren.

You're just starting to wonder where that thought came from when the horns begin to blow. You and the krug turn, and the Ungols quickly fall behind as the Shadowsteed easily outstrips the cautious trot of horses who need to be careful of their footing. As the trees thin out and eventually give way entirely to a field of felled trunks, you catch sight of the enemy immediately: a disorderly mob of vaguely humanoid beings of thorns and twisted wood, glowing with lilac energies, entangled in a melee with the Kislevite woodsmen. From what you can see their numbers are about even, and axe seems to bite into wood just as easily and often as talons do into flesh. Neither side shows any sign of being dissuaded, one as outraged by the felling of trees as the other is by enemies on their soil. In amongst them is Milica, a sword of ice in one hand and a swarm of frozen shards being fired from the other. By the river a knot of resistance has formed with the Kreml Guard split in half, one hacking at any of the Dryads that get near with their own axes and the other firing volley after volley into the river, which has been frozen solid with still more of the Dryads encased within, making easy targets. As you take in the battlefield with experienced eyes, you spot several problems.

In the river, one much larger being has torn itself loose of the ice and advances at a slow but unstoppable pace towards the Tsarevich: an entire ambulatory tree, perhaps thirty feet tall or more, with a rainbow of glowing spites warring with its lilac inner glow. Ljiljana stands among the Kreml Guard staring it down, and the energies of winter are beginning to grow within her.

You catch a glimpse of Boris himself among the Kreml Guard, and to your surprise he's not in the thick of battle, instead staring upward with spear in hand and a look of concentration on his face. You follow his gaze and see why: overhead is the hovering form of a Manticore, Chaos' mockery of the noble Griffon. It seems to be returning Boris' gaze, and seems about to swoop. Nadezhda is by his side, but her attention is on keeping the river in winter's grip, and may be unable to help.

On the path, a trio of the Dryads have not charged with their fellows, and Ghyran flows through them as they attempt to bend the forest to their will. When the scouts begin to return those three could prove easy prey for them, but to those without Windsight, they might seem a much lesser priority than the Dryads currently engaged - and if left unopposed, they could turn the tide of battle. Milica is closest to them, but is currently engaged with the Dryads in melee.

And above the din of battle and the whirling of magics and emotions, there are two undertones that are equally easy and impossible to ignore: the faint but growing sound of approaching horns from the rest of the Kislevite forces, and the dissonant note in the native energies of the forest. There is a wisp of Ulgu here that is very much not of the namesake of the forest, and the forest is resisting all attempts of it to blend in to its shadows, giving you tiny glimpses of it out of the corner of your soul. Somewhere out there, the source of today's violence is watching.

There is only one of you, and there are several places where you might make all the difference. Where will you lend your assistance?



[ ] Treeman
Face down the approaching Treeman with Ljiljana.
[ ] Manticore
Engage the swooping Manticore with Boris.
[ ] Spellcasters
Disrupt the trio of Dryad spellcasters before they can force the local trees to aid them.
[ ] Leader
Seek and engage the hidden watcher.
[ ] Reinforcements
Leave the battle to reach the approaching reinforcements, and use Rite of Way to speed their vanguard.
[ ] Other (write in)



- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- If you wish, the exact way that Mathilde engages a particular enemy can be written in. By default Mathilde will use my best judgement, but the creativity of the thread has worked wonders in the past.
- Part of this update was originally posted here.
  </body>
</html>