<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 21 - 2480 - Old Friends</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 21 - 2480 - Old Friends</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [SPIDER] They are foreign allies and thus the responsibility of Prince Kazrik.
[*] [KRAGG] Hit Hard
[*] Tower of Utter Neutrality - with rune and material and a great deal of care, make your Tower completely magically neutral. Large bonus to studying anything magical, small bonus to studying everything else from higher Magesight contrast. 250gc, 5 Dwarf favours.

[*] [RUNE] No purchase.
[*] [ENCHANTMENT] Grounding Rod
[*] [LIBRARY] Snakes And Swords
[*] [SHOPPING] A Marksdwarf Pistol.
Sword Training
Imperial Greatswording - Extensive/Esoteric Imperial -250g
Bretonnian Greatswording - Extensive Bretonnian - 100g

Snake Juice
Aethyr - Extensive/Antiquarian Imperial - 200g and 2 College Favor
The Warp - Extensive Imperial - 100g

Romance
Romance Novels, Varied - 50g



Karag Nar is, by Dwarven standards, not the most beautiful of mountains. If it stood alone perhaps it would be held in higher esteem, but among the Eight Peaks it was left fighting for fifth place. The towering might of Karag Zilfin, the majesty of Karag Lhune, the Silver Tarn of Karagril, the understated beauty of Kvinn-Wyr... how could Karag Nar compete?

Perhaps that's why the Dwarves didn't object to you changing the silhouette of Karag Nar by installing a tower atop it, but to you it's shot Karag Nar up to number one. It has a Wizard's Tower. Your Wizard's Tower.

While the creation of a tower atop a mountain itself is no mean feat, creating it to suit your needs is so much more so. Between their distrust for loose magic and their affinity for stone and metal, the ability of the Dwarves to shut all magic out of a particular location was far beyond that of the Empire. The College approach would be iron or lead, and in extreme circumstances a Gold Wizard to forcefully negate magical energies with Chamon. If that proved insufficient, the deep vaults underneath the largest Temples of Sigmar were the last resort, carved into natural stone and guarded by fanatics.

The oldest Dwarfholds predate the first arrival of Chaos in the world, and their Ancestor Gods are why they survived. Grungni taught them to delve deep tunnels under the strongest mountains, Valaya taught the Runes that would repel the terrible energies, and Grimnir led them in battle against the demons that sought to destroy what the ephemeral energies of the Warp could not reach. Even after so much of the knowledge of their Ancestor Gods had been lost, they remained more than able to design and build a tower proof against the eddies of the Winds of Magic. Their first recommendation is a few hundred feet of natural stone, but failing that, there are ways and means.

Limestone for the exterior, which gave the tower a pleasing greyish-white colour; but limestone remembers that it is the compressed skeletons of long-dead shellfish and corals, and thus has an affinity for Shyish. Beneath that, a thick layer of granite, which not only bears the weight of the tower but also remembers the heat of the volcano that birthed it, so is prone to absorbing Aqshy. And the innermost layer is marble - imported from Tilea and painfully expensive, but marble's long partnership with the human arts has given it a faint affinity for Azyr. Three layers of stone, each only permeable by one wind. Any human Wizard would deem this sufficient, but between the granite and marble, cut so thinly as to be transparent, a tiny layer of meteoric graphite, crystallized by the temperature and impact of its introduction to the world. It remembers the void between the stars where Chaos does not reign, and thus rejects the winds.

And this is merely a good start for Dwarven runecraft to build upon.

With Kragg occupied, it seemed best to approach Thorek about the magic-dampening runes, but just in case you send word through the Longbeard who bears the responsibility of ferrying food and ale to the workshop he has shut himself in. To your surprise Kragg emerges, blinking in the light and scowling, and after he climbs Karag Nar he glares at length at the tower as if it personally offended him. "It will have to do," is all he says, and every night he emerges again and frowns up at the sky. When Morrsleib is judged to be sufficiently waning, he clambers up temporary wooden gantries built sturdier than some cathedrals and carves a single massive rune so deep into the limestone that it penetrates into the granite, and in its place, drop by molten drop, gromril is introduced. Not the pure gromril that characterizes the greatest of runes and the mightiest of Anvils, but a touch of gromril, a little gold, and a lot of lead, mixed together in a clay imported from Cathay called kaolin. This was not to be a delicate and beautiful masterpiece; this was an oversized bastard of a rune that needed to be tough enough to weather every extreme the world regularly threw at mountain peaks.

You missed some sleep to watch as much of the process as you could, as normally runecraft of this calibre would be sealed away in workshops far from prying eyes. As far as you could tell, the entire process was a matter of incredibly intricate chiselwork and very carefully measured angles and setting up a temporary forge on the bare rock of the mountaintop to keep the bizarre alloy hot enough. And as far as you could tell, absolutely nothing magical was happening, right up until the very last night. With the sturdy but replaceable hammer he was using instead of his usual one - even when you're as careful as Kragg, you don't carry a tool up the side of a tower unless you're okay with dropping it - he carefully massaged the last drop of cooling metal into place, and leaned back against the ropes of his harness, giving a single, satisfied nod.

And in the space of a heartbeat, the entire tower changed.

To mundane eyes, nothing at all had happened, but between one instant and another the tower went from a mundane assemblage of different materials with varying amounts of background Winds, to a single unified object. You'd call it a magical object, except if anything it's the opposite, as the background magic that had clung to it puffs out in every direction, gently but firmly repelled.

You'd hoped to find some answers about the nature of runic magic, but instead Kragg had only given you more questions.

---

The work inside had largely been the work of a small swarm of Thorek's apprentices, who had thought themselves well accustomed to a harsh taskmaster but found their perspective suddenly and dramatically corrected by Kragg's eternally unsatisfied supervision. Instead of a single almighty rune, dozens ran through different parts of the Tower in something that could only be described as runic plumbing. The easy solution would be to make the floor slightly sloped, but Dwarves didn't believe in easy solutions for what was to be a Master's workshop, and instead of mere gravity a series of magic-repelling runes lined the top and bottom of each wall, propelling any loose magic towards a central drain where more runes would draw it downwards. Regular energies would be whisked away to be used elsewhere or discharged if unneeded, and any that weren't the eight Winds would be ejected outside into the open air. Not an ideal solution, but Dhar blew in from the Poles every day, and if you produced enough Dhar in this room that even the slightest of effects could result, you were doing something seriously wrong.

The finished interior of the room was rather disorienting at first, with marble floors and walls and ceiling, and the effect gave you a strange sense of vertigo - the Magesight equivalent of the ringing in one's ears when there was no actual noise to be heard. A gesture and a flick of your hand scattered wisps of Ulgu, and they drifted downwards to the floor and then were blown inexorably towards the central drain to be whisked away. Perfect.

Unfortunately, this latest work cannot be fulfilled by the timber of the Ulrikadrin. You make a trip to Barak Varr, and after a perusal of their weapon selection and an addition of a second pistol to your arsenal - this time one with custom bullets and spiral grooves down the barrel, the most accurate a one-handed weapon could possibly be without magical intervention - you make your way to the warehouses. Here, timber is left to age until suitable for use in ships - not Dwarven ships, but of the foreign ships that dock there and would be willing to pay to purchase appropriate materials for maintenance and repairs. The side-effect of that ageing was that the energies of the wood had faded over time, becoming magically inert instead of still showing the Ghyran of peaceful woods or the Ghur of wild forest. Working the wood introduced another snag, since even though the Dwarves were more than skilled enough at joinery that nails weren't necessarily needed, they still used metal to work the wood and more time had to pass for the Chamon to fade from the wood. That gave you all the furniture that would be needed. There was a glow-rune in each wall providing unnervingly even light, so no need for flames and their Aqshy. Tools were trickier - metal meant Chamon and your enchantment cantrips would introduce Ulgu, so you'll have to make do as best you can with glass and stone.

Finally the work is done, and the only magically active items the room will ever see are yourself and the mysteries you aim to unravel.

Compared to that, your other addition to your magical arsenal seems almost inadequate: the closest thing the Empire had to a mass-produced magical item, the humble earthing rod, or grounding rod to the Golds. Some prefer iron, others swear by rowan, and bone always has a few morbid fans. The more ostentatious gravitate towards jade and gold. But for you, simple, humble copper - light enough to keep on you, will bend rather than break if you fall on it, and just sturdy enough for use as a cudgel in the direst of circumstances. It would be overstating things to call it a product of enchantment, for it possesses no actual magic of its own, just an array of carefully-carved runes to make it even more conductive to magical energies than it naturally is. If you fumble a syllable or cramp on a gesture and a spell is about to become a snarl of chaotic energies located inconveniently within your torso, thrusting the rod into rock or soil was slightly better than using bare flesh and more reliable than prayer. Particularly nasty miscasts were prone to melting the runes, but grounding rods were easier to replace than torsos.

---

Six months prior, the Council's reporting was done on the march, and you'd assumed that would be the norm. Today it's taking place in a room off the Hall of the Moon, where the previous meeting was held. Nobody else seems to be showing any sign of surprise. Is this normal for Dwarven Councils, that they just go with wherever the King convenes it? You could ask, but you haven't cultivated an image of Grey Wizard smugness just to implode it by showing ignorance of cultural minutiae.

Instead of the plain wooden table that stood in the room previously, there's an enormous slab of pockmarked stone, the actual pockmarks filled in with some sort of clear resin so the surface of the table remains flat. After a moment you recognize it - a section of the original ceiling of the Hall of the Moon, which once showed the constellations of the night sky in a pattern of shimmering jewels, long since vandalized and looted by the greenskins. This close, you can see the scratches where claws or weapons had been jabbed upwards to pry the precious stones free. The restored hall outside the room might be looking to the future, but this table showed Belegar had no intention of forgetting the past, either.

"Right," Belegar says as he takes his seat at the head of the table. "Only the Engineering Bay is appropriate for a good eyeballing, so we'll not do the usual circuit." Okay, so the walking is the norm. Mental note: added. "Speaking of, go ahead." He gives the nod to Prince Gotri, who glances down at his notepad before placing it on the table and leaning forward.

"Right, so, I know I was the one that brought up the elevator thing-"

"Here we go," Dreng mutters.

"-but that doesn't mean there's a word for the whole debacle that isn't shoddy." He earns your glare for that, and he quails and mutters something apologetic - the Khazalid word for 'shoddy' also means 'man-made', and politeness would dictate he finds another way to express his displeasure.

Dreng takes full advantage of the opening. "If you'd prefer I let the fungus bloom until it had replaced every greenskin killed in the Battle of Karag Lhune-"

"I'd prefer that you didn't start a fire underground like-"

"Enough!" Belegar interrupted. It wasn't quite a yell, but it definitely made it clear that yelling was an option. "Gotri. Factual report."

"The fungus in the elevator shaft was, and as of half an hour ago, is aflame. I don't know where it's drawing air from, but it's turned the entire Karag into a chimney and my hangars are the opening."

Belegar's eyes turned to Dreng. "And you?"

"With the spiders gone, we're moving everyone in. We're moving women in. I tried having the fungus examined but some of it is razor-sharp and when we hauled the Loremaster back in he only had one rope still intact. It couldn't be left unchecked."

"A sound motive, but you're no longer a Ranger. You don't take the best solution you can at the time, you communicate and use all resources at hand."

Dreng's face twitched as a grimace was suppressed. "As you say, your Majesty."

"Prince Gotri, I take it this means the Engineering Bay remains incomplete?"

"We've got all the tools and materials on hand, but even when the smoke looks clear it'll have a Dwarf hearing colours and seeing sounds."

"Dreng, how'd your acquisitions go?"

"Karak Izor is building up too - with the amount of their population that came here, they want those that remain to punch as hard as possible. But the Hornhold came through for us - with Prince Ulthar's best wishes, just over fourteen hundred handguns."

"Prince," says Belegar. There's a question in his tone, but he doesn't elaborate.

Dreng pauses, searching for words. "Karak Hirn is in good spirits. Unified."

"Ah." There's none so tight-lipped as Dwarves when there's scandal in the air. "I assume you've distributed them as needed?" A nod. "See to the fire. There should be a ventilation cross-shaft near the top, if you can get that open it should draw the smoke. Failing that-" he pauses, thinking. "How is the Underway guard?"

"Well-stocked and uneventful," Dreng says, unsure.

"No, how far is it?"

"A third of the way to Karagril, right up against Kvinn-Wyr, all the way to Karak Azul."

"Scouted?"

"No tunnels bigger than my fist."

"Send a team of miners to see if they can trace back the air current. The Underway of my ancestors shouldn't be able to draw that much air, see where it's coming from. Let the fire burn itself out, and the moment it's out, any Dwarf of yours that knows a spanner from a spaniel, second them to Prince Gotri."

"Aye, your Majesty."

"Prince Kazrik, Princess Edda. How fare the Ulricans?"

They exchange glances, both seeing if the other is going to speak first, and as their gaze meets they look away again. The Princess sees your curious look as she searches for something else to look at and flinches away, failing her attempts to fight a blush as she realizes you were watching. "They're digging Clanholds," Prince Kazrik reports happily. "Well, not literally, they're building them out of trees. But they've been doing wonderful business with those trees and the first harvest has done well."

"Speaking of- no, first, tell me of business with the Ulricans," he says to the Princess, who's just managed to regain her composure.

"As Prince Kazrik said, their lumberyard is doing splendidly and they were more than happy to build on that profit with wagons." Prince Kazrik, you note. His proper title, but she couldn't help but emphasize it, in that 'look how completely formal my relationship with this person is' way. "They also agreed to take care of the stables on their end, and are importing," she glances down at her notes, "an 'Averland Longhorn' to help with that?"

"A type of cow," you say. "Tough, intelligent. Good for milk and for pulling carts."

She scrunches up her face. "Milk comes from goats. Anyway, we're completely off Barak Varr wagons now, and they're bringing it up the Blood River and unloading it at the Ulrikadrin docks."

"Grand. And our harvest?"

Princess Edda shuffles her papers. "The Halflings didn't have a full four seasons, but the Tilean grains thrived and that's the main thing - as long as we're self-sufficient for bread we can import fruits and vegetables. We're also set up to plant our own grains on the slopes between Karag Lhune and Karag Nar, that the Halflings say are too steep for them."

"Right. Prince Kazrik, head to the Hornhold and send my warmest regards, and keep an ear out. Have a quiet word with me before you go - there's some business that may not have reached Karak Azul. Princess Edda, head to Barak Varr and sound them out on the topic of buying their monitors. I want guns afloat between Ulrikadrin and Iron Rock, and if our supplies are moving on our own ships, it should slow the bleed of goodwill. Gunnars, how goes construction?"

"Completed," he says, the word thick with satisfaction.

King Belegar raises an eyebrow. "You said two years."

"I did, and it would have been if it weren't for Master Mathilde. She's familiar with the Empire's Morr, and helped me put the human dead to rest in a timely fashion. All those who fell in the Expedition are now safely at rest."

"Of course you would be - the Sylvania business. If I give you my thanks any more often it'd save time to just leave them in your care permanently. Gunnars, see to the Temple of Grungni. Karak Azul may be able to supply expertise. If the desecration the greenskins performed cannot be reversed, find how best to seal it and we'll need to build a new one elsewhere. Master Mathilde, how's the business with the spiders?"

"They've settled in nicely in the Hall of Pillared Iron. The circlet from the Amber College allows whichever is wearing it to speak Reikspiel, and they've also learned to understand it without the circlet and have learned to write in it, too."

"You're sure they won't be any trouble?"

"They know Dwarves don't make for an easy meal. If we run out of Skaven and greenskins we'll have to revisit the issue, but until then they're delighted to be able to establish a long-term home behind our defences. As allies go, they're pretty low-maintenance."

"Ally," King Belegar says, still trying to wrap his mind around it. "Prince Kazrik, how's your Reikspiel?"

"Well, I learned some as a beardling, but..."

"Dreng, you're point of contact for... our new allies. Keep an eye on them, but as long as they're keeping themselves fed at the expense of our enemies I've got no problem with letting them. Master Mathilde, any luck locating the former commander?"

"No," you admit. "He seems to have been using a false name."

King Belegar frowns. "Why?"

You shrug. "Sylvanians who leave Sylvania often leave family behind. If he enlisted with the Empire, he might have used a false name to protect them." Perhaps not the most likely possibility, but most of the answers wouldn't sit well with the Dwarves.

"Alright then, needs must. You've still got contacts among Stirland's rulers?"

What? "Some," you say cautiously.

"Visit them. I need one to come down here and accept a commemoration on behalf of the Stirlandians that joined the Expedition. I've asked those Gorzhufokri to pass word to their Knight friends. Three Knightly Orders, the Ulricans, the Undumgi, the Stirlandians, the Halflings, and yourself. Eight blades for Eight Peaks."

"Yes, your Majesty," you say automatically, your mind whirring as you try to decide how you'll tackle it.

"I want the entire Old World to hear that drawing blood for my Karak is well rewarded. News travels damn slow among the manlings and I want to give it a kick. Oh, speaking of..." He sorts through the papers in front of him. "Letters of introduction from your Colleges. Arrived well in advance because they accounted for manling travel times but it went by gyrocopter from Barak Varr." He slides them over the table to you and you pick them up and flip through them. Amethyst, fine. Bright, probably fine. Celestial. Blast. "Needless to say, they fall under your jurisdiction. The Journeymanlings running around currently haven't been a problem, and I'd like that trend to continue. Any other business?"

You look up from the letters. "Eshin," you say simply.

There's a chorus of Khazalid expletives. "Where?" King Belegar asks with a sigh.

"Under, or possibly in, Karag Yar. Uncorroborated intelligence from a single source," and if they took that to mean interrogation rather than you and an assassin accidentally terrifying each other, that's on them, "but it seems Mors' ambition finally took them too far and they're on the outs. That's probably why there's three other Clans here - they're scrabbling for the credit in wiping out the traitor, and to take some of Mors' tunnels for their own."

"Explains why there's been no push-back from the Skaven - they're focused on internal matters. Right, that changes matters. Dreng, Prince Gotri, we're not nearly as established as I'd like but if the rats are occupied I want to move before they're not. Start winding up. This time next year, I want us ready to march on Karagril."

---

The Colleges all have their own customs, but on some matters there's consensus and formal letters of introduction to foreign leaders is one of them, and each is bland as it is lacking in information. Journeywoman Adela Burgstaller of the Bright Order, Journeyman Hubert Denzel of the Celestial Order, Journeywoman Gretel Maurer of the Amethyst Order. Each claimed to be in good standing. All genuine, too. You don't trust the seal on the envelopes, but you do trust the tiny little indications that nobody under the rank of Magister is supposed to know about and the ones that should be present are and the ones that shouldn't, aren't.

Well, well. More underlings. That should be interesting. And probably less emotionally fraught than Stirland could be.


Mandatory Actions: Pick one from each category.

Journeyman Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] Allow him to spend all his time on his metalworking studies.
[ ] Have Maximilian learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] Have Maximilian learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] Have Maximilian study your Skaven firearms.
[ ] Have Maximilian study your Eshin throwing star.
[ ] Current Task: Have Maximilian help the new Journeymanlings get settled in.
[ ] Previous Task: Have Maximilian perform or assist with spider autopsies.
[ ] Previous Task: Have Maximilian investigate the properties of the spiders' webs.
[ ] Have Maximilian attempt to write a paper (choose which from 'Publish or Perish')
[ ] Have Maximilian write papers on subjects you dictate.

Magister Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] Allow Johann to spend all his time investigating Clan Moulder.
[ ] Allow Johann to spend all his time investigating Clan Mors.
[ ] Allow Johann to spend all his time investigating Clan Skryre.
[ ] Allow Johann to spend all his time investigating Clan Eshin.
[ ] Allow Johann to study the Ratling Gun.
[ ] Have Johann study your Skaven firearms.
[ ] Have Johann study your Eshin throwing star.
[ ] Current Task: Have Johann help the new Journeymanlings get settled in.
[ ] Have Johann learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] Have Johann learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] Previous Task: Have Johann perform or assist with spider autopsies.
[ ] Previous Task: Have Johann investigate the properties of the spiders' webs.
[ ] Have Johann attempt to write a paper (choose which from 'Publish or Perish')

The Eastern Imperial Company
Your outstanding debt: 1,100 gc
Your share of EIC profits: 100 gc / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Handgun Factory in Blutdorf (Grand Opening in 18 months)
[ ] Call in 1 favour for Dwarven expertise for the Factory's safety.
[ ] Call in 2 favours for Dwarven expertise for the Factory's efficiency.
[ ] Call in 4 favours for Dwarven expertise for the quality of the products.
[ ] Call in 10 favours for all of the above.
[ ] Establish an outpost of the EIC in The Moot.
[ ] Establish an outpost of the EIC in Zhufbar.
[ ] Establish an outpost of the EIC in Barak Varr.
[ ] Strike a deal to have the EIC purchase and resell Ulrikadrin timber.
[ ] Strike a deal to have the EIC supply and control the shops of Karag Nar.
[ ] Instil patron deity: Ranald.
[ ] Instil corporate policy: information gathering (news).
[ ] Instil corporate policy: long-term financial good of the Empire.
[ ] Instil corporate policy: medium-term financial good of individual Provinces.
[ ] Attempt to build your own information network within the EIC.


Personal Actions: choose between four and six. Any chosen beyond four will come with risks - please specify 'additional' tasks.

Current Task: Summon a Stirlandian representative to accept a commemorative blade. Also, more Journeymanlings!
[ ] Send a letter to Roswita. Job done. (does not cost an action)
[ ] Visit Roswita in person, and travel with her or her representative back to Eight Peaks.
[ ] Visit Anton in person, and travel with him back to Eight Peaks.

Self-Improvement:
[ ] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
[ ] Hire a trainer to come to Eight Peaks and teach you: specify what. (costs favours for Dwarf trainers, money for human ones)
[ ] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)
[ ] Attempt to learn a spell from College-supplied scrolls (specify which)
[ ] Gain enough control of your unruly shadow to still it temporarily.
[ ] Practice shooting while invisible.

Karak Eight Peaks, friendly:
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Night Prowler - an underlit and disreputable pub for those who value privacy to gather. Guaranteed cloaked stranger in every corner. Costs 100gc.
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Gambler - a gambling hall with clean cards, guaranteed unloaded dice, fresh sawdust in the fighting ring, and a lottery every Festag. Costs 100gc.
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Deceiver - a pawn shop filled with strange knick-knacks, odd devices, foreign books, and a shopkeep that knows more than they should. Costs 100gc.
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Protector - a clean and respectable tavern for Undumgi to visit after they finish their patrols. Costs 100gc.
[ ] Settlers, traders, and prospective wives are arriving. Start building an information network amongst them.
[ ] Crime is inevitable, so it may as well be organized crime. Send word to Heideck and make sure that when an underworld emerges, it will be a Ranaldian one. This cannot be tracked back to you.
[ ] Crime is inevitable, so it may as well be organized crime. Send word to Heideck to send individuals who will construct an underworld under your command. This will be concealed, but could be tracked back to you. Will be under your control; 2 organisations cost 1 action per turn.

Karak Eight Peaks, hostile:
[ ] Kvinn-Wyr is full of trolls. Investigate this for yourself.
[ ] Travel underneath Kvinn-Wyr and investigate Karag Mhonar.
[ ] Travel through the Underway into Karag Yar, to investigate Clan Eshin.
[ ] You've mapped the territory of Clan Mors. Go down there and cause some havoc.
[ ] You've mapped the territory of Clan Mors. Go down there and see what you can acquire.
[ ] Clan Moulder are set up under Karagril. Investigate.
[ ] Greenskins currently occupy Karagril. Find out what tribe they are and who rules them.
[ ] Investigate underneath Karag Lhune: the Lhune Deeps and the Grand Abyss.

Research:
[ ] Investigate the constantly-dripping blood of the Wisdom's Asp. Current accumulation: 14 gallons.
[ ] Instead of seeking the secrets of the blood, simply see if it can be weaponized in some way.
[ ] You've got Ranald's Coin around your neck. Study it to see if you can gain an insight into Divine Energy.
[ ] Send to the Grey College for the appropriate scrolls to learn a specific spell: specify which.
[ ] Investigate how Pall of Darkness interacts with your sharpened magical senses.
[ ] Investigate how the We communicates with... itself?
[ ] Investigate the Skaven firearms, including the warpstone alloy bullet and the warpstone-impregnated gunpowder.
[ ] Investigate the Skaven throwing star, that somehow remains constantly sticky with venom.
[ ] The Second Secret of Dhar teaches how to collapse it upon itself. Practice upon local Dhar taint, and see if this works with Warpstone.
[ ] Try to establish a relationship with the Cult of Verena, with the intent of offering them access to your rarer tomes in exchange for copies of some of their own.

Enchantment:
[ ] Enchant an item with a Relatively Simple or easier spell (specify what and which)

Publish or Perish (if Max is writing papers you dictate, two of the below can be selected for a single action):
[ ] Collate the information that the Army of Stirland collected during the Purge.
[ ] Write a paper on the Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition.
[ ] Write a paper on your personal understanding of countering Waaagh Magic.
[ ] Write a paper on the Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual.
[ ] Write a paper on Mathilde's Multidimensional Aethyric Projection.
[ ] Write a paper on the physiology and venom of the We.
[ ] Write a paper on the social structure of the We.

Karag Nar Penthouse: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category. Additional selections cost actions.
[ ] Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
[ ] Have additional rooms excavated underneath your Penthouse: -50gc for 2 rooms.
Setting up rooms for specific purposes will have to wait until new rooms are constructed or excavated. Only one construction or excavation can take place at a time, but you can do one of each.
Building downwards will increase by 1 each time; second set of excavated rooms will be 3 rooms, third will be 4, and so on.
Building upwards can be added upon; towers can be added on to or additional towers can be built. The distinction between the two is entirely cosmetic.

Personal Relations: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category. Additional selections cost actions.
[ ] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: specify who and how.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and a Very Good Boy. Train him. (increases his intelligence, he may learn to speak Praestantia)
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and very magical. Deepen your familiar bond. (may unlock a new familiar ability; risks obsession)
[ ] Get in touch with Julia and find out if she'd be interested in passing on information to you.
[ ] Help the new Journeymanlings get settled in and get to know them, to see if any are worth bringing into your growing Wizard workforce.
[ ] ADVENTURE TIME, KIDS. Take them on a series of terrifying forays into the Underground. You know where it's safe, but they don't know that.

Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: describe how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so.


SECONDARY VOTE
Currently, the format of the quest goes Actions/Report/Actions/Report. Would you prefer a dedicated social update for Mathilde to visit and interact with her friends and colleagues? This will change the format to Actions/Social/Report/Actions/Social/Report, so each turn will take three updates instead of two. After the Actions, you would vote on who Mathilde spent time with this turn, with an as-yet-undecided amount of winners. This will not change the action economy, nor will it increase the amount being written per day.

[ ] Yes to social turn.
[ ] No to social turn.


- To represent her existing collection, I've bumped Mathilde's romance category up to Extensive at no additional cost.
- You've technically been given a lot of leeway in how you deal with Stirland, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there won't be consequences for cheekiness.
- There is a four hour voting moratorium. Technically not on the Secondary Vote, but remember if you're voting on multiple issue, all the votes need to be in the same post. 
- There is no wrong answer to the Secondary Vote, it is a matter of preference. Feel free to discuss it, but do not treat it like a debate.
- If the Secondary Vote results in a majority saying Yes, the first turn with the new format will be Turn 22.
- I'm sure that someone asked me about something and I said I'd add it as an action in the next turn but I've forgotten what it was. If that was you, please remind me.
- Mechanic change: Dwarf Favour can now go negative. If it remains negative for three years, it will be paid for from your Dwarf Rep, at a rate of 2 Dwarf Rep:1 Dwarf Favour.
- If a Dwarf Favour debt is about to come due, various risky methods of generating more will become available.
  </body>
</html>