<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Eighteen)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Eighteen)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Deep Searching: Allow the Imperial Guard to take the brunt of the enemy attentions as the Blood Ravens seek out enemy command positions and logistics strongholds to seek to analyze the flow of information and - more importantly - control. Find Vandis, or at the least enemy commanders who can then have their own centers searched, or be interrogated themselves. The dreadnoughts, being incapable of such rapid high speed movement, will stay behind and help fight alongside the Imperial Guard.<br/>
-[] Provided the Inquisitor's people authorize the attempt, send Justinius to Adrastia's ship to assess her condition and (at minimum) provide physical healing to help recovery from her surgery, and provided Justinius judges there to be no more than moderate risk from the attempt to try to wake her from her coma. In either case, he should then rejoin the Blood Ravens ASAP.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
<b>Captain’s Forbearance: 52</b><br/>
<br/>
Justinius was welcomed aboard the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> by a party of Inquisitorial Stormtroopers in an expected threat display. They had lost their commanding officer, and now their nominal master who had held the leash was comatose. That the Captain of the ship had been willing to let him aboard at all, a psyker who might well have gained dangerous access to the minds of the crew was a sign of how dangerous the situation might well be for the Inquisitor herself. What he hadn’t expected, however, was the sheer breadth of the weapons not quite pointed at him. Not a single one of them bore a hellgun variant. Instead, of the twelve Inquisitorial retinue present, the Captain herself making their full compliment thirteen, all of them bore weapons fit to tackle even a space marine. Two graviton guns, two melta guns, and the rest bore plasma guns, all of which were of the highest quality. Even the vaunted power armor of a space marine would surely falter under a barrage from such things.<br/>
<br/>
“Chief Librarian,” Captain Carlyle inclined her head. “Welcome aboard the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i>. Follow me.” She spun on her heel with mechanical precision began marching away.<br/>
<br/>
“Of course,” he nodded as he followed, the Stormtroopers bringing up the rear and sides.<br/>
<br/>
All of the Stormtroopers were of considerable mental discipline and strength, but there was the faintest glimmer of something more when it came to Carlyle. And yet it was something that was clouded and murky. She, too, he realized swiftly – said realization causing the faintest twitch in the woman as she felt his witch sight rove across her – was a psyker. One of a low grade, barely reaching gamma by the standards of the Imperium. It would not take too much effort to break through her mental shields, but he felt no inclination to do so. Especially not now that he had overplayed his hand and made her aware that he now knew. Even so, he didn’t need to scour her soul to now see the faintest inclinations as to where her skills lay – for without the decades and centuries and more of a space marine’s lifetime, most human psykers would never reach the sheer breadth of knowledge and skill, instead having to focus along more specialized lines.<br/>
<br/>
“Her condition?” He spoke aloud instead of giving voice to any of this.<br/>
<br/>
“Physically, she is exhausted. Even returning from Opus Maxima left her with multiple skull fractures from the pressure released when she…exhausted herself, as well as myriad other wounds gained up until that point,” Carlyle responded promptly. “The hexagrammic wards throughout the ship remain hale, however, and we are still unsure as to how the daemonic presence manifested within the operating theatre.”<br/>
<br/>
“And yet the Inquisitor managed to banish it,” Justinius noted calmly as they passed through yet more checkpoints and hallways, all of them manned by Inquisitorial Stormtroopers.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes,” Carlyle nodded curtly. “The anesthesia had not yet fully reduced her to unconsciousness but forcing herself to fight caused…issues.”<br/>
<br/>
Justinius opened and then closed his mouth as he realized where they had come to. Rather than the dormitory chambers he had been expecting, they had descending elsewhere in the ship. The prison cells, he concluded as he reviewed all the checkpoints, turrets, and bevy of hidden nozzles and waiting tanks of gasses and chemical compounds present all around him. Many of them were occupied, too, but he found to his surprise that he could not easily discern them with his powers, given the weighty amount of hexagrammic warding on several of them. At the same time, he didn’t need to, given that in bold text they were noted to reduce any possible confusion on the danger in the cells. All of the occupied cells were similarly described and defended, save the one they now stood in front of, the data slate of the door blank.<br/>
<br/>
“You brought eldar prisoners into a warzone?” He asked with a raised eyebrow, lifting his chin towards some of the more heavily warded cells.<br/>
<br/>
“The work of the Inquisition continues wherever its agents go,” Captain Carlyle replied, the line rote and well-practiced. “Though we serve the Ordo Hereticus, only a fool would fail to realize that the duties of the three Ordos Majoris often intertwine. Heretics deal with daemon and xeno alike, for all that they are all thrice damned for it.”<br/>
<br/>
“And this chamber…,” he trailed off as he gestured towards the heavily warded cell.<br/>
<br/>
“The Inquisitor insisted,” the Captain sniffed before placing a palm against a shaped panel, not wincing at all even as a quintet of small needles shot into her fingertips to take bone marrow samples.<br/>
<br/>
The door slid open in silence, and immediately Justinius saw the problem.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Adrastia Condition: 11</b><br/>
<br/>
Inquisitor Adrastia was secluded in the direct center of the chamber, manacles and straps holding her down onto the stone slab, with the inner wards of the room glowing brightly as they actively worked to prevent further Warp incursions. He had felt them on the edges of his senses, the ship’s sheer amount of defenses making it become that much more noticeable to the denizens of the Warp, the defiance worked into its bones no doubt greatly offending them. The Inquisitor herself was not in particularly good condition either. Physically, she was still in recovery from her many wounds, bruised bones and organs on their way to healing but not done yet. The surgery scars from her new bionic eyes were already mostly healed, but it too much jostling and activity could wreak havoc on the delicately made connections between metal and nerve, blood, and bone.<br/>
<br/>
In terms of the soul, it looked like it had been forced through a fine barbed sieve, something vaguely in the shape of Adrastia held together by the thinnest and weakest strands of will left to the millions of broken chunks. That her soul hadn’t collapsed or dissolved outright was practically a miracle, or at least a testament to the sheer will of the woman herself. He had, in fact, read records of such things before, but almost always with regards to failed Librarians, those who had pushed too hard, too fast, and had died because of it after studies had been made of them. None of the current Librarians of the Blood Ravens had faltered in such a manner in his comparatively short tenure, but he nevertheless recognized many similar signs. He beheld now in person the results of a psychic breakthrough past the limits that the mind and soul were capable of withstanding, one born of pure fury with streaks of grief woven into it. Out of courtesy he had not examined her more closely after Opus Maxima. He knew now that that was a mistake, she had been a single step away from faltering in that most fatal and horrible ways that all psykers could. It was easy enough to see the seams that she had painstakingly worked to salve and heal before her surgery, for to his eyes scars upon the soul were just as discernable as those upon the body – both the old and the new. She had not finished healing herself from the wounds of Opus Maxima and had driven herself so close to falling off the knife’s edge afterwards that he was frankly astonished that she hadn’t fallen.<br/>
<br/>
“Inquisitor Adrastia gave word that Chapter Master Angelos is trustworthy. I have elected to confer that trust onto you,” Captain Carlyle spoke up, voice as still and measured as ever.<br/>
<br/>
“I shall endeavor to prove myself worth it…though I confess that her condition is even more severe than I expected,” he said as he walked in, inhaling deeply. “I shall do what I can.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Physical Healing: 36<br/>
<br/>
Soul Healing: 84</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================================​</div><br/>
“I am doing what I can, Chapter Master,” Justinius’ voice was not labored, but then again he had been frank that doing such delicate painstaking work was tiring in its own way.<br/>
<br/>
“I see,” Gabriel murmured. “Do what you can, Justinius.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course. Justinius out.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel paused only a moment afterwards to reflect on the odd friendship he had made with the dangerous woman. Whether or not it could rightly be said to be his fault, the fact of the matter was that he was woven inextricably into the decision that Adrastia had made to burn down two planets of Subsector Aurelia. First Cyrene, then Typhon. And yet, for all that she had been the one to put them to the torch, he considered her a friend, or at least an ally. After all, it had also been by her word that the Exterminatus of the entire Aurelian Subsector had ceased immediately. Hopefully Justinius would be able to aid her in some measure.<br/>
<br/>
Then he inhaled, felt his bionic lungs clench and twist inside his mostly metal chest, and nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“Go,” he announced upon the command channel vox.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Seeking Information: 97<br/>
<br/>
Defending: 68</b><br/>
<br/>
Simultaneously, the Blood Ravens went to work within the hive. He himself joined in, a short teleporter jump in his terminator armor landing him directly in the command center along with the terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. Immediately, the militia began firing, even while they were cut down by bolters. Low volume audio piped in from various open vox channels of different squads, some with Librarian support, some without, as well as a channel held open by Captain Thule as they Imperial Guard fought off the first exploratory attempts by the legions of New Meridian to test their strength and defenses. For once, it was the Imperial Guard that were flatly outnumbered, and the reports made mention of sheer mass wave tactics more akin to those used by the Vostroyan or Kreig Regiments than anything else.<br/>
<br/>
“Clear,” Sergeant Stromahn announced. “The Tech-Priest may enter now.”<br/>
<br/>
The Enginseer that had been elected to accompany their specific detachment did just that, their frame bulked significantly by their own customized power armor and powerful bionics. A sparking Omnissian power axe hung in their hand, sizzling as blood dried. Behind them also came a quartet of combat servitors, their various weapons still glowing with the heat of repeated firing.<br/>
<br/>
“Impressive work, Blood Ravens,” the Tech-Priest said calmly. “The guards outside were not able to transmit a distress signal before I dealt with them. Am I free to work?”<br/>
<br/>
“Quickly, Tech-Priest,” Gabriel said gravely, “We are deep within enemy territory.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course, of course,” they muttered as they approached one of the larger cogitators and plugged in immediately. “Urgh. Poor things, the Dark Mechanicus care nothing for the sacred rites of cleansing and maintenance. I…oh.”<br/>
<br/>
Every Blood Raven present turned slightly at that sound. It was a sound instantly recognizable for all Blood Ravens. It was the sound of the scholar finding the data they required, the realization of a scroll or data slate’s contents. It was, distinctly, the sound of discovery.<br/>
<br/>
“What is it?”<br/>
<br/>
“One moment. I require analysis…,” the Tech-Priest held up a hand made solely of metal and circuits. “This was a command post of significant worth, deliberately made to appear as the myriad others.”<br/>
<br/>
The cogitator bank began to hum, then glow outright as the Tech-Priest worked at it.<br/>
<br/>
“I…yes. The assault was swift enough to prevent them from shutting down the data streams,” they went on before their mechadendrite began to twitch this way and that. “It…hrnngh…yes. I can see you,” they hissed, the noise rendered oddly through their vocoder. “A web within a web, but the numbers will out,” they said beneath their breath.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, they turned their head – and only their head, which rotated upon a swivel point far past what an organic spine should have managed – to Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
“Numerous command circuits aligned. Orders and requisitions filtered. Commanders communicating upon higher security channels, but this terminal was not locked and shut down beforehand due to speed of death of officer.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel’s bionic heart no longer had the same neurological leanings, but his secondary heart managed to begin beating faster in anticipation.<br/>
<br/>
“Central main spire –Spire Vandis – is false target, possesses significant defenses and defenders due to assumption of Imperial decapitation strike. Ordinarily, main location of government, rule, bureaucracy. Retains purpose, but many no longer present.”<br/>
<br/>
“Do you have him,” Gabriel said calmly.<br/>
<br/>
“Location narrowed,” the Tech-Priest waggled their head from side to side. “Spire Jubacael, named after Vandis ancestor who discovered system and founded illegal colonies. Currently lacking in full Hive void shielding due to daemonic incursions, minor void bubbles from smaller generators present. Warning: significant defenses found, Private House Guard, genetically enhanced warriors, combat servitors, techno-heretical robotics, daemon-engines-,”<br/>
<br/>
“I expected as much of a coward like Vandis-,” Gabriel muttered as the Tech-Priest went on and on.<br/>
<br/>
“-Chaos Space Marines present, numbers not present in channel,” the Tech-Priest added.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens stiffened for a moment.<br/>
<br/>
“I see,” Gabriel grunted. “At least we know where he is now, and can try to prevent him from running.”<br/>
<br/>
“Warning, Spire Jubacael is present within territory of hive under significant daemonic assault. It is almost directly beneath the Warp Tear.”<br/>
<br/>
At that, Gabriel grimaced.<br/>
<br/>
“And so he hides beneath the shadow of the sword itself,” he growled. “All Blood Ravens, suspend current operations and return to Rally Point Primus, we have ascertained the location of Vandis.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================​</div><br/>
“Casualties are somewhat light so far, only a hundred thousand dead, Colonel,” an adjutant announced as Colonel Gabriel Derosa and the rest of his command staff looked over the flickering holographic map of the battlefield.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm. Spread?” He asked, squinting as the image bounced and flickered more.<br/>
<br/>
“The 12<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> took the brunt of it, a third of the dead are theirs, but the rest was spread out evenly.”<br/>
<br/>
“Rotate them all regardless,” Gabriel Derosa ordered. “They’re starting to get their artillery batteries sighted in, even firing at extreme distance, and earthworks are largely unworkable in the toxic areas. Captain Roche? I want you and Captain Teyrn to prepare for a sabotage operation – we cannot rely on space marine scouts to aid us in getting around to their rear guard.”<br/>
<br/>
“We’ll knock out those big guns,” the two Captain’s saluted. “Or die trying.”<br/>
<br/>
“I’d prefer the former,” Gabriel said dryly before the air began to shift and crackle. “Hold, everyone. That’s-,”<br/>
<br/>
The scent of tainted ozone and a bow wave of unwholesome static washed over everyone in the encampment as multiple Blood Raven squads returned to the compound. The blood of heretics was layered heavily upon their already red armor, the difference showing in the layers flash fried by their transit. Already, sheets of it thick enough to be parchment was flaking off of them as they swiftly moved out of the way. Though Gabriel was less than a century old, he knew enough that teleportation was an uneasy tool at the best of times, and specific, exacting coordinates were best when utilizing it. As such, the squads were returning in generally the same place, one carefully prepared by the Librarians and boosted by a beacon, rather than attempting a scattershot arrival all across the Defense Laser park. The last of the Blood Ravens to arrive was none other than his namesake, the famous Gabriel Angelos, whose accolades and accomplishments dwarfed his own as a matter of course. If he had come through the Warp, the Meridian native would assume that he would be vomiting on the ground or dying or some such, but instead he simply watched as the Chapter Master reappeared through a tear in reality and began moving directly towards the command tent so smoothly it was as if he’d taken but a single step forward rather than hurtled through hell itself.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” he saluted, causing a cascade of copied motions from everyone else within the tent as the looming Blood Raven ducked to get inside.<br/>
<br/>
To put it plainly, the superhuman looked gruesome. His terminator armor, vaunted and powerful, still bore the many wounds laid upon it by none other than a Chaos Lord, or so the rumor went, and there was a jerky slowness to his movements that was terribly at odds with the too-smooth, almost liquid mobility that every other space marine displayed. His bionic eye was cracked, his natural organic one thoroughly bruised from some blunt impact that likely would have broken a non-enhanced human’s skull into tiny little pieces. His famous daemonhammer, <i>Godsplitter</i>, was held in a single hand despite its immense size and weight, the power field crackling and fizzling so angrily it almost felt alive. For all of that, however, there was an incongruous nobility to the Chapter Master, something that defied his wounds, his battle damage, from somewhere within.<br/>
<br/>
“Colonel,” the Chapter Master nodded to him, allowing him and the others to release their salutes. “Our efforts were even more successful than I had hoped.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh?” Gabriel raised his eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
“Vandis disguised his primary command centers, those staffed with the officers of highest import, amongst the rest. By the Emperor’s grace, we managed to locate a cogitator bank looped into the command circuits of the enemy’s forces that was not locked down.”<br/>
<br/>
All fifteen officers of the Imperial Guard present simultaneously leaned forward, their hearts speeding up in anticipation.<br/>
<br/>
“I…blessed be the Emperor and Omnissiah,” Gabriel breathed out. “What-,” he silenced himself as the Chapter Master raised a single finger.<br/>
<br/>
“We have located Vandis. He is not in the capital spire, as some suspected, but rather he has sequestered himself in Spire Jubacael.”<br/>
<br/>
Captain Vrains rolled her eyes.<br/>
<br/>
“They do so love naming things after themselves, don’t they,” she snarked before paling at her casual speech in front of the Chapter Master, eyes darting to the looming figure as her mouth snapped shut. “I…that is…,”<br/>
<br/>
“You are correct,” was the blessedly mild response, letting the poor woman manage to inhale properly. “Even most other hive worlds in the whole of the Imperium name their hives from the accomplishments of many, from the histories, the lexicons, but House Vandis has turned the whole of this planet into a vanity piece solely glorifying themselves.”<br/>
<br/>
“And…Jubacael Vandis is the one who discovered the system, isn’t he?” Gabriel asked. “Why isn’t the capital spire named after him?”<br/>
<br/>
“An effort by his son, it seems, to differentiate himself,” the Chapter Master gave the barest tilt of his head from side to side. “He is the one who built what is now their capital spire, but Spire Jubacael is the oldest in the whole of the Hive and the system. Here is what our initial scans have been able to tell,” the Chapter Master gestured, and somehow a Blood Raven who none of them had noticed entering passed out several data slates. “Thank you, Brother Kaius. You may return to the rest of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.”<br/>
<br/>
Muttered curses broke out at the news, even as the smaller space marine left. It was well known in the Imperium that age often carried a considerable amount of power. Worse, it was a place of blood and debauched heresy. Then everyone actually began reading the data slates, and the curses grew louder. Gabriel found his frown worsening as he kept reading. Directly beneath the Warp Tear, of course. Likely defended by some of the most elite forces in Vandis’ arsenal, obviously. Deep within the hive, literally hundreds of miles through a nightmarish urban landscape, expected. There would be defenses aplenty along the way, surely, defensive emplacements, chokepoints, and enough anti-air to make trying to fly troops forward and in a potentially impossible outcome. All while the entire populace of New Meridian was being whipped up into a frothing fury at the interlopers who had brought so much ruin to their home. Plus, of course, the daemons who would be present in exceedingly high numbers until the Warp Tear closed.<br/>
<br/>
“This…looks like it might well be a hell of a damned grinder, Chapter Master,” he eventually said, looking up to match the Chapter Master’s grim look with one of his own. “We are already outnumbered.”<br/>
<br/>
“If I may speak freely, Colonel?” Captain Vrains spoke up, glancing at the Chapter Master before back to him.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel glanced at the Blood Raven, receiving a small nod, before sighing.<br/>
<br/>
“Permission granted, Captain.”<br/>
<br/>
Though they were both of Meridian, Vrains was from the Underhive, and over two decades of warfare had not reduced the tendency for the Underhiver accent to creep in whenever she was highly stressed. Yet, in those same two decades he had known her, she had never faltered in her grasp over the logistics of their regiment and others.<br/>
<br/>
“We will expend every solid slug, shell, explosive round, rocket, and grenade we brought with us before we get even halfway there,” she said in a rapid rush, the words twanging and stretching. “Even if we fall back to pure plasma and las usage, we’ll burn out every pack and coil we’ve got from the sheer tempo required to reach it, even if we take enough casualties on the way to pull from our dead and dying.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel ground at his teeth for a second as looks of earnest fear appeared on the faces of the more junior officers. The elder ones just looked resigned to their likely fate. All the wretched waiting. On the ships as they traveled to the meeting point, through the gravity reef, and then just hanging about in the void as everyone else fought and killed and died. It burned at his heart that he could not refute the captain’s grim assessment. For they had all underestimated Vandis. To be sure, if they lived the scribes would downplay the fact, especially so for the Blood Ravens, but the truth of the matter was that all had assumed for some reason that a man with all the powers of an Imperial Governor and control over Angel Forge would have but a single isolated redoubt. A fortress, at the most, not an entire star system. If they had even begun to think it, they might have brought more ships filled with nothing but munitions. They had been prepared to arrive and obliterate, not potentially risk a major siege.<br/>
<br/>
“I see,” the Chapter Master said, his deep timbre somehow even and calm despite it all.<br/>
<br/>
“Still,” Vrains shrugged, the tension bled out of her somehow by the weight of her words, the surety of what she spoke propping her up in excess of what should have been possible, “We can probably make a good few miles of incursion, if you like, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel was gob smacked that she managed to look the Chapter Master in the eyes as she said it.<br/>
<br/>
“I suppose it would be up to you.”<br/>
<br/>
A single raised eyebrow over his bionic eye was the initial extent of the Chapter Master’s reaction. Before there could be more, however, the hololith shimmered for a moment, an insistent blinking sound notifying all present that someone was communicating on a secure command-level vox channel. Without asking anyone else, Gabriel’s namesake pressed the activation rune, causing a large Inquisitorial symbol to dominate the actuality sphere’s imagery. Even now, the sight of it set many of the veterans to sucking in air, a new undercurrent of fear entering their hearts and minds. The only one seemingly unaffected by that was the Chapter Master himself, who merely shifted the enormous terminator armor he wore slightly, grinding against the metal flooring.<br/>
<br/>
“Colonel,” the word was uttered in a wretchedly ragged rasp.<br/>
<br/>
“Inquisitor!” Gabriel twitched into a salute despite it being impossible for her to possibly see him do so, an act repeated by all but the Blood Raven. “I…we had heard…,”<br/>
<br/>
“Adrastia?” the Chapter Master spoke up.<br/>
<br/>
“Gabriel? Good, you live,” despite the weariness there was a faint note of what might have been joy. “Makes this simpler. Your Chief Librarian has everything else. I will not be joining you on the ground.”<br/>
<br/>
Just as abruptly as it had begun, the conversation ended with a simple click. Less than thirty seconds passed before there was a bright flash of teleportation as Justinius arrived on the planet. He needed no guidance, able to sense the minds of those he needed, and as such pushed through into the command tent with all haste.<br/>
<br/>
“Probalis.”<br/>
<br/>
“Angelos,” the Chief Librarian bowed his head. “The Inquisitor may live, but her medicae and I have agreed – any more exertion at all may well end her. She is being placed once more into a medical coma. In the meantime, however,” he produced an item that stole the breath away of the Imperial Guard present.<br/>
<br/>
For it was nothing less than her Inquisitorial Rosette.<br/>
<br/>
“Explain,” the Chapter Master ordered, even as he accepted it, squinting down at the symbol of authority and fear.<br/>
<br/>
“For the remainder of this conflict, you have command over the rest of her Stormtrooper Regiment and ship,” came the prompt response. “Inquisitor Adrastia judges you – and only you – worthy enough to bear such responsibility and power. Furthermore…,” the psyker’s eyes flickered across the Imperial Guard before going back to the Chapter Master.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel did not hear anything but based on the looks of both of them they held a conversation in secret. He struggled to disguise the shudder as they clearly discussed with psychically aided telepathy some matter or another. Still, he could see the raised eyebrows and faintest surprise on the Chapter Master’s face, followed by a short nod. A grim look was shared between the two men before the psyker turned and left, leaving many to breathe a sigh of relief. It was one thing to regard the Blood Ravens – rightly – as the saviors of Subsector Aurelia, as paragons and champions, but it was not so easy to get past the weight of power and command that their psykers possessed, not just in general but within the Chapter’s workings as well. Two eyes, one bionic, the other organic, narrowed ever so slightly as they fell upon him, and Gabriel felt a stab of shame in his heart that they had reacted so obviously to be caught.<br/>
<br/>
“This is what we shall do next, and how we may prepare for it.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>With great speed and efficiency, the Blood Ravens have discovered which of the Hive Spires the traitorous Vandis has sequestered himself in. He has fled to the eldest Spire on the entire Hive world, named after his traitorous ancestor who first discovered the system. It is no doubt filled with the most elite forces left on the planet, and furthermore rests directly under the epicenter of the Warp Tear, stripping any chance of long-term orbital support lest the daemons overwhelm the ships present. Due to landing purposefully away from the Warp Tear, the distance is considerable. Logistic issues mean that the Imperial Guard is unlikely to be able to punch directly through to Spire Jubacael without running out of ammo and fuel. Thus making it unlikely for them to contribute majorly to hitting Vandis. However, Inquisitor Adrastia awakened just long enough to cede command of her forces to Chapter Master Angelos. Furthermore, she has revealed that there is a prepared method to contain Vandis even should he turn out to possess some measure of supernatural ability - though its efficacy is unknown. The man in question must still be reached, however, and a specialized beacon planted. Live capture is preferable, but failing that, proof of death will suffice. Once this is done, and he is taken care of one way or another, this world, this system, can finally be blasted into pieces. All Blood Ravens desire to join in this final effort. </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Chapter Master's Orders (Choose 1 From Each):</u><br/>
[] Fly By Insertion: The fastest method would involve taking a Strike Cruiser and effectively performing a drive-by deployment of thunderhawks and drop pods directly into Spire Jubacael, those areas not currently under void shield. Then, all forces shall work to locate Vandis and either capture or kill him. Once this is done, all shall teleport back, and the system may finally be dealt with in a most permanent manner. This would also allow the Inquisitorial and Imperial Guard Stormtroopers to deploy alongside the Blood Ravens. At the same time, the insertion would be dangerous, for obvious reasons - as such, the strike cruisers would work in tandem to force enemy attentions on themselves instead of their precious cargo and their deliveries.<br/>
[] Horizontal Push: It's entirely likely that anti-orbital fire might take down even a strike cruiser, but if the Blood Ravens were to travel overland across the continent, they might reach Spire Jubacael and plant beacons allowing the Stormtrooper Regiments to join them in locating Vandis. This would take many days, however, at the least, due to the sheer size of the planetary hive and the distance between the landing zones and Spire Jubacael. By that point, it is likely that Spire wide void shields may have been restored, and the Warp Tear will certainly have sealed itself once more.<br/>
[] Something Else: (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
ALSO<br/>
<br/>
[] Maintain Positions: Order the Imperial Guard to continue holding position as they have been, working to distract the enemy by their sheer weight of numbers.<br/>
[] Forward: To further distract and panic the defenders of New Meridian, order the Imperial Guard to start actively pushing into the hive, forcing the enemy to dedicate significantly more defenders towards them than anywhere else. This will, understandably, cause many more casualties amongst the Guard, but they will not shy away from their duty.</div>
  </body>
</html>