<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Eleven)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Eleven)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Let Them Go<br/>
[] Ignore the question of the Dark Angels, whatever Dumah says might be lies or complete misdirection.<br/>
-[] Instead, pointedly ask about the "more immediate" matter of the Midnight Fangs, such as who they are and if it isn't suspicious that they appeared just as the events were unfolding<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b>​</div><br/>
Gabriel just looked at Dumah for a few seconds while the renegade loyalist looked back with an almost disinterested raised eyebrow. Bartorius and Kallek stood watching the two of them, but neither seemed capable of combat at the moment, standing largely only because of the dedicated efforts of the Chief Apothecary. For a moment, the Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens just listened to the sounds of recovery and surgery taking place on so many space marine bodies. He looked away to survey the ruin that had been dealt to this isolated patch of the planet, and just as he had known they would, the snows were quickly coming to bury it all. This far from the light of the Emperor, with damning secrets and impossible histories, he felt the yawning abyss and all it promised and all it threatened threatening to swallow him and his chapter whole.<br/>
<br/>
No.<br/>
<br/>
If it should come to pass that the Blood Ravens would be confronted by whatever secrets the Dark Angels held, then he would chastise himself then. But he would not plunge the Blood Ravens needlessly into yet another cauldron of shadowy danger if he could help it. Already they were faced with potentially becoming greater targets of the Alpha Legion and their esoteric infiltrations, simply for the fateful choice of battling the Suysh rather than dedicating the chapter to other battlefields. For all that Dumah proclaimed to be a loyalist, a proclamation that Gabriel was willing to entertain for now at least, it would certainly not be beyond a descendent of a previously hidden Primarch – a concept that he struggled over even now – to manipulate a potential conflict for his own ends. No, Gabriel saw the offered knowledge for the potential poison it was, and made to pivot.<br/>
<br/>
“Tell me of these Midnight Fangs,” he asked instead. “Is it not suspicious that they have appeared just ahead of your own fleet, setting upon the planet?”<br/>
<br/>
There was a bemused twinkle in Dumah’s eye, for he could immediately tell why Gabriel asked his question, but as the ancient marine considered the topic the twitching of his lips turned into a full frown. The scars on his dark mocha skin stretched unpleasantly with the motion.<br/>
<br/>
“Mmm, another of the banished fleets,” he nodded, gazing up as if he could see their ships in the southern hemisphere. “The Midnight Fangs are supreme scavengers and opportunists…I would not call them cowards,” he said very carefully, “But they rarely commit themselves to battle when they are not certain of victory. Worse, their Feasts are often committed without warning or cooperation with others,” he continued with a faint scowl on his lips. “The Carcharodons at least communicuate with the Mechanicus for the Grey Tithe and the Administratum for the Red, but the Midnight Fangs show up, consume what they will, and move on, all in the name of endlessly persecuting the fight through the Void.”<br/>
<br/>
Dumah then turned back to look Gabriel in the eyes, uncharacteristic seriousness in his eyes.<br/>
<br/>
“I will tell you an unvarnished truth: do not approach or even stand too close to them, lest they find you worth more as salvage to their thirsting resource stores than as fighting sons of the Emperor.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel grunted, his lips thinning, but he nodded all the same. He maintained a connection to the command vox lines, and as such could hear occasional reports from Hadrian above in his ships about the conduct with which the Midnight Fangs acted. Most of it would be transcribed by waiting cherub monitors into the cogitators to be recorded later, along with auspex scan records and the like. Already, his mind had seized upon a comparison back within the light of the Astronomicon, specifically with those of the Blood Angels and their successors known as their Death Companies. Only once had Gabriel ever witnessed a Death Company in action, on a battlefield more than three centuries past as a mere initiate, and yet he had watched as more than forty marines had thrown themselves madly into battle and died to a battle-brother against ork lines. Yet it had proven enough for the rest of the Imperial forces to plunge through the created beachhead. Going by long-range auspex, the Midnight Fangs were as fierce and heedless of their own safety, rapidly advancing constantly with unknown patterns of vehicles riding behind that were loaded up with all sorts of taken materials, be they weapons, armor, or outright portions of entire buildings.<br/>
<br/>
“I see.”<br/>
<br/>
“You think you do, but you’ve not seen a predation fleet truly at work, I’d reckon, and if you are very lucky, you won’t,” Dumah shook his head. “The Carcharodons strive to be found worthy enough to be granted a place back within the light. The Midnight Fangs gave up long ago, and that reflects in everything they do.”<br/>
<br/>
“And your kind?”<br/>
<br/>
Dumah smiled.<br/>
<br/>
“We exist to confound the enemies of the Imperium and provide a rebuttal to the insanity of the Hydra.”<br/>
<br/>
The vox crackled to life.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master. All immediate surgeries and procedures are complete,” Chief Apothecary Nero’s voice came through. “The rest that might be required can be completed within the apothecariums of the Scarlet Lions over time, though some might require entombment based on their injuries.”<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you, Brother-Apothecary. Let us return to our ships and to the Imperium,” Gabriel responded quickly.<br/>
<br/>
“It seems our time is done then. Be careful with what you’ve learned, Blood Raven,” Dumah nodded at the Chapter Master before looking over to Bartorius and Kallek. “As for you, I would be cautious, though we’ve extracted a great poison from your Chapter before it could spread, there may yet still be thorns hooked into place.”<br/>
<br/>
Both of the Captains stiffened, but neither spoke, only giving curt nods. The whine of thunderhawks soon filled the air, and all of the marines watched as a squadron of battered craft fought their way down through the atmosphere. None bore much beyond the barest of Imperial iconography, and what of it was there was terribly worn. Also flying down were Blood Raven and Scarlet Lion thunderhawks, these of far better appearance and possibly quality, through all watching knew better than to simply assume based on the outward appearance of either craft. Whatever machine spirits that resided within the craft of Dumah’s forces would have to be hardy and stubborn ones to survive out here in the void without any Mechanicus-held worlds.<br/>
<br/>
“I believe that our time here is done. It is time we go our separate ways,” Dumah coughed and sniffed. “May you find victory under the Emperor’s light once more, Blood Ravens and Scarlet Lions, while we seek it beyond.”<br/>
<br/>
No one was eager to remain on the Suysh planet as the Midnight Fangs picked over it. Within a matter of minutes, the forces of all three loyalists ascended upwards once more towards their respective ships. Frankly, utilizing the teleportariums was a concept that made Gabriel and most other Blood Ravens uneasy. Teleporting was already a dangerous act, every time, even when one was within the chaotic space beyond the regular borders of the Imperium. The comparatively much longer travel times of more mundane transport was quite preferable to losing marines into the Warp. Though the Blood Ravens suffered zero fatalities and quickly treatable casualties, the Scarlet Lions had been utterly savaged. Though the fighting against the Suysh was over, the fight between apothecaries and death itself would continue for some time. The fleets kept closely together, almost huddled, as they pushed out and away back towards the borders of the Imperium, though Dumah’s ships did not follow.<br/>
<br/>
The home system of the Suysh would be left behind, the last bastion of an alien civilization that had chosen to war against the Imperium in order to devour them as food, themselves now being devoured by the scavenger fleets of the Midnight Fangs. If the words of either of these disconnected chapters were worth anything at all, the rest of the Suysh civilization had already fallen in the course of their unrelenting hunger. There yet remained Suysh Queens elsewhere in Imperial space, but without the constant reinforcements from their factories and space stations beyond the grasp of most of the Imperium’s fleets. As far as Gabriel and the rest of the Blood Ravens could tell, with relative certainty, the Suysh would not survive in the long run, save for disturbingly being used by Dumah’s brothers as psychic beacons.<br/>
<br/>
Such was the eventual fate of all who would dare assault the Imperium.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, we are receiving another communication from Dumah’s forces, from the ship of the one known as Antilochus,” Hadrian called out from the command throne.<br/>
<br/>
All of the Chapter’s leadership was on the command deck of the <i>Omnis</i>, though Justinius appeared to be meditating for the upcoming push through the Immaterium along with many other codiciers. Some still bore their armor, though others, like the Chapter Master himself, had surrendered their wargear to the serfs and tech marines to perform maintenance on. Gabriel still towered, though he was now dressed in a simple robe of cloth with a belt of cord, and nothing else, his bionics gleaming in the lights of the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
“Let it through,” Gabriel commanded, folding his hands behind his back.<br/>
<br/>
“Safe travels, Blood Ravens,” Dumah’s voice bounced in and out, his ships on the far side of the system. “May you find victory within the Emperor’s light.”<br/>
<br/>
“It occurs to me, Dumah, that you still refused to tell us what to call you and your brethren,” Gabriel replied sternly. “The Alpha Legion-,”<br/>
<br/>
“I will stop you there, Angelos,” Dumah interrupted flatly, “There is no Omega Legion, no bright mirror to the Alpha Legion, if that is what you are hoping. We are but a few candles that burn in defiance to a shadow of something once great. It is time for us both to leave to where we must.”<br/>
<br/>
“…I see,” Gabriel eventually said, sharing glances with the rest of his nearby battle brothers.<br/>
<br/>
All looked disturbed, grim, and uncertain in equal measure, which was only to be expected considering the so-called revelations that had come upon them in the course of the campaign.<br/>
<br/>
“Do not be so dour, Blood Raven,” Dumah chuckled over the vox. “I doubt we shall ever see or hear much of each other ever again.”<br/>
<br/>
“Then this is goodbye.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. It bears repeating, Gabriel, but the information you now possess makes you a target, regardless of whether or not you wished to act upon it,” Dumah’s voice shifted then, becoming more grave. “Knowledge is power, wield it well,” he intoned before cutting off the vox call.<br/>
<br/>
It was like a heavy bolter round being fired right next to the ear. Gabriel’s arms unfolded and clamped tightly onto the tactical display, while other nearby Blood Ravens who had heard the words looked about at each other in bewilderment.<br/>
<br/>
“Dumah!”<br/>
<br/>
Not once had the Blood Ravens utilized their old battle cry throughout the fighting, the words damningly spoken by Kyras in the closing days of the Third Aurelian Crusade, by the traitorous Blood Ravens during the Chapter’s civil war. It was a phrase that held true, yes, but only amongst the Librarians and tech marines when regarding their duties, or in quiet and private conversation between the psykers or technologically trained battle brothers.<br/>
<br/>
Not.<br/>
<br/>
Once.<br/>
<br/>
Yet the words that Dumah had just spoken, clearly well-worn and heavy with earnest tradition…!<br/>
<br/>
“Get him back on the vox,” Gabriel cried aloud.<br/>
<br/>
“I am trying, but their ships are not responding to vox hails,” the serf at the nearest vox bank yelled aloud.<br/>
<br/>
“It’s too late,” Hadrian shouted, “They are entering the Warp!”<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens watched, fists clenched, eyes wide and staring, as the accursed fleet of Dumah and his brethren disappeared into the warp. They were left to only think furiously, breathing hard, some immediately beginning to pace shortly. Gabriel, for his part, just growled and bowed his head. He knew that this far from the Imperium, in unfamiliar territory both within the Immaterium and without. He forced the desires down, crushing them beneath his will, and straightened from where he’d leaned forward against the table.<br/>
<br/>
“Just…just lock in coordinates and get us out of here,” he growled, eyes locked ahead into the distance.<br/>
<br/>
“But Chapter Master, they-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Now, Hadrian!”<br/>
<br/>
And so the Blood Ravens, against ingrained instinct and harshly spiking desire for the knowledge that had been abruptly produced, without a chance to analyze or debate, departed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Warp Travel: 72</b><br/>
<br/>
The travel through the warp was, somewhat, more smooth than it was on the way there only by the virtue of the fact that there were no impacts or detections of dangerous warp entities. At least any that could be reckoned by the Librarius. Once more, the beacon within the Litany of Fury began to pulse, and as its pulses reached out through the warp, it impacted and collided, repeating backwards and forwards continually. Ever so carefully, the fleet of the Blood Ravens and the Scarlet Lions crept their way back towards where they had begun until the Astronomican began to burn more fully in the eye of the navigators rather than as a distant echo caught and propagated by the beacon. But in time, after more than a month within the Warp, they emerged once more into the Jahal System.<br/>
<br/>
What greeted them was a full fleet of the Imperial Navy, which hung over each of the worlds within, ferrying heavy detachments of the Imperial Guard down to a hundred separate battlefields. Their arrival could not have been missed, not with so many battle barges and strike cruisers at once, and immediately vox hails began to assail their ships from across the system. While Gabriel moved to respond to those that he could, informing the Imperial commanders of their actions and victory, he also scanned the tactical screens and the returns of their auspex scans to locate the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. Within seconds he found them, spread out across the four main planets. A motion from him to Hadrian had quiet hails put through, and soon enough Captain Cyrus responded.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, it is good to see you and the Chapter are alive and well,” Cyrus said immediately upon the vox channel opening.<br/>
<br/>
“The same to you, Cyrus. Our ships will require chrono-sync with your ships for the cogitators, but I would have it said from your mouth. How long were we gone?” Gabriel spoke calmly.<br/>
<br/>
“About half a year, Chapter Master,” Cyrus shrugged, his hololith form sparking in and out of proper focus. “I elected to put my company to use aiding the Imperial Guard, they showed up about two months after you left after they confirmed our reports.”<br/>
<br/>
“Ah,” Gabriel nodded, “I’ve see they’ve achieved landings on all major strategic points.”<br/>
<br/>
“Correct. At this point, it’s a foregone conclusion that the Suysh are finished, but I figured that it would not hurt the Chapter to try and aid the Guard in the meantime.”<br/>
<br/>
“Fear not, Captain, I approve of your actions,” Gabriel was quick to say, a smile on his scarred face. “But for now, recall you company and join your fleet to ours, we are making for <i>Sacred Crown</i> station for repairs and maintenance, and we may speak more freely there.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well, Chapter Master,” Cyrus shallowly inclined his head, “We’ll meet you there.”<br/>
<br/>
A few days later found the Blood Ravens, save for Captain Tarkus and the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, together once more. The leadership assembled, reporting on and debating what they’d seen and learned of their companies, their allies, and their enemies. The ships of both Blood Raven and Scarlet Lions were being repaired by the automated systems of the station as well as tireless work by the tech marines, and would be finished soon enough. There, Cyrus revealed that he’d managed to maintain if not cordial than at the least functioning relationships with the Generals of the Imperial Guard that had been deployed, one to each planet, without angering the Admiral in charge of the Imperial Navy battlegroup assigned. It helped that the Suysh had been so thoroughly ravaged by the passage of the space marines, their total lack of leadership only ever increasing with the work of the scouts of the Blood Ravens. In the end, the Suysh were being reduced to near mindless and cannibalistic hordes that showed no tactics or planning whatsoever, essentially running themselves into prepared Guardsmen battle lines unto extinction.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus predicted that the Suysh on all of the worlds within the Jahal system would be dead within a few more weeks if their levels of aggression kept up.<br/>
<br/>
Then, of course, came the inevitable aftermath of a hard fought campaign. The dead required tallying, the lists of living and dead altered once more, and promotions and recognition granted to those who had earned it. It was likely that similar was occurring with the Scarlet Lions, but the normally boisterous marines had become intensely reclusive on their ships, responding to daily update requests but little else. None of the Blood Ravens wished to push it, for many still keenly felt the wounds to the spirit that spilling the blood of those once thought of as brothers could cause. The 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company had suffered heavily, out of the whole of the chapter, losing a full sixteen battle brothers over the course of the campaign. On the other hand, by the reckoning of Cyrus, with an additional six months of proving, a good number of scouts had been promoted to full battle brothers, only aiding in the fighting that the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had taken part in while the rest of the Chapter was elsewhere.<br/>
<br/>
Afterwards, they simply rested, recovered, and refilled their war material stores with some hefty work on behalf of their forges. The fighting was effectively over, and nothing more required the participation of the Blood Ravens. It was one thing to aid the Guard, another to apply space marines to a situation where the only casualties suffered by the Imperial Guard were from friendly fire or laziness rather than any actual abilities on behalf of the enemy. As such, the Blood Ravens soon prepared themselves to leave, it was time to return to Subsector Aurelia, for a multitude of reasons. But not just yet.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================​</div><br/>
It was impossible to describe a space marine, a true space marine, with such a mortal descriptor as ‘bleary’, but the Scarlet Lions came close as they cautiously welcomed the Blood Raven thunderhawk onto their battle barge. Captain Bartorius and Captain Kallek stood waiting with a small honor guard, but the former had yet to regain the ability of speech and the latter was still sans an arm. Nevertheless, the Scarlet Lions stomped their feet and saluted in a loud crash of ceramite on ceramite as Gabriel and Martellus emerged, a small pallet carried by a servitor behind them. Several figures, in fact Scarlet Lions dressed in vibrant purple and crimson togas, were off to the side. They held within their hands a multitude of strange instruments, and began to play them. The song itself was obviously meant to be triumphant, bold, powerful. But for some reason, despite the skill of those who likely spent decades with them, the noises that emerged were undeniably mournful and quiet, the power of music itself as battered as the spirits ones who played it. Yet the Scarlet Lions made a go of it regardless.<br/>
<br/>
“Brothers,” Gabriel looked not just at the Captains but the rest of the Scarlet Lions. “The predations of Chaos have dealt you a weighty blow…but you yet stand. In time, I have faith that the strong sons of Lemnos will rebuild, mightier than ever.”<br/>
<br/>
He watched them, carefully, as a number of spines seemed to straighten. One of the music playing marines, who had freshly inked tattoos beneath on eye in the form of purple-lined teardrops, inhaled deeply and began to blow more clearly. More strongly. More proudly.<br/>
<br/>
“We could not have known what we would face when we dedicated ourselves to this fight, but I am proud to have fought it alongside you. The poison within was torn out before more ruin could be done.”<br/>
<br/>
Kallek merely nodded, while Bartorius looked down.<br/>
<br/>
“But in remembrance of our fighting together, against xenos and treachery alike, the Blood Ravens would give the Scarlet Lions a gift.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel stood back, gesturing towards where Martellus stood. The Master of the Forge bowed slightly, stepping to the side, a pre-programmed gesture that had the servitor rolling forward slightly, the pallet held in front of it.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Martellus Roll: 92</b><br/>
<br/>
Within was a power sword, its destructive field currently inactive. It had once been one held by the Blood Ravens before Martellus altered it. Scarlet Lion iconography had been intricately engraved into the guard and handle, while along the length of the blade the word ‘Lemnos’ had been carved in fine High Gothic script. For the entire month of warp travel back to the Imperium and for many of the days afterwards leading up to now Martellus had worked upon it, to make a worthy gift of friendship for those who had fought alongside the Blood Ravens without hesitation. The center of the hilt, traditionally a skull on an Imperial weapon, was now a snarling lion’s head. All told, it was a magnificent piece of equipment, and Martellus was not shy about expounding about the improvements he’d made to the power field systems, utilizing a bevy of rare materials and what he claimed to be the blessings of the Omnissiah. He ceased, however, when he realized that there were no other tech marines present and that his Chapter Master had coughed for the second time.<br/>
<br/>
“Er, yes. In any case, in honor of our friendship upon the battlefield and our bond as fellow sons of the Emperor,” Martellus carefully handed the weapon to Captain Bartorius, whose eyes widened as he felt its weight and balance. “I call it Truthfang.”<br/>
<br/>
When Bartorius thumbed the activation rune, he jerked slightly as the traditional blue and white of a standard power weapon did not flare to life. Instead, a sparking aura of gold with streaks of white came into being. The letters of the word Lemnos upon its length were somehow colored by the power field’s presence, taking on the white and red color pattern of the Scarlet Lions beneath its semi-transparency.<br/>
<br/>
“This be…a mighty gift,” Kallek spoke, for Bartorius could not. “Thank thee.”<br/>
<br/>
“May it serve the Scarlet Lions well,” Gabriel spoke warmly before bowing his head. “I am glad it was complete in time before our departure,” he then raised it, looking at Kallek as Bartorius seemed entranced by the weapon in his hand. “What will you do now?”<br/>
<br/>
Kallek sighed, slumping slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“We shall lick our wounds, try to calleth pon our brethren for a Council of Grasses, and rebuild out numbers as surely as we might,” he answered simply. “We cannot do any less.”<br/>
<br/>
He set his shoulders, however, and looked up at Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
“But you saved our lives, and the soul of our companies. If the Blood Ravens had not been there, three whole companies of Scarlet Lions would have fallen into darkness. For that, you have our eternal gratitude. If there should come a time, you may call upon our two companies,” Kallek gestured and another marine with sergeant markings approached with a data slate. “These are our astropathic signatures, with command codes that will prove your messages true.”<br/>
<br/>
“We are honored,” Gabriel began.<br/>
<br/>
“And we are alive because of you,” Kallek interrupted with a small huff. “Our pride is battered, but we are not yet broken.”<br/>
<br/>
“…indeed,” Gabriel smiled, “Indeed. Safe travels, Lions.”<br/>
<br/>
“And to you as well, Blood Ravens,” Kallek nodded back.<br/>
<br/>
With that, the two fleets departed, the Blood Ravens going one way and the Scarlet Lions another. Time would tell if they would ever meet again, for the galaxy was ever at war, and their duties could call them to any of a thousand battlefields at any time.<br/>
<br/>
Time would tell.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Campaign Over: Xenocide of the Suysh Completed<br/>
<br/>
Next post will be a start of turn post. Below are the total fatalities/advancements/found notables that have resulted from the fighting. Front page has been updated. </b>​</div><br/>
<u>Total Fatalities Of Campaign</u><br/>
<br/>
4 Scouts [1st Stage] Killed [8 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
<br/>
5 4th Company Marines Dead [10 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
<br/>
1 Tarantula Sentry Turret Destroyed (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolters)<br/>
<br/>
16 2nd Company Marines Killed (32 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
1 1st Company Marine Killed (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
25 10th Company Neophytes [2nd Stage] Killed<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Total Gene-Seed Recovered: 52<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<u>Advancements</u><br/>
Of Starting 28 Lexicanum -&gt; 9 Advancing To Codicier<br/>
Of Starting 12 Codicier -&gt; 4 Advance To Epistolary<br/>
Of Starting Scouts [2nd Stage] 35 -&gt; 35 Advance To Battle Brothers Awaiting Assignment<br/>
Of Starting Scouts [1st Stage]: 142 -&gt; 130 Advance To Scouts [2nd Stage]<br/>
12 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Require More Experience To Advance<br/>
5 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Marines Advance To Veteran Status<br/>
6 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Advance To Veteran Status<br/>
<br/>
Neck Progenoids Reclaimed From Advancing Scouts [2nd Stage]: 35<br/>
<br/>
<u>Specialists To Be Found Exemplary In The Course Of Campaign</u><br/>
<b>2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Assault Sergeant Jordis</b> – Skilled leadership and exemplary combat capabilities have ensured that his squad achieves the maximum possible result with the greatest possible efficiency. The bonds of brotherhood he has forged with his squad are amongst the most close-knit in the entire Chapter. Personally showed great valor and skill during combat against the Suysh. Credited with one solo Suysh Queen kill by weathering the alien’s fury at close range in order to slay it. [+Fellowship, +Toughness]<br/>
<br/>
<b>2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Assault Sergeant Obasi </b>– Substantially skilled combatant and leader of an assault marine squad. Leads by valorous example, inspiring those around him to greater heights as he plunged into the xeno lines again and again. Noted to be one of the most skilled swordsmen in the chapter, accomplishing many incredible deeds with only a chainsword and bolt pistol. Oddly indulgent with complaints and discussion amongst squad, but manages them well enough. [+Fellowship, +Weapon Skill]<br/>
<br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Terminator Sergeant Stromahn</b> – Any member of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company is one of the greatest veterans of the chapter, and Sergeant Stromahn is no different. A terminator under Chapter Master Angelos as far back as Tartarus, Stromahn has proven himself again and again. He has stood against the tide again and again to preserve the lives of his brothers, striking the foe with unrelenting fury while trusting in the artifice of his terminator armor to preserve him. The amount of glories he has won, and the sheer effort he puts into advising his brethren in battle and outside of it marks him as a solid foundation for younger brothers to seek out guidance from. [+Elder Veteran, +Guiding Heart]<br/>
<br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos – </b>Brother Minos has fought for the Chapter and specifically Chapter Master Angelos for an extensive period of time, always willingly at the forefront either as an assault marine or as an assault terminator. As a part of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company, Brother Minos fought the daemon Sindri Myr in person, withstood the ranged techno-sorcery of the Tau while facing a pack of krootox alone to allow his brothers to redeploy at the rear of the enemy formation, and survived the deadly battle of Aurelia that killed so many others. His close combat skills and flat refusal to fall no matter the injury until the battle is done has won many victories for the chapter. [+Elder Veteran, +Duels Like A Mountain]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Techmarine Janos</b> – Techmarine Janos proved himself willing to battle the technologies of the alien Suysh without hesitation, trusting in his skill and the Omnissiah to bring him to victory. During the Suysh campaign, he quickly and often chose to participate openly in battle, all the better to service the vehicles and wargear of his brothers even while under fire. His stoicism is already a growing legend, the steel in his spine quite possibly Omnissiah-given. [+Combat Engineer, +Willpower]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apothecary Talm</b> – Brother Talm seems almost upset at being as skilled and capable an apothecary that he is, though he has spoken to none other than the Chaplains about such things, if he does at all. He excises this discontent in the most appreciable of means: slaying the enemies of the Emperor whenever possible with a shotgun or plasma pistol while standing over the bodies of his brothers. It has been noted, more than once, that he was destined to be an exemplary devastator marine before being selected as an apothecary. [+Violent Protector, +Ballistic Skill]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apothcary Ikai</b> – During the battles against the Suysh, on those few occasions where Blood Ravens fell, Brother Ikai was the one who led the charge to retrieve them. Inevitably, his white armor was covered from head to toe in alien gore by the end of it, all to preserve the precious progenoid glands of his brothers. Though bereft of a jump pack, as skilled with the chainsword and as brash as he is, it is unsurprising that he was expected to be a superb assault marine before taken into the ranks of the apothecaries. [+Assault Apothecary, +Weapon Skill]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Chaplain Alastair</b> – Much to the consternation of the Master of the Apothecarion, Chaplain Alistair has readily followed the example of Hannibal Palrun, Master of Sanctity of the Blood Ravens. Alistair has proven a ready member of the Fist of Faith formation, utterly willing to weather the storm of enemy fire with nothing more than his body, and a violent inspiration to his brethren. All of which was done without a rosarius. Even so, his durability is matched perhaps only by the Master of Sanctity himself, with Chaplain Alastair also shielding the wounded with his own body. His battlefield sermons on fury and hatred are held up as examples even amongst his fellow Chaplains, his skill with a crozius and pistol undeniable. [+Toughness, +Thunderous Orator]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Chaplain Galloss</b> – Chaplain Galloss is an eccentric, even amongst the Chaplains, for his incredible quiet outside of battle. In the flames of war, he is just as bombastic and exulting as his fellows, but outside of it he rarely speaks much at all, leaving sermons for his brothers. Even so, his nature has allowed him to be remarkably capable of pinpointing chinks in the spiritual and mental armor of his brethren, speaking to them and buoying their faith and will in the aftermath of battle. By the time Chaplain Galloss has finished counseling any one marine, they are all the stronger for it, their souls tempered and salved with his aid. [+Fellowship, +War Counselor]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Chaplain Tasanor</b> – It has been remarked amongst the Chaplaincy that Brother Tasanor would have been a Company Champion were it not for his position. He has displayed incredible combat ability, even amongst fellow Astartes, and formed a highly effective part of the first Fist of Faith formation during the Suysh campaign. Though he wields a crozius, as is befitting his position, he also carries a multitude of other weapons depending on the enemy he is facing at the time. Displaying a remarkable flexibility in mentality for a chaplain, he encourages the same in his fellows when attached to squads, leading them to victory again and again. [+Encyclopedia of Violence, +Heroic Challenger]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Epistolary Lucan</b> – As a Codicier, Epistolary Lucan unearthed rare and powerful knowledge hidden within the Librarius of the Litany of Fury, left behind by the Librarian Jonah Orion before the fateful battle against Kyras began on the planet Cyrene. He dedicated many years to studying and mastering this knowledge before fully unleashing it in the Suysh campaign. Though not particularly skilled in visibly impressive abilities, Epistolary Lucan is a master at enhancing his brethren, greatly empowering their strength and psychically accelerating their very bodies until the squads he was attached to became little more than blurs amongst the enemy. Should they take wounds, he has proven quite the capable healer as well, albeit with the powers of his mind rather than the tools of the Apothecary, a legacy of Jonah Orion’s lessons. [+Psychic Booster, +Support Specialist]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Epistolary Flekton</b> – Though he is quite a capable Librarian, learned and powerful as befitting an Epistolary of the Blood Ravens, Brother Flekton has proven a true master of defensive psychic abilities, crafting powerful domes and barriers of pure thought that have withstood the most powerful weapons of tyranids, tau, greenskins, Suysh, and more. His wards also protect his brothers from intrusion into their minds and souls, and for those incredibly rare times that something bypasses his defenses he can quickly set about mending flesh with nothing more than his purifying will as the notable Librarian Jonah Orion once could. While providing and fortifying his barriers he is an able shot with pistol or psychic blast. [+Barrier Lord, +Support Specialist]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Epistolary Rasmus</b> – Though he is obviously capable, Rasmus does not often wield the most visible psychic powers known to the Chapter. Rather, he has proven himself to be a master with the unseen. Skilled at piercing the veil to analyze possible futures, tracking the enemy, communicating with fellow Librarians at great distances, Rasmus is no easy foe in combat either. He has proven adept at shattering the minds and shackling the nervous systems of his enemies, or utilizing technomancy to ruin their weapons and armor to allow his brothers to kill with impunity. Brother Rasmus has proven his abilities time and again. [+ Deadly Telepath, +Esoteric Master]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Epistolary Idmon </b>– Fighting within tight confines in the tunnels and caverns of the Suysh, Epistolary Idmon showed a true talent for geomancy and general telekinetic combat in excess of his other codicier level abilities. Whether literally throwing tanks or forming shields of stone and lightning, Idmon proved himself a deadly foe to the enemies of Mankind. He is credited with slaying a Suysh Queen by literally bringing the cavern down around it, manipulating hundreds of tons of rock into spikes that obliterated the foul alien and its Royal Guard at the same time. At other time, he formed new tunnels and entrances that allowed his brothers to move flank the enemy easily. Metal and stone bend and twist with ease before him, and he seems to see through them almost as well. [+Geokiller, +Perception]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Codicier Aeneas</b> – Amongst his brother Librarians, Brother Aeneas has proven a duelist without peer. Such was his skill that the Librarius saw fit to release one of their most valuable relics, the blade of Azariah Moriah, thought lost to those not privy to information on what lies within the vaults of the Librarius. Furthermore, Brother Aeneas has proven an adept at teleporting through the warp into the bodies of his enemies, enhancing his own strength and speed to incredible levels. If his foes are at range, he can step through the veil to reach them. Even the Chief Librarian has voiced his acknowledgement of Brother Aeneas’ abilities, but at the same time Aeneas has not yet mastered some of the abilities required of an Epistolary. It is rumored that this is deliberate, so that Aeneas may be deployed wherever he can rather than being forced to be stationed in any single Company. [+Champion Duelist, +Teleport Specialist] <b>Entrusted with the Relic known as the Blade of the Martyr</b></div>
  </body>
</html>