<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 38 Results - 2488.5 - Part 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 38 Results - 2488.5 - Part 4</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] The We

Tally



While you spend some time considering building greater ties to the local population of Karak Eight Peaks or trying to rope in Cython, in the end the We win out in your mind. Your long-term ambitions with the library depend on building up an institutional memory among those that will be taking care of its day-to-day operations while you're not here and eventually when you're gone, and if you can bring the We in, that instantly goes from a significant challenge to a given. And while they currently lack a great deal of even the basic knowledge they'll require for the task, all of that can be taught to them, but you can't really teach a librarian of any other species to be in constant communication and perfect harmony with the rest of the library staff at all times.

You go over your pitch as you make your way to the We's nest beneath the Citadel, though you're quite certain they'll accept for rather complicated reasons. Though a We could be effectively immortal, their memories were not. Anything stored in one of the minds of a We would last only as long as the individual Hunter or Webweaver or Egglayer that contained that memory. For information to outlive its container required it to be repeated back and forth in the constant stream of communication that a We maintained, giving name to the concept of 'Echo'. But this requires some measure of conscious effort to do, is limited to the number of living minds within a We, and the turnover of those minds could be quite high when suffering from Warpstone poisoning, attacks by Skaven, and a lack of food.

The We might have a much better chance at immortality than any given human, but though this frees them of anxiety at the inevitability of death, it's replaced with the angst at the inevitability of forgetting. The amount of memories a We accumulates will always increase, but the amount of memories they're able to contain is always limited by their food supply. The memories of the We you know could theoretically go back all the way to the genesis of the consciousness of the very first We, but instead they only become unbroken and reliable upon their arrival at Karak Eight Peaks. The concept of writing, of the ability to record information that can last indefinitely without requiring a constant caloric upkeep, has the potential to change the way of life of the We as thoroughly, though hopefully more positively, as necromancy did to the Nehekharans.

"I hear that you're considering splitting," you say to the spokesspider inside what you take to be a meeting room within its nest, as the floor is free of webbing and they have acquired a few battered chairs from somewhere.

"Sufficient food, very good many-food. Black-Crag-green-four-legs hunting is four-eighths sufficient, small-food is one-eighths sufficient, gold-food is three-eighths sufficient. Gauntlet-We will be closer to Black-Crag-green-four-legs, can hunt deeper into their tunnels. Could also hunt in old tunnels of the smaller-not-green-four-legs, or in the above. Different nest in different place, will learn different hunts. Gold-food means can spend much time learning without no-food."

"That's actually what I wanted to speak to you about. Would a split-We be able to live on only gold-food?"

There's a moment as the Webweaver considers that, its pedipalps wavering uncertainly. "If Karak-We has enough gold-food," they conclude. "But for what purpose?"

"I am building a great book-nest, with books from the Karaz-We and the Empire-We and all the other biggest-Wes. Normally not-green-four-legs would act as Webweavers to keep it clean and organized, and as Hunters to protect it. But not-We are only ever one, so this would need many not-We, and each not-We would need to learn how to tend and protect the book-nest. But a split-We would only need to learn once, and would then only get better at tending and protecting."

"Book-nest for you?"

"For all not-food of the Karak-We's many-foods."

"You would let other-We take your books?" they asks, pedipalps drooping in befuddlement.

"No. They may read the books and take it into their Echo, or pay not-food-gold to have copies made. But the books will remain, and be added to, and only ever grow larger. If anyone seeks to take books that are not copies, they must be defended against."

It chitters in agreement at that. "Where is book-nest?"

"The mountain known as Kvinn-Wyr." You think for a moment, and then point. "That direction, at about this depth."

"Near larger-not-green-four-legs above-tunnel?" The human gate, so the Eastern Gate. You nod. "There are old tunnels of smaller-not-green-four-legs near there. Split-We will be able to hunt them."

"They would." You suppose it makes sense that a being so used to getting sustenance through hunting would be hesitant to give it up entirely, and the We hunting in the old mines would make it easier for when the Karak gets around to reclaiming them. Or, you belatedly realize, they might be worried about food security, as they're yet to fully grasp how deep the Karak's pockets are, and how much deeper the We's silk might make them. "And the split-We could still exchange silk for gold."

"Karak-We has hunger for silk enough for two We?" they ask.

"Karaz-We and Empire-We has hunger for silk. Enough hunger for many more We."

The room goes silent as the constant background noise of the hive's activity goes silent, as the entire attentions of the We are focused upon this decision. "Split-We will try book-nest," it eventually declares. "If many-food continues, split-We will build We-nest in book-nest. Otherwise must no-food to Black-Crag-tunnel."

You smile at the warning. "That is acceptable."

"We will lay eggs for split-We. Will be ready for split in..." It takes a while to think. Above-ground timekeeping has not come naturally to the We. "Six-eights above-fire."

Six weeks, then. Thankfully, the base-eight thinking of the We translates easy to an eight-day week. "I will have the masons ready to build a chamber or chambers for their nest to their specifications, and I will organize trainers to teach them how to maintain a book-nest."

That last bit is easier said than done, but the reputation of a Dwarven King is a useful thing. You smile to yourself as you picture the announcement soon to be distributed to scholarly guilds and learning institutions throughout the Old World. 'King Belegar of Karak Eight Peaks seeks Loremasters and Scholars to train a colony of large and non-hostile spiders in librarianship...'

---

When you received Branulhune, you had thought that the sheer force its Runes allowed it to strike with meant that any defence against it would be fruitless. But the Expedition to Karag Dum taught you that there are beings fast enough to catch Branulhune mid-swing, and there are beings with the favour of Gods that are quite capable of overruling even Kragg's Runes. The paradox of an irresistible force and an immovable object might make for an interesting thought experiment, but the middle of combat is no place to be testing it. The Rune of the Unknown might allow you to bypass even the swiftest or most durable of defences, letting Branulhune disappear just as it was to impact a parry or block and reappear on the other side to continue on to strike the opponent.

In a way, the idea of the guard bypass is similar to that of the momentum dump, but where the momentum dump takes advantage of the fact that Branulhune is motionless when it is summoned, the guard bypass is at war with it. When you swing a greatsword at an enemy you're putting a lot of energy into that strike, and Branulhune disappearing and reappearing might bypass defences, but it appears without the speed it had an instant ago. Imperial greatswording techniques have no answer to this problem, but this is where the influence of the Order of Guardians begins to shine. Like all Dwarven martial styles, they take it for granted that they might need to fight in confined spaces, so they have a series of drills and techniques to increase swinging power without needing a full wind-up.

[Branarhune training: Martial, 9+23+7(Library: Greatswords)=39.]

It takes some trial and error to adapt the ones that Gunnars taught you into something that can be applied mid-swing, and then a lot of practice to be able to trigger it at what would have been the moment of impact and then to resummon the blade in time. Due to safety measures built into the Rune itself, Branulhune refuses to be summoned when there is something in the way, which Kragg only gives a few dire hints about before disappearing back into his workshop, but you glean enough for it to be clear that it's for similar reasons to the dangers of Substance of Shadow. Reality is built on the assumption that all matter has its own space, and using magic to break that rule tends to have unpredictable and dangerous consequences. Wizards are cautioned not to, but Runesmiths just don't let you. So you don't just need to flicker it away and back again, you need to be able to identify and swing in an arc where there is space to resummon Branulhune inside the opponent's guard.

It would be a vast understatement to say that this presents significant logistical challenges. While it is possible to deactivate the Runes on Branulhune so it can be maintained and sparred with safely, it is not possible to deactivate individual Runes, so you cannot safely practice with the Rune of the Unknown against any living person without making it extremely likely that person will end up extremely dead. You take up a training blade the size and weight of Branulhune and spend some time within the training halls of the Undumgi anyway, having those that wish to hone their defensive skills block and parry your swings while you study the way they do so and do your best to identify where the guard bypass might be used. Then you have the carpenters of Karag Nar build you a series of training dummies in the shape of where those opportunities exist. The dummies prove absurdly fragile, of course, but the silver lining to this is that it gives you more incentive to get it right, as obliterating a training dummy with a mistimed strike to the guard that blows right through it is immensely frustrating when you only have a few dummies a day to work with.

At the end of a few weeks of this, it would be a vast overstatement to call yourself happy with the results, especially compared with the results of developing the quick-draw. But short of seeking out some novel means of practicing it or honing it in live combat, it's about as advanced as it's going to get. You do your best to convince yourself that you're content with that, and turn your attention elsewhere.

[Branarhune aspect developed: guard bypass. Remaining aspect: hand switching.]
[Branarhune stretch goal identified: double tap. Strike at an enemy's guard, let the impact damage or destroy what they parry or block with, dismiss and resummon Branulhune to rid yourself of the rebound energy, then swing again using the Order of Guardian's techniques.]

---

"I believe it to have belonged to a cultist of Stromfels," you say to the Hochlander as you lead him down the alley. "And then they came off second-best in some kind of cosmic turf war with Manhorak, a local god of floodings and wetlands, leading it to sink into the ground and then be built over. This alley is currently only accessible by the street, which only I have the key to, and by the tavern, the owner of which I have an understanding with."

He frowns at the unassuming shack that the trapdoor is built into. "More comings and goings means that this might not be sufficient. The other doors might be boarded up, but there's more windows than I like overseeing the alley."

You nod. "If you acquire the tavern outright you could build the entrance into it. Or you could use the sewers for comings and goings like the local criminal element do."

"No other inhabitants down there?"

"None that I encountered during my own comings and goings. It could be that the War Below hasn't spread this far yet." You climb down the ladder, taking up a lantern that you kept by the entrance, and run an eye over the room. That there's a thin layer of dust instead of a layer of mud over the furniture you left behind proves that the foundations are solid, at least.

"Any remnant of Stromfels?" the Hochlander asks as he climbs down after you.

"No, I exorcised Him in favour of someone more cooperative. I'd recommend either maintaining the shrine for those of your employees who might share the same faith, or sealing it up and using another room if you wish to set up a shrine to someone else. Either way, you'll probably start getting cats coming in and out again once there's people here to annoy. Putting out food for them will keep the vermin out."

You walk him through the excavated rooms, and he nods as he runs a critical eye over the bookshelves that once contained your very nascent library. "Surprisingly dry," he concludes. "I'd thought that might be a problem if there was paperwork coming in and out, but it looks like this should be fine. I'll map out the local tunnels, figure out the comings and goings and see if it'll be possible to connect directly to the EIC building. What are the possibilities for expansion?"

"I never did map out the full extent of the building, and the digging paid for itself with what I was able to salvage from under the mud. Once you hit that limit, it's up to you whether you think it will be easier to build downwards or buy upwards."

"This should do nicely."

You nod, and can't fully keep a nostalgic smile off your face as you take another look around. "It was a lucky find," you say, "and I'm glad it'll see more use."

---

The Windsoak mushrooms have been hovering in the back of your mind for a while now, as you vacillated on whether to treat your inability to create Chamon and Shyish variants as the project being incomplete or as an immutable fact of the inherent properties of those Winds that you need to accept. But in the end you decide to publish what you have and let the rest of the academic landscape wrestle with the problem instead. You are a Grey Wizard, after all, and if you could be said to specialize in anything, that thing is not mycology. If the field of thaumomycology is to be developed, and then those of of necrothaumomycology and alchemothaumomycology invented, it will be by others. Perhaps in a greenhouse of the Gold Order or in a Garden of Morr somewhere there exists the crossover of skills that can achieve this, and the entire point of academia is that you don't have to spend your limited time and energy seeking those people out. You can simply publish and let those with interest and expertise in the subject take the next step.

[Writing the book on Windsoak Mushrooms, Learning: 12+29+7(Library: Sevir)+2(Library: Dwarven Agriculture)=50.]

It proves to be something of an uphill battle, and for quite a while the only progress you make is getting your notes properly organized and hammering out the proper vocabulary for describing the processes. While you are rather familiar with the Winds, you're less so with fungi, and if it weren't for your books on Dwarven agriculture to work from you might have hit a rather significant roadblock. You can't quite recall when and why you acquired those, but you're glad you did.

By the time you take a break from it, you've described what you know of the origins of the mushrooms and carefully detailed the procedures for creating each of the mono-Wind varieties. Reading back through it is something of a challenge, but while it might not be the most gripping work you've ever produced, you suppose a book on mushrooms was never going to be a page-turner.

[Book on the Windsoak Mushrooms: 1/2 actions completed.]

---

Thus concludes the work Mathilde performed these past months, but not every waking moment was filled with work. With whom did she spend her free time? The five with the most votes will be chosen, not counting those locked in.

[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)

Laurelorn
[ ] Max
The entire time you've known Maximilian, he has been pursuing his own goal of true transmutation via magically-enhanced blacksmithing. Check in to see how he's going with that.
[ ] Thorek
See what inroads Thorek has made with the Major Houses of Tor Lithanel.
[ ] Magister Tochter Grunfeld
Get to know Tochter Grunfeld, ritualist, traditionalist, and veteran of the Sylvanian Campaign.
[ ] Zlata
Get to know the young woman who is the Ice Witch contribution to the Waystone Project.
[ ] Lector Aksel
Learn more of the Hedgewise who venerate Halétha, Goddess of the Forest of Shadows.
[ ] Lecturer Sarvoi
Learn more of the Hekartian understanding of and relationship with the Winds.

Karak Eight Peaks
[ ] Gretel
She's apparently getting involved in the Karaz Ankor's ambitions in the Border Princes.
[ ] Okri
The new Loremaster of Karak Eight Peaks is Okri Drakkisson of Clan Bronzebeard, formerly of Karak Norn. Meet your replacement and gauge what kind of person he is.

Foreign Relations
[ ] Stirland
See for yourself how the war against Sylvania is progressing.
[ ] Middenland
See how the Ulricans are going with their new Eonir coreligionists.
[ ] Karaz-a-Karak
To investigate their preparations for the Mount Silverspear campaign.
[ ] The Black Water Canal
Pay another visit to the canal project, and see if there's any further signs of sabotage.

Friends Abroad
[ ] Roswita
Get a sense for who will control Sylvania after you turned down the position.
[ ] Kasmir
See how his partnership with Sylvania's native faith has been going.

Following Up
[ ] Brief the Emperor
Though the Waystone Project is in very early days, the sheer amount of disparate traditions you've brought under the one roof could be seen as reason enough to boast to the highest authority.
[ ] Amber College
Check in on the salamanders.
[ ] Gold College
See what's become of their research into Skaven technology.
[ ] Organ Vat
Follow up on your donation of the Skaven organ-vat, and see what has been made of it.
[ ] Skull River Ambush
Look into the investigation of the mining of the Skull River, and any consequences of it.
[ ] The Weber Estate
Pay a visit to your fief, to see if anything has changed. It probably hasn't.

- There will be a two hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>