<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 - 2480.5 - Foes Near, Foes Far</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 - 2480.5 - Foes Near, Foes Far</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] The entire Council. They can be trusted.
[*] Try to uplift the We. Fill them with knowledge until they're able to understand what the big deal is, then have them decide how they want to act.
[*] Branul Lhune, "the art of cleverness in moonlight" or Moonlit Wit.
[*] Bar Rikkaz, 'Way Opener', 'Door Crusher', 'Nevertheless, Hammer'



The many visitors to Eight Peaks drift away in the days following the ceremony, as Anton takes a gyrocopter to hunt down mercenaries, Wilhelmina hitches a ride with an EIC carriage, and Roswita again rides with King Byrrnoth. With Alkharad's warning still fresh in her mind, she turns down your offer of a gyrocopter, and will instead travel by river and be met at Black Fire Pass by Gustav and his finest Outriders. Though she never seems entirely at ease in your presence, she doesn't go out of her way to avoid it, and when you part you wish her luck in her campaign against the Undead and mean it.

Life in Eight Peaks returns to some semblance of normal, and with the Council convening once more you find yourself wishing you'd feigned an excuse to arrive late - Prince Gotri is delighted to be able to show off a completed Engineering Bay, and the elevator that lets the gyrocopters be moved from the level of their individual bays, and either politeness or Dwarf thoroughness means nobody speaks up as he shows off each new tool and implement he's gathered for the repairs of the temperamental and fiddly machines. When he finally finishes, the Council reconvenes in the Council Chamber, other reports concerning inaccessible or distant accomplishments.

"It's the Lhune Depths," Dreng reports, speaking of the source of the air that combined with the fire in the elevator shaft to turn Karag Lhune into a chimney. "It must surface somewhere, because huge amounts of air were being sucked through it by the fire. By all accounts, it was never close to fully mapped before the Karak fell, and there's no telling whether it's always had an opening or three thousand years of seismic activity have opened something."

"Have a grating installed at the bottom of the elevator shaft, then," King Belegar says. "We've no time to solve the mysteries of the past just now. How go the war preparations?"

"Sufficient provisions for the Throng of Karak Azul and any others that may join the fight, and ammunition enough for anything short of a prolonged siege."

"Good. Have your Rangers start probing Karagril. Get as much information as you can without tipping them off that we're coming. Princess Edda, what of my ships?"

She shrugs. "Under normal circumstances they'd be willing, but the Barak Varr navy is crash-expanding and they've got neither ships nor shipyards to spare." You keep a neutral expression, fairly sure you're at least indirectly responsible for that.

"Prince Gotri, can you build ships?"

He shakes his head. "Completely different Guild, completely different paradigm."

"Can you build a shipyard, then?"

He considers that. "I could," he decides. "Or at least get it to within a few tools and tweaks of suitable."

"Head to Ulrikadrin and get started, have their Grand Master pay me a visit at his convenience to negotiate the details. Prince Kazrik, how were things in the Hornhold?"

He hesitates, torn between disclosure and discretion. "Things between the King and his heir are thawing. There is no question in the succession."

"Good enough for me. Last thing the Karaz Ankor needs is a succession crisis. Go get me a shipwright. Barak Varr preferably, but failing that try Zhufbar or even Karak Kadrin. Get an experienced Journeyman if you can't get a Master. If need be we can make do with barges and gunboats. Gunnars?"

"Unsalvageable. It's been filled in with the stone from the amphitheatre, and the door has been bricked up."

"Once we retake Karagril, we'll build it anew. Set up temporary shrines in the Chiselwards. Grungni, Valaya, Smednir... Prince Gotri, Morgrim?"

"We've got a shrine set up in the Engineering Bay."

"Gunnars, check if Kragg or Thorek require a shrine to Thungni, too." He nods. "Mathilde, you had news?"

You produce a square of fabric from your pocket and slide it across the table to Edda, who frowns at it and picks it up. "We've had the first of the successful caravans return, but I don't-"

"It's not from Cathay. It's from here. From the We."

Belegar grasps it first, his eyes locking on the square of fabric as he starts to calculate. Princess Edda slides the fabric over to him and he examines it carefully. "The Elves are said to muck about in spidersilk, but that's some damn-fool business with thousands of regular-size ones. But these..."

"The individual strands are as fine as that of normal spiders, they just use more of them," you say. "They've got different types for different purposes. That silk comes from the Egg-Layer, the Web-Weavers produce a different type that would make an amazing rope, and the silk of the Hunters could be made into excellent armour. Light as cloth, strong as chain." One doesn't make a claim like that in front of a crowd of Dwarves without being able to back it up, and you produce a significantly larger sample that Maximilian's inexpert fingers managed to weave into something resembling fabric. Eyes go from Belegar's Ironhammer, to your Branulhune, to Dreng's runic hammer, to Prince Kazrik's axe bearing runes of his own creation, to Prince Gotri's delicate engineering hammer, and Princess Edda sighs, turns demurely away, and retrieves a small axe from somewhere under the numerous layers of clothing Dwarves habitually wore. She removes the leather cover from the blade and in a surprisingly savage overhand swing gives the silk her best shot, and the crack that reverberates around the room and the ping of ricocheting stone reveal that in a fight between Dwarven steel and spider-silk, the loser was the table.

"I would've killed them," King Belegar says slowly. "Even after the Gorzhufokri got them talking, if anyone but you had suggested making an accord with them, I'd have had them shoo the beasts into the Underway and then doubled the guard in case they came back."

"I'd've too," Dreng agrees. "But they're not forest spiders, they're not cave spiders. I've been teaching them to share information with the patrols."

"So, how do..." King Belegar trails off, trying to find a way to phrase it.

"It's difficult. I can definitely draw parallels to your ancestors and mine, when the Dwarves first taught those who would become the Empire to shape metal. But while it seems the We isn't quite a single entity, it's closer to that than being multiple. So... imagine a primitive human, alone but content. He spends his time hunting for food, and every time he goes to the river, he leans in and plucks out a nugget of gold. And he'll build himself a little hut with walls of gold nuggets, and when it comes time for him to move on to find new hunting grounds, he throws all the gold back in the river, knowing he'll just find more in his new home. If you've made an ally of this human because of his skill with the bow, what do you do when you find out about the gold?"

There's a busy and slightly guilty silence. Dwarves in general don't appreciate metaphor, seeing it as manling foolishness that needlessly complicates issues, but this one is straightforward enough to do its purpose - get past them thinking of the We as spiders, and getting them to think of them as a person.

You continue on. "We could ask that if he's finished making his hut, when he pulls new gold out of the river, could he give it to us? And he probably would. If his hut is finished, he's got no need for it. Or you could tell him that you'll supply a nice house and all the food he needs if he spent all day by the river finding gold for you. But while both of these leave him no worse off and can even benefit him, we are profiting by the naivete of our ally. And to put aside the moral concerns - and it would be very easy to say that we need to put our lives first, and the trickery could buy us weapons or mercenaries - the thing about the We is that it is curious, it is logical, it is patient, and it is learning. It is within our power to take what advantage we can until it learns just how hard we've been bilking it. But the only sustainable solution is that we teach it, at least until the point where it understands enough to make an informed deal. For now we take what cast-offs it will give us and offer it food for more, but keep a record of every inch of it until the day it is able to name its price and then pay it every copper penny that it didn't know to ask for previously."

"Couldn't we," King Belegar begins, and then stops. "No. You're right. This being is our ally, and it would shame us to take advantage of it."

"My impression is that if we supply reading materials it will get itself there in time, but it is encountering a great many concepts it doesn't understand. It will take time and patience."

King Belegar looks to Dreng wordlessly, who frowns in thought and then shrugs. "I'll ask it for silk, and offer it food, but I wouldn't know where to begin."

"Mathilde, see to the education, whatever method you think best. Dreng, if your Rangers can take captives that would be ideal, but don't risk lives. We're already importing livestock, we can import more. Princess Edda, start a ledger - record every scrap of silk and every beast we end up feeding them, and what we paid for them. Start recruiting weavers, and make it clear there's a new Clan in the offering. That should get us a Master or two. Leave Karak Azul and Barak Varr and Karaz-a-Karak until last - I want weavers that have known jute and flax and hemp and sheep-wool, not just mycelium and goat. Prince Kazrik, while you're in Barak Varr stop in at the Dyer's Guild, let the Grandmaster know that King Belegar would appreciate an audience at his convenience - no idea if the stuff will take to dye but it's worth a shot. No point letting a single unworked strand out of the Karak, it'd be throwing gold away."

---

"Talked to Byrrnoth," Belegar says as the others file out. "Seemed quite taken with the Elector Countess. Mentioned she seemed to be in a spot of bother."

"When Castle Drakenhof was destroyed and nobody responded, it banished all the lingering fears the other vampires had about the von Carsteins. They see Sylvania as the ideal fief."

"Seems to be the story of all our foes. Knock one over, two takes their place." He scratches his beard in thought. "I'd not say no to you working your magic, literal and otherwise, in Karagril. But if you think you can make a difference in Sylvania, take a squad of Hammerers and a flight of gyrocopters. Wave the banner and all that, show off your new sword. Probably won't make a difference in time for Karagril, but there'll be plenty more battles after that and we can use all the help we can get."

---

Because I forgot the purchases last turn, and because I will be travelling for the next five days, this set of voting will be in two stages. For the first 24 hours, voting is to be restricted to the tower/library/rune/enchantment purchases. This vote will close automatically instead of being announced by myself. After that, voting can begin on the actions.

[ ] Tower of Dawn and Dusk - with ritual and material and expert consultation, make your Tower like a tuning fork for Ulgu. Bonus to enchantment, rituals, spell learning, spell making, and power stone creation within the tower. 250gc, 5 College favours.
[ ] Tower of Oh Dear - with a series of very prominent buttons easily accessible from anywhere in the room, be able to drain all magical energies in three heartbeats. Near-complete immunity to miscasts and any other conceivable magical threat. 200gc, 3 College favours, 3 Dwarf favours.
[ ] Tower of Serenity - Perfect temperature, perfect level of background noise, perfect conditions to get those bloody papers written. Or for someone else to do it for you. It even has a rune to keep your drink warm. Every turn, writing or dictating 1 paper costs no actions. 300gc, 3 College favours, 1 Dwarf favour.
[ ] Tower of the Burning Shadow - to your sorrow, Burning Shadows cannot be cast on a mountain. To your delight, there's a way around that. There may not be a practical purpose to this, but deep in your soul you know you want to turn the entire shadow of Karag Nar into acid. 150gc, 4 College favours.

[ ] [LIBRARY] No purchase.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Write-in.

[ ] [RUNE] No purchase.
[ ] [RUNE] Write-in.

[ ] [ENCHANTMENT] No purchase.
[ ] [ENCHANTMENT] Write-in.

[ ] [PURCHASE] No purchase.
[ ] [PURCHASE] Write-in.

---

Mandatory Actions: Pick one from each category.

Journeyman Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] Allow him to spend all his time on his metalworking studies.
[ ] Have Maximilian learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] Have Maximilian learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] Have Maximilian study your Skaven firearms.
[ ] Have Maximilian study your Eshin throwing star.
[ ] Educate the We.
[ ] Previous Task: Have Maximilian perform or assist with spider autopsies.
[ ] Have Maximilian attempt to write a paper (choose which from 'Publish or Perish')
[ ] Have Maximilian write papers on subjects you dictate.

Magister Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] Allow Johann to spend all his time investigating the Skaven (Choose: Clan Moulder, Mors, Skryre or Eshin)
[ ] Allow Johann to study the Ratling Gun.
[ ] Have Johann study your Skaven firearms.
[ ] Have Johann study your Eshin throwing star.
[ ] Have Johann join you for your adventure in Karagril.
[ ] Have Johann join you for your adventure in Sylvania.
[ ] Have Johann learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] Have Johann learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] Previous Task: Have Johann perform or assist with spider autopsies.
[ ] Have Johann attempt to write a paper (choose which from 'Publish or Perish')

The Eastern Imperial Company
Your outstanding debt: 1,000 gc
Your share of EIC profits: 100 gc / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Handgun Factory in Blutdorf (Grand Opening in 18 months)
[ ] Put policies in place that local news should be collected and sent to you (rumour mill).
[ ] Have those supplying the Stirland Army keep you informed of events in the Sylvanian Campaign.
[ ] Have the Eight Peaks branch keep a careful eye on the mood and actions of the Undumgi.
[ ] Have the Eight Peaks branch keep a careful eye on the mood and actions of the non-Undumgi civilians of Karag Nar.
[ ] Found an internal investigation division, to investigate possible misconduct.
[ ] Found an auditors division, to make sure the ledgers are in order.
[ ] Start hiring handlers who can then start hiring informers and begin to collect non-public information.
[ ] Reach out to Julia to find out if she's interested in being poached or passing on information.


Personal Actions: choose between five and seven. Specify the additional action or actions. On a poor unmodified die roll (<40) these will suffer from inattention or will not have as much time available as they should. On a terrible roll (<10), botching the task or suffering long term consequences will result.

Current Task:
[ ] Educate the We yourself.
[ ] Hire an open-minded Loremaster from a Young Hold to teach the We. [does not cost an action or your money]
[ ] Hire an Altdorf professor to teach the We. [does not cost an action or your money]
[ ] Hire a Priest of Verena to teach the We. [does not cost an action or your money]
[ ] Hire a Priest of Esmerelda to teach the We. [does not cost an action or your money]
[ ] Hire a Priest of Taal or Rhya to teach the We. [does not cost an action or your money]
[ ] Karagril: Carefully map as much of the mountain as you can.
[ ] Karagril: Sabotage weapons, equipment, and food.
[ ] Karagril: Assassinate competent leaders.
[ ] Karagril: Spread terror among the greenskins.
[ ] Sylvania: Teach Stirland's officers the strategies and weaknesses of the Undead.
[ ] Sylvania: Give Roswita's Greatswords a crash course in everything they should already know, and then some more.
[ ] Sylvania: Investigate the attempts on Roswita's life, and see if you can determine the mechanisms, spells, and controls that make it possible.
[ ] Sylvania: Investigate Alkharad for yourself, and if a good opportunity arises, take it.
[ ] Sylvania: Investigate the Strigoi of Hunger Wood, and see if you can add another skull to your collection.
[ ] Sylvania: Investigate the Lahmians of Waldenhof and Mikalsdorf, and if you can, teach them why their kind usually remains behind the scenes.
[ ] Sylvania: Investigate the Blood Knights of Tempelhof, and if you can get one on their own, see how their vaunted skills measure up.
[ ] Sylvania: Investigate all the Vampires as efficiently as possible, seeking only information, not opportunities.
[ ] Establish a weekly meeting for the various Journeymanlings and Ducklings that you've accumulated, so you can keep tabs on what they're up to and assist and intervene as necessary.

Self-Improvement:
[ ] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
[ ] Hire a trainer to come to Eight Peaks and teach you: specify what. (costs favours for Dwarf trainers, money for human ones)
[ ] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)
[ ] Attempt to learn a spell from College-supplied scrolls (specify which)
[ ] Gain enough control of your unruly shadow to still it temporarily.
[ ] Practice shooting while invisible.

Karak Eight Peaks, friendly:
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Night Prowler - an underlit and disreputable pub for those who value privacy to gather. Guaranteed cloaked stranger in every corner. Costs 100gc.
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Gambler - a gambling hall with clean cards, guaranteed unloaded dice, fresh sawdust in the fighting ring, and a lottery every Festag. Costs 100gc.
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Deceiver - a pawn shop filled with strange knick-knacks, odd devices, foreign books, and a shopkeep that knows more than they should. Costs 100gc.
[ ] You have set up a Shrine to Ranald. Expand it into a Temple to the Protector - a clean and respectable tavern for Undumgi to visit after they finish their patrols. Costs 100gc.
[ ] Crime is inevitable, so it may as well be organized crime. Send word to Heideck and make sure that when an underworld emerges, it will be a Ranaldian one. This cannot be tracked back to you.
[ ] Crime is inevitable, so it may as well be organized crime. Send word to Heideck to send individuals who will construct an underworld under your command. This will be concealed, but could be tracked back to you. Will be under your control; 2 organisations cost 1 action per turn.

Karak Eight Peaks, hostile:
[ ] Kvinn-Wyr is full of trolls. Investigate this for yourself.
[ ] Travel underneath Kvinn-Wyr and investigate Karag Mhonar.
[ ] Travel through the Underway into Karag Yar, to investigate Clan Eshin.
[ ] You've mapped the territory of Clan Mors. Go down there and cause some havoc.
[ ] You've mapped the territory of Clan Mors. Go down there and see what you can acquire.
[ ] Clan Moulder are set up under Karagril. Investigate.
[ ] Investigate underneath Karag Lhune: the Lhune Deeps and the Grand Abyss.

Research:
[ ] You've got Ranald's Coin around your neck. Study it to see if you can gain an insight into Divine Energy.
[ ] Send to the Grey College for the appropriate scrolls to learn a specific spell: specify which.
[ ] Investigate how Pall of Darkness interacts with your sharpened magical senses.
[ ] Investigate how the We communicates with... itself?
[ ] Investigate the Skaven firearms, including the warpstone alloy bullet and the warpstone-impregnated gunpowder.
[ ] Investigate the Skaven throwing star, that somehow remains constantly sticky with venom.
[ ] The Second Secret of Dhar teaches how to collapse it upon itself. Practice upon local Dhar taint, and very cautiously see if this works with Warpstone.
[ ] Try to establish a relationship with the Cult of Verena, with the intent of offering them access to your rarer tomes in exchange for copies of some of their own.

Aethyric Vitae (15 gallons):
[ ] Investigate the exact circumstances required to induce a transformation.
[ ] Investigate how living things react to exposure to the Vitae.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to Dwarven magic-dampening Runes. (2 Dwarf favours)
[ ] Attempt to interest one of the currently present Runesmiths in the interaction between Runes and Vitae. (Will start at the top and work your way down)
[ ] Call in favours to get a specific Runesmith to examine the interaction between Runes and Vitae with you.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts with Divine Magic.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to a power stone.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to being subjected to power stone creation methods.
[ ] Instead of seeking the secrets of the blood, simply see if it can be weaponized in some way.

Enchantment and Spell Creation:
[ ] Enchant an item with a Relatively Simple or easier spell (specify what and which)
[ ] Attempt to create a spell (must have been previously said to have been plausible by me, have the post where I did so handy)

Publish or Perish (if Max is writing papers you dictate, two of the below can be selected for a single action):
[ ] Collate the information that the Army of Stirland collected during the Purge.
[ ] Write a paper on the Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition.
[ ] Write a paper on your personal understanding of countering Waaagh Magic.
[ ] Write a paper on the Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual.
[ ] Write a paper on Mathilde's Multidimensional Aethyric Projection.
[ ] Write a paper on the physiology and venom of the We.
[ ] Write a paper on the psychology and social structure of the We.
[ ] Write a preliminary paper on Aethyric Vitae.

Karag Nar Penthouse: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category. Additional selections cost actions.
[ ] Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
[ ] Have additional rooms excavated underneath your Penthouse: -50gc for 2 rooms.
Setting up rooms for specific purposes will have to wait until new rooms are constructed or excavated. Only one construction or excavation can take place at a time, but you can do one of each.
Building downwards will increase by 1 each time; second set of excavated rooms will be 3 rooms, third will be 4, and so on.
Building upwards can be added upon; towers can be added on to or additional towers can be built. The distinction between the two is entirely cosmetic.

Personal Relations:
[ ] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: specify who and how.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and a Very Good Boy. Train him. (increases his intelligence, he may learn to speak Praestantia)
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and very magical. Deepen your familiar bond. (may unlock a new familiar ability; risks obsession)


Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: describe how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so.


- Due to the coming Social Turn, you no longer get a free choice in Personal Relations.
- Starting a few hours after this is posted, I will be travelling for the next five days. If there is anything unclear or missing from the above, please let me know quickly. I don't know how much time I'll have free, so even though it's quite possible I'll still keep up and answer questions and whatnot, operate under the assumption I'll be gone until six days from this post. Please keep things civil until then, and if a topic starts getting heated or weird, I'd appreciate you moving away from it, at least temporarily.
- I've given the Sword the two most popular names, and I've tweaked the first into Branulhune, as the double-L in Branul Lhune feels awkward to me.
- I've been asked about rifles; if you wish Mathilde to purchase one, enter it as merely 'rifle' under Purchase. There will be several options available, running from 100 to 500 gc.
- There will be a chance to act in Karagril before the army marches (as an interlude or mini-turn), but what you can achieve in a day or two does not compare to what you can achieve in a month.
- If one of the Vampire type-specific Sylvania options are chosen, Mathilde will only engage if she judges her odds as very good, and will avoid unfavourable fights.
- Only one education option for the We need be chosen; if that option fails, you can choose another later. The We are patient. ONLY PICK ONE EDUCATION OPTION.
- You can write in another education method, but take my advice: 'throw wizards at it' is not the solution here, and besides, they'll snipe your papers.
- This is the first and last turn of the half-action grace period. I start rounding up instead of down next turn.

- VOTING MORATORIUM: For the first 24 hours, voting is to be restricted to the tower/library/rune/enchantment/purchase options. This vote will close automatically instead of being announced by myself. After that, voting can begin on the actions.
  </body>
</html>