<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Trouble in Talabheim, Part 5</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Trouble in Talabheim, Part 5</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[X] Plan Close the Noose
-[X] Scour the city: The Longshanks
You know that Alberich is somewhere northwest of Bad Dankerode, which means Talabheim or Talagaad, and his time in the warp would have made him at the very least unsettling, and possibly visibly mutated him. A manhunt might find him, but you'd need to approach someone with the manpower or the authority to perform such a hunt. Some examples would be: the Elector Count of Talabecland, the Cult of Taal and Rhya, the Longshanks, the City Watch, the City Militia, the Taalbaston Guard.
-[X] Research: Alberich's form
Alberich would not have been unchanged from a trip to and return from the Chaos realm. Research what changes may have occurred to him that may help you locate him.

Tally



The Holy Order of the Templars of Sigmar have their headquarters in the Great Temple of Sigmar in Altdorf, not to be confused with the Great Cathedral of Sigmar. It is a large and imposing structure more resembling a castle than a traditional temple, and quite a number of those that are taken into it are never seen to emerge again. But while its labyrinthine network of subterranean gaol cells and crypts are the most infamous part of the structure, the above-ground portions of the Temple house the more prosaic elements of the Order, including the accumulated paperwork of every report made by the Templars since Magnus the Pious ordered their centralization and partial secularization. Somewhere in all of that is the unredacted report on the events in the Eastern Wing of Eagle Castle, and somewhere in that you hope to find a key detail that may lead to Alberich being found.

You have to imagine that the Great Temple does not receive many unexpected visitors, and fewer still from the Colleges of Magic. But despite the tension and distrust between Templars and Wizards, the two were bound by Magnus to be allies in their defence of the Empire. Article 14 of the Articles Of Imperial Magic requires Wizards to render necessary aid to the Templars who are faced with malignancy beyond their capabilities, and Article 15 establishes that the primary concern and purpose of the Colleges is for Magisters to seek out and counter that which is beyond the means of the Templars. Despite this, when the novice Witch Hunter who is the day's doorkeeper responds to your knock and finds a Lady Magister in the signature hat of his Order, he seems quite lost for how to react. "I am Lady Magister Mathilde Weber of the Grey Order, and I would like to see someone in authority here on matters relating to my Article 15 obligations," you say to him.

He stares at you for some time before answering. "I beg your indulgence whilst I fetch someone for you," he finally says, and the door swings shut once more. You wait patiently as he presumably finds his Master to ask what to do, who would then seek out his Captain, who would seek out a Chamberlain, and possibly further still. When he finally emerges once more, it is with the comforted air of someone who has sent a problem up the chain of command and had it replaced with a simple instruction. "If you would be so kind as to follow me, the Councillor is available to see you now."

You are taken through bare stone corridors while you try not to look too on the lookout for any sign that your path is heading towards downward staircases, and eventually led to an unmarked office. The room is not made for meetings, consisting of a desk against one wall and many overstuffed bookshelves, but a second chair has been dragged in from somewhere. The man inside wears a black robe trimmed with yellow instead of the armour Witch Hunters favour while seeking their prey, and his face is dominated by a mass of twisted scar tissue peeking out from beneath a skull plate, an eye patch, and a prosthetic nose, telling of some past injury that must have almost claimed his life. It is customary among military men that eye patches bear the heraldry of their regiment, and instead of that of the Templars his bears a skull over two crossed cannons. You don't recognize it, but you'd guess a Nuln regiment. "Lady Magister," he says in a rasping voice. "I am Sir Philipp Freytag, Knight of the Inner Circle. I take it this is related to the Alberich business?"

"It is," you say as you take a seat across from him. "You are familiar with it?"

"As anyone can be who was not there. I reviewed the investigation after both the Elector Countess and your agent started asking after it, and redacted the reports that you ended up receiving."

"That is the topic that brings me here today. I need some of the information that was left out of the copies of the report I read."

His one eye narrows in suspicion. "The Templars are dedicated to expunging rituals like that from the world. We will not betray the purpose of this Order by spreading it further, particularly to one who has the skills to succeed where Alberich failed."

Though he hasn't outright insulted you, he's come very close doing so. "I don't care to know how the ritual is performed. Keep to yourself the runes and incantations and the precise vocation and marital status of the sacrifices. What I need to know is what mark the ritual would have left upon he that performed it."

The look of suspicion vanishes from the Templar's face, replaced with a look of calculation. "Alberich has returned," he realizes.

"At minimum he has been returned for years, and now I find myself bound by Article 15 to act against one who has demonstrated himself beyond the means of Sigmar's Templars to counter. Will you stand in the way of me doing so?"

[Rolling...]

The Templar considers you for some time. "One of Alberich's accomplices was captured alive," he finally says, "and they had the Witchsight to witness the encounter between Alberich and his patron. The full testimony is long and repugnant and riddled with traps for the unwary mind, but it did include the physical changes Alberich underwent. His right arm swelled to several times its original size, and one of his eyes turned completely white. He also acquired a distinctive smell that the accomplice described positively, though considering the source that description should be taken as suspect."

You smile thinly. "Thank you, Sir Freytag. That will be of great assistance."

"Should you locate him, the Templars would, as ever, be standing ready to do their duty."

You have a more suitable organization in mind, but you simply nod. "A good day to you."

---

During Alberich's time as an Elector Count, he sat for a portrait that would have been displayed somewhere in Eagle Castle had he lost the position under less murky circumstances. But having spent time in Eagle Castle, you know for a fact that nothing ever gets thrown away there, just moved into an attic or cellar and forgotten about. Sure enough, Eagle Castle's staff were eventually able to uncover it. But a single picture is no good for a city-wide manhunt, and so you escort it back to Altdorf and into the University. Technically a Grey Wizard has no authority to make demands of the faculty of the University of Altdorf, but when all you demand is the time of some of their students of the Division of Arts, the bemused faculty apparently see no reason to resist. When you return to Talabheim several days later, it is with woodcuts of the more accurate depictions, both of how he appeared in the portrait and how he might appear if he had experienced the flow of time since then.

The Templars of Taal known as Longshanks famously swear an oath to never spend more than a week in one place, but the necessity of bureaucracy means that those who rise to leadership amongst them are inducted into the Order of the Antler, the main order of Taal's priesthood, so they can remain in one place to oversee a specific area of Taal's domain. Their headquarters are within Talabheim's Temple of Taal, the only temple to Taal that is a building instead of a grove or stone circle. It is an odd place, as the wooden walls grow branches here and grass does the job of carpet. Here you seek the Hunter Lord of the Longshanks, and you seem to have little trouble doing so as none of the resident priesthood seem at all put off to see a Wizard among them. You do, however, have to wait for him to finish living up to his title and return from the Sacred Forest, and politely listen to him recounting exactly how large the stag that eluded him allegedly was.

As soon as you tell him your reason for being here, Lord Goran Beyer sheds the joviality and transforms into the other form of hunter. By the end of the day, every Longshank present within the city has been given dispensation from the Wandering Vow, a copy of the portraits, and the authority to rally the Horned Hunters and the Knights of the Stag, with the former forming an invisible cordon around the city of Talabheim and the latter scouring the much smaller town of Talagaad. The next day, the Taalbaston Guard have added another requirement for passage through the crater wall on top of proof of citizenship or letter of passage: not looking like either of two pictures and subjecting themselves to examination of their right arm. And the average height of the city of Talabheim goes up a fraction of an inch as every auxiliary of the Tunnel Brigade finds themselves called up to watch every other way through the crater wall. And the day after that is Festag, and from the great Temple of Verena to the tiny shrine to Manann, there is a single unifying theme in every sermon: have you seen this man? Have you seen a person with a monstrously oversized right arm?

At that point, all pretence of moving quietly is discarded. The Longshanks, reinforced by Taal's Chosen and the Kin of Taal, begin to kick in a great deal of doors that usually go unkicked by the City Watch, and very pointedly ignore the various petty crimes discovered thereby. The message penetrates through the underlayers of society: firstly that this isn't about them, so they've no reason to obstruct the search, and secondly that it's being taken very seriously indeed, so if anyone is sheltering the person in question they should probably rethink their choices.

Though no faithful comes forward with a report on Alberich and he is not found behind any of the kicked-in doors, you find yourself not entirely dissatisfied. Alberich is somewhere within Talabheim, and as deep and well-hidden as his hidey-hole apparently is, the night is rapidly approaching where he needs to either emerge and slay an Unfähiger or see a ritual years in the making begin to fall apart at the seams. And to get to any Unfähiger he needs to travel through streets filled with people who know his face, and then through either the Tunnel Brigade on their home turf, or through the Horned Hunters of Taal through theirs. And you'll be waiting for him to do so.



Where will Mathilde be on the night Alberich has to commit the next murder?

[ ] With the Longshanks
Patrol the streets of Talabheim with the Longshanks, waiting for Alberich's emergence.
[ ] With the Tunnel Brigade
Presume that Alberich is still going to attack his chosen quarry, and try to intercept him as he crosses the Taalbaston.
[ ] With the Horned Hunters
Presume that Alberich will give up on his chosen quarry and will instead seek to slay one of the Crater Marsh Unfähigers, and try to intercept him as he leaves the city towards them.
[ ] With the Hunter Lord
If any force encounters Alberich, it will be reported back to the Hunter Lord of the Longshanks. Stand ready to respond to that report.
[ ] Outside Bad Dankerode
However he gets out of Talabheim, he has to come to Bad Dankerode to complete the ritual. Be ready for him to do so.
[ ] Outside the Hunting Cabin
If he's rattled, he might resort to a less protected target. Be ready for him to do so.
[ ] Other (write in)


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Regimand will be with Mathilde if 'Longshanks' or 'Hunter Lord' is chosen, and covering the opposite possibility if 'Tunnel Brigade'/'Horned Hunters' or 'Bad Dankerode'/'Hunting Cabin' is chosen.
  </body>
</html>