<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 31 - 2485 - We'll Ride Steam-Wagons Through Ruined Lands</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 31 - 2485 - We'll Ride Steam-Wagons Through Ruined Lands</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[X] [ROOM] Dragon Room
[X] [ROOM] Workshop
[X] [ROOM] Training Hall
[x] [ROOM] Map Room
[X] [ROOM] Trophy Room

[X] [LIBRARY] Ulgu: Esoteric Imperial (50gc+2CF), The Great Steppes: Extensive Imperial+Extensive Dwarven (200gc), The Chaos Wastes: Antiquarian Dwarven (100gc+2DF)
[X] [DWARF] No purchase.
[x] [COLLEGE] Ulgu Power Stone (5CF)
[X] [PURCHASE] No purchase.



Your penthouse expands even further down, as you have local masons carve out a workshop, training hall, map room, and trophy room to have specialized areas for your ever-expanding collections of skills, interests, reference materials, and keepsakes. The last part of it was a trickier notion to communicate, and you eventually had the masons work with the blueprints for a concealed gyrocarriage bay and simply skipped the final step where it would be filled with tools and devices. So far Cython has only visited twice, and then only long enough to collect a few books on the Ancestor-Gods for its perusal before flitting off back to its frozen home. But you're hoping that it will grow comfortable enough with you or curious enough about the topics to start to engage in further conversations, and you think there is a greater possibility of that if that could happen somewhere concealed and comfortable, instead of Cython being perched precariously on your balcony for all the world to see.

---

With only a year until the Okral leaves, it seemed like the uneasiness and simmering resentment could be ridden out until then, but despite the best efforts of your fellow councillors the situation is finally starting to boil over. So far the damage is limited to brawls and insults that have been smoothed over by cooler heads, but the situation is definitely uncomfortable and could easily spiral even further.

"Karaz-a-Karak has reprimanded the leadership of the Okral and recalled a few of the worst troublemakers," Kazrik says, "and so far the Guild leadership and religious heads are staying out of it."

"I'd very much like to expel the lot of them and be done with the matter," Belegar grumbles. "Edda, can we do without them?"

"Not without setting back the timetable on getting our defences established, maybe by as much as a decade," she says. "They're some of the most skilled crafters of the Karaz Ankor, and because we've been keeping the Okral separate from our own masons, it would take quite a while for Clans Irkokri and Stoneback just to study what they've already accomplished and figure out what needs to be done to complete the job."

"Due credit to the High King, he did send his best," Kazrik says, "but the flip side of that is they're some of the most proud and hidebound and prickly Longbeards of the entire Karaz Ankor."

"Karak Eight Peaks was once a rival to Karaz-a-Karak," Belegar says with a sigh. "Oft-repeated, but not even I really thought through what that might mean if the Karak was re-established. I wouldn't go so far as to accuse them of sabotage, but it might be sticking in the craw of some of the Karaz-a-Karak loyalists to be working on something that might threaten to eclipse their own home. Are they at least still on schedule?"

"Slightly ahead of it, at least for now," Edda says.

"Dreng, any threats on the horizon?"

"Da Howlaz are still skirmishing with the Red Fang after the failed Waaagh, and the rest of the mountains are as peaceful as I've ever seen the World's Edge Mountains get," he says.

"Do we know if the Red Fang have a new Warboss yet?" you ask innocently.

"They still seem reasonably united, so they've either got a new one or Birdmuncha made their way back to them."

"About that," you say, and pulse Ulgu as you wave your hand. The doors swing open as Johann pushes a handcart through, loaded down with an oversize cargo of Warboss. "I found out what happened to Birdmuncha."

Johann carefully sets the Warboss upright, still frozen in mid-charge. The rest of the council eyes him suspiciously, hands going for weapons as Johann lets himself back out discreetly. "He's definitely dead?" Dreng asks. "I've seen frozen ones get back up after being thawed."

"This was the work of our neighbour atop Karag Zilfin. I've checked, the soul has definitely departed. He's not thawing out either, even though it's been weeks since I brought him down. Must be a Dragon thing instead of a Zhuf thing, I've never heard of the Light College being able to do anything like this."

"That will win us some favour, both from Barak Varr and from the King-in-Exile of Karak Drazh. The Dragon is remaining peaceful, then?" Belegar asks.

"Seems to be. I get the impression it likes to be left alone, so as long as we don't bother it, it won't bother us. I taught it Khazalid as well, so if I'm not around it can still be communicated with. It also will be borrowing some books from me, so put the word out to keep people from being too alarmed when it comes over for a visit."

"Will do," Edda says.

"Guess it's my job to explain it to the Okral," Kazrik sighs.

"Anything further, Dreng?" Belegar asks.

"Some signs of Skaven activity at the extreme edges of the under-Karak, but it seems like very light scouting activity and they've retreated as soon as challenged."

"Might just be checking to see if anyone's left," you muse. "Either Skavenblight loyalists making sure that there's no Mors left, or leftover Mors trying to regain contact with their former leadership."

"Do you think the Skaven will try to retake the Karak?" Belegar asks you.

"If they sense weakness, yes, but no more so here than anywhere else. Those that came here looking to stamp out Mors either died in the attempt or would have lost a great deal of status for putting so many resources into something with so little pay-off. None of them can really claim the credit for Mors being stamped out here, though I'm sure they're all trying to. So they'd be focusing elsewhere, on grabbing former Pestilens holdings if their Civil War is still ongoing, or on consolidating and jostling for position amongst the new status quo if it's been ended. As for any potential Mors holdouts, they'd be looking for somewhere they could re-establish themselves and recover without being discovered and exterminated, so they wouldn't come back here."

"Something to be thankful for. How go the Expedition preparations?"

"I've made contact with the Ice Witches of Kislev, and struck a deal for clear weather through High Pass in the Spring of 7009. I'll be joining the Expedition, so I'll spend some time brushing up on my skills."

"May you bring them as much fortune as you brought us," Belegar says with a nod.

Afterward the meeting, Gunnars walks beside you. "Be careful with Karag Dum," he warns.

"Of course I-" you pause. "With Karag Dum? Not with the Chaos Wastes?"

"Karag Dum was the first place Morgrim spoke of His father's Doom," he says. "They knew that one day Chaos would come for them, and they would share in Grimnir's fate. They have known it and prepared for it for six thousand, seven hundred and twenty-two years. They survived the Coming of Chaos, they survived Morkar and Vangel and Kharduun. When we fought the Elves, Karag Dum fought Chaos. When we fought the greenskins, Karag Dum fought Chaos. When we fought the Skaven, Karag Dum fought Chaos." He hesitates, searching for the right words. "There is much that they could have seen as justified, in that time."



Mandatory Actions: Pick one from each category.

Magister Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] MAX: Allow him to spend all his time on his metalworking studies.
[ ] MAX: Allow him to spend all his time on his own preparations. (NEW)
[ ] MAX: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] MAX: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Write a paper: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Receive dictation: specify which. Must be taken with a 'dictate' action.

Magister Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] JOHANN: Have him continue to teach Adela what he knows of engineering.
[ ] JOHANN: Allow him to spend all his time on his own preparations. (NEW)
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Write a paper: specify which.

Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks
[ ] DUCK: Work with Panoramia to try to implement the Waaaghsoak Mushrooms as an aid to spellcasting.
[ ] DUCK: Panoramia's about ready to test for Magister, but she's putting it off because she doesn't have a lot of free time to prepare. Work with her to help make the most of every spare minute.
[ ] DUCK: Aid Hubert in his search for a Familiar.
[ ] DUCK: Attempt to recruit Gretel and the Besiegers for the Karag Dum Expedition.
[ ] DUCK: Attempt to recruit Hubert and some Winter Wolves for the Karag Dum Expedition.
[ ] DUCK: Attempt to recruit Adela and some human siege weapons and operators for the Karag Dum Expedition.
[ ] DUCK: Recruit all three of your ducklings for the Karag Dum Expedition. (NEW)
[ ] DUCK: Attempt to recruit Panoramia and a team of crack Fieldwardens for the Karag Dum Expedition. (NEW)
[ ] DUCK: Attempt to recruit Esbern and Seija and their compatriots of the Knights of Taal's Fury.
[ ] DUCK: Each of your three ducklings can fight in melee. Spar with them, and teach them what you can.
[ ] DUCK: Study an artefact with one of the Journeymen: specify who and which.


The Eastern Imperial Company
Your share of EIC profits: 175 crowns / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Expansion along the Aver
EIC Handler: The Hochlander
[ ] EIC: Completely hand over management of the EIC intelligence apparatus to the Hochlander. Will remove this section from future turns and regain the half-turn invested in it.
[ ] EIC: Found an auditors division, to make sure the ledgers are in order.
[ ] EIC: Insert agents into a particular province, cult, company, or institution to start gathering their secrets. (specify who)
[ ] EIC: Reach out to Julia to find out if she's interested in being poached or passing on information.
[ ] EIC: Reach out to Roswita, and have the EIC start passing on tips about any tax evasion or other naughtiness by the EIC's rivals.
[ ] EIC: Start building a paramilitary river navy to ensure the coming trade explosion doesn't lead to a similar explosion in riverine banditry.
[ ] EIC: Sell some of the Grand Urbaz Bank coins to collectors and museums on King Belegar's behalf.
[ ] EIC: Integrate the Gong Farmers and the Niter Factory into the EIC, and expand production.
[ ] EIC: Have the EIC keep tabs on mercenaries so that they can be more easily hired if needed.


Personal Actions: you have four actions you can apply without engaging in overwork.
Current overwork status: [-] [ ] [ ]
Each box will be filled by one action of overwork, and will take the two turns after that to fade as you recover. The first box incurs no penalty. The second will give a -10 penalty to all actions during the first turn of recovery. The third will give a -20 penalty to all actions on both turns of recovery.
Overwork incurs no penalties on the turns taken, only on the turns recovering from it. You can take as many actions of overwork as you have unfilled boxes.
When you use overwork it fills the left-most empty box, so [-][ ][ ] becomes [-][+][ ], not [+][-][ ]. All boxes recover in parallel and independent from one another, but second and third apply maluses on your actions during that cooldown period.


Current Task: Karag Dum Expedition preparations
[ ] Seek out merchants who have travelled the Skull Road to learn what they know of it.
[ ] Trawl around the bars and brothels of Tilea, looking to talk to the actual mercenaries that have walked either the Skull Road, or the Great Steppes.
[ ] Attempt to recruit assistance for the Karag Dum Expedition. (specify the individual, mercenary group, cult, College, or other; two choices per AP spent)
[ ] With the help of a gyrocarriage, personally scout part of the route (specify: High Pass, Road of Skulls, Western Great Steppes, Karag Dum vicinity)
[ ] Attempt to learn the Greenskin tongue to communicate with the Hobgoblin Khanates of the Steppes.
[ ] Attempt to learn Kurgan to communicate with the Kurgan of the Steppes.
[ ] Learn what you can of dealing with the Hobgoblin Khanates of the Steppes.
[ ] Learn what you can of dealing with the Kurgan of the Steppes.



Spoiler: Qrech



Qrech
[ ] Despite him considering it treasonous, push Qrech to share the Moulder dialect of Queekish.
[ ] Despite him considering it blasphemous, push Qrech to share High Queekish.

Qrech Gambits (can be taken for free alongside a Qrech option):
[ ] Convince Qrech that you seek an arrangement with Clan Moulder, and that you will release him as an ambassador for that arrangement once you are satisfied he'll cooperate.
[ ] Convince Qrech that the Under-Empire has no way of knowing he's even alive, and that he should prioritize the comfort with which he will live the rest of his life.
[ ] Convince Qrech you're ambitious and loyal only to yourself, and you're willing to repay his cooperation in ways that will benefit the Under-Empire.
[ ] Other (write in)



Self-Improvement:
[ ] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
[ ] Attempt to learn a spell from scrolls (specify which, will be harder than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Hire a trainer to come to Eight Peaks and teach you: specify what. (costs favours for Dwarf or College trainers, money for human ones)
[ ] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)
[ ] Attempt to learn Battle Magic at the Grey College. (1 College Favour per attempt)
[ ] Gain enough control of your unruly shadow to still it temporarily.
[ ] Gain enough control of your attraction to smoke and gases to have it collect away from your face.
[ ] Try to see through Pall of Darkness with your improved magical senses.
[ ] Practice shooting while invisible. (applies to Substance of Shadow and Invisibility)
[ ] Branulhune's ability to disappear and reappear at a thought allows entirely new forms of combat. Try to create them.
[ ] Have one of Prince Gotri's pilots teach you to fly a gyrocopter.
[ ] Attempt to finish off the Grey College spellbook by learning Shadow of Death, Cloak Activity, and the MAPP.

Research and Publishing:
[ ] Study an artefact: select which.
[ ] Write a paper: select which.
[ ] Write something else: write in.
Once per turn, you can write a paper or write a 'something else' without spending an action thanks to your Tower of Serenity.
[ ] Dictate papers: select which two, must be taken with Max's 'receive dictation'.
[ ] Investigate the possibility of using one Wind to directly manipulate another.
[ ] The Second Secret of Dhar teaches how to collapse it upon itself. Practice upon local Dhar taint, and very cautiously see if this works with Warpstone.
[ ] Try to establish a relationship with the Cult of Verena, with the intent of offering them access to your rarer tomes in exchange for copies of some of their own.
[ ] Record all the entries of the Grand Urbaz vaults and select a good-quality example of each minting to save from the smelters.

Aethyric Vitae (13 gallons):
[ ] Experiment with integrating the Vitae into enchantments.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts with Divine Magic.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to a power stone.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to being subjected to power stone creation methods.
[ ] Using the secrets you already know of the Vitae, attempt to weaponize it.

Enchantment and Spell Creation:
[ ] Enchant an item with a Fiendishly Complex or easier spell (specify what and which)
[ ] Attempt to enchant an object to translate Windsight into a visual image.
[ ] Attempt to deepen your skill with Enchantment (will be more difficult than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Attempt to create a spell (see Approved Spells threadmark)
[ ] Attempt to capture an Apparition (optional: specify which) (NEW)
[ ] Turn a staff from mundane materials.
[ ] Turn a staff from the horn of a Storm Dragon.

Karag Nar Penthouse: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category. Additional selections cost actions.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have additional rooms excavated underneath your Penthouse: -150gc for 6 rooms.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Your dungeon was built with a reasonable amount of paranoia. Apply an unreasonable amount of paranoia.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Add security measures to your Penthouse to prevent forcible entry.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have firing platforms built around the Penthouse so that it can be defended from flyers or climbers without granting access to it.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Add preservation Runes to your library: -4 Dwarf Favour, can be paid for with book budget DF for next two purchase periods.
Setting up rooms for specific purposes will have to wait until new rooms are constructed or excavated. Only one construction or excavation can take place at a time, but you can do one of each.
Building downwards will increase by 1 each time; second set of excavated rooms will be 3 rooms, third will be 4, and so on.
Building upwards can be added upon; towers can be added on to or additional towers can be built. The distinction between the two is entirely cosmetic.

Foreign Relations:
[ ] Involve yourself in the Sylvanian campaign (specify how)
[ ] Involve yourself in the Marienburg affair (specify how)
[ ] Involve yourself in the Black Waters project (specify how)

Personal Relations:
[ ] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: specify who and how.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is fully grown, very smart, and a Very Good Boy. Train him further. (specify what he will be taught)
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and very magical. Deepen your familiar bond. (may unlock a new familiar ability; risks obsession)


Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: specify how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so.




Spoiler: Accumulated Artefacts



Ranald's Coin (note from Ranald: don't)
Vampire skulls





Spoiler: Potential Papers



Note: Fresh and Refreshed papers confer a +10 bonus; faded ones a -10 malus.
Papers get one step less 'fresh' each turn: Fresh; Fading; Mostly Faded: Faded. Only the first and last have an effect on the diceroll.

Warp Lightning observations - shared with Adela (FRESH)
Azyr Lighting mechanism - shared with Adela (FRESH)

Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition. (FADED)
The Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual. (FADED)

Preliminary paper on Aethyric Vitae. (TIMELESS)

You can literally write the book on a topic for the same amount of effort as two papers; this can be split over multiple turns. You don't need to have all the pieces to do so, but it would be more efficient and impressive if you did.



- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- For reference, here's the sustainable speeds for various possible recruits for the Expedition:


Spoiler: Travel speeds



Steam-Wagon: 3-6 MPH, 12-16 hours/day. Estimated 50-100 miles/day.

Human: 3 MPH for 6 hours/day. 18 miles/day.
Dwarf: 3 MPH for 10 hours/day. 30 miles/day.
Heavy Cavalry: 4 MPH for 8 hours/day. 32 miles/day.
Light Cavalry: 5 MPH for 8 hours/day. 40 miles/day.
Ogres: 4 MPH for 12 hours/day. 48 miles/day.
Steppe Horse: 6 MPH for 10 hours/day. 60 miles/day.
Cold Ones: 10 MPH for 6 hours/day. 60 miles/day.
Steppe Horse w/ remounts: 8 MPH for 10 hours/day. 80 miles/day.
Bretonnian Horse: 8 MPH for 10 hours/day. 80 miles/day.
Demigryphs: 10 MPH for 8 hours/day. 80 miles/day.
Winter Wolves: 5 MPH for 16 hours/day. 80 miles/day.
Shadowsteed: 15 MPH for 6 hours/day. 90 miles/day.
Mathilde's Shadowsteed: 25 MPH for 10 hours/day. 250 miles/day.

Bretonnian horses have Magical Bullshit Genes from crossbreeding with Elven horses. Demigryphs and Winter Wolves are slightly cranked up numbers from cougars and wolves. Steppe horses are based on what the Mongols achieved.



  </body>
</html>