<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 33 Results - 2486 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 33 Results - 2486 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Plan: SQUEAK, Panoramia variant
-[*] MAX: Have him scour all the reference materials at his disposal for any other Dhar-radiating explosive, as well as how difficult it might be for non-Skaven to replicate their blackpowder. (NEW)
-[*] JOHANN: Have him investigate the metal evidence taken from the Skull River ambush. (NEW)
-[*] DUCK: Work with Panoramia to try to implement the Waaaghsoak Mushrooms as an aid to spellcasting.
-[*] EIC: Have the Hochlander investigate how feasible it would be for a non-Skaven to acquire warpstone-enhanced blackpowder. (NEW)
-[*] Attempt to complete your 'Fog Path' spell (NEW-ish)
-- [*] Use overwork if necessary
-[*] Join the Karag Dum Expedition in Praag, rather than at High Pass.
-[*] PENTHOUSE: Add security measures to your Penthouse to prevent forcible entry.
-[*] The Protector



Max and Johann are pulled from their own preparations for the upcoming Expedition to aid you with your investigation into the attack on the Okral. Max is sent to investigate the possibly too-easy answer of 'Skaven did it' while Johann is turned loose on the metal fragments recovered from the ambush site: the fragments of barrel hooping and a single metal slug extracted from the ship's upper deck. Modest evidence, but hopefully enough for him to be able to pull information from. Barak Varr and Karaz-a-Karak are both performing their own investigations, including the former hiring a Jade Wizard to interrogate the river and trees, so hopefully between the three different avenues of investigation the truth of the matter can be uncovered.

It's actually something of a relief that those parallel investigations preclude you from performing your own. The Fog Path spell is tantalizingly close to being completed and you very much want that arrow in your quiver before joining the Expedition. You have the individual Skywalks, you have the mechanism for identifying where they're needed. All that's left is the overarching delivery mechanism to go from you to the path to be travelled.

You spend some time considering a shadow-based delivery mechanism, since you've found so much success with Burning Shadows and Substance of Shadows, and after all 'Fog Path' is just a working title. But for something intended to be used on the move, having to control local light levels to properly use it would be too big a handicap. So you instead turn your attention to Universal Confusion, which hasn't seen any real use since you learned it almost five years ago but did manifest quite promisingly as a billowing cloud from its interaction with your Mantle of Mist Arcane Mark. That has quite a pleasing mental image to it - a rolling carpet of fog emanating from your person and covering the landscape ahead. You dig out your notes from when you learned it and get to work.

[Fog Path delivery mechanism: Learning, 2+28+5(Library: Ulgu)=35.]

It does not go well.

You'd thought it would serve perfectly well as a delivery mechanism. It covers the ground in a near-uniform carpet of opaque fog and hides obstacles from the eyes, so why not hide obstacles from the legs too? But though it's trivial for you to billow out fog, controlling its flow and weaving a spell into it proves to be as frustrating as... well, as frustrating as trying to herd fog would be to someone who isn't a Grey Wizard.

[Attempt to work around it: Learning, 69+28+5(Library: Ulgu)=102.]

A more dramatic person would have dramatically crossed out all the accumulated notes on your chalkboard. You are more sensible and simply move to the next one, as you might still need to refer to those notes later. But you have been looking at it all wrong. You've gotten hung up on using fog as a mechanism. No wonder you're getting nowhere. Fog isn't a mechanism, it's a medium.

(Okay, you're compelled to admit that fog might still be used as a mechanism, but you've hit a wall on that front so for now you're disregarding the possibility altogether.)

So step one, emit and corral the fog to where it needs to be, step two, have the delivery mechanism flow through it. Doing two moderately difficult things versus doing one slightly more difficult thing... probably isn't a great trade-off, but it's better than failing entirely. Days turn to weeks as you map out this alternate path, and eventually you're left with all your notes properly transcribed into a notebook and with nothing left to do but to take it for a ride and see what happens.

[New delivery mechanism: Learning, 45+28+5(Library: Ulgu)=78.]
[Putting it all together: Learning, 19+28+20(Grey Tower)+5(Library: Ulgu)=72.
[First cast: Req 50, Learning, 31+28+20(Grey Tower)-20(first time)=59.]

The inside of your Room of Dawn and Dusk isn't typical casting conditions, but you're glad you opted to do it there rather than anywhere else. As roiling fog fills the room and the identifier flows unsteadily through it, looking in vain for any interruptions in the smooth floor below you, you exhale shakily and let the spell dissipate. If you had done it in less ideal conditions, or if you didn't have your Staff to make channeling the fog that much easier, that spell would definitely have ripped itself out of your control. You now know the final few pieces to make it more reliable, and over the coming days you test it in a variety of conditions.

It's... not bad. Not great, but not bad. If you stuck to the few hours around dawn and dusk, you could probably maintain the spell for three or four hours a day without pushing yourself, as many as six if the weather cooperates. That's certainly a lot better than nothing, but is it enough? You know you're capable of better, but as you eye the calendar, you're not certain if you can do better before it's time to leave. And it would mean a lot of late nights and early mornings to even try.

[ ] Push on and try to improve the spell
Use overwork to spend another action to try to create a better delivery mechanism for the spell.
[ ] It's good enough for now
It will be possible to try to improve the spell further after returning from the Expedition.

---

Johann has been buried in maps and frequently absent as he tries to nail down specifics. Tale of Metal is a very useful spell, but as he frequently complains, people are rarely considerate enough to mention their name and precise location while crafting. The barrel hoops prove especially frustrating as the cooper neglected to even open a window in his workshop, leaving Johann to spend fruitless weeks trying to narrow down a location based off the colour of the wood and trying to identify an accent in the cooper's mutterings. In desperation he turned away from the cooper and towards the steel itself, and though he remains tight-lipped about this stage of the investigation, he comes out of it claiming with complete confidence that the steel was smelted in Morlenfurt, a Reikland town on the foothills of the Grey Mountains. He also gives you the dimensions of the barrel in question which matches that of a hogshead.

The lead ball that was shot at the ship takes him on an equally frustrating journey. Cheap shot of questionable quality is still made with molten lead poured into moulds of metal or sand, but the modern method is to use shot towers, where precise amounts of molten lead are allowed to fall a great height and naturally form a round drop before plunging into water and being near-instantly quenched. While a triumph of modern engineering, this also means that the 'creation' process lasts only a few seconds and is contained within a featureless tower, though thankfully there are enough windows for ventilation that he is able to get the lay of the land around it, one glimpse at a time. There's only so many shot towers in the Empire and each is known to its administrative apparatus so that if necessary they can be pressed into service of the Empire's military, so while the task is a tedious one, it's also a finite one. He eventually finds the shot tower that matches the one that he saw: Kreutzhofen of southwest Wissenland, the crossroads of the Vaults, which stands at the intersection of passes leading to Tilea, Bretonnia, and the Border Princes.

For his part, Max has spent weeks buried in your library surrounded by ramparts of books on engineering, chemistry, and warpstone. He complains at length that it would have been a matter of minutes instead of weeks if you had Skaven-authored books on chemistry, but does concede that the Skaven-authored books you do have are all that makes it possible to reach an answer without flagrant breaches of the Articles. "It's a matter of conditions," he says, leafing through his notes. "You know the Colleges, 'assume a perfectly spherical ball of Chamon in a magically inert plain' and all that. Skaven engineering doesn't work that way, at least not the stuff that ends up widely used. They assume that their equipment is going to be poorly maintained and stored in the damp by incompetents before it's dragged onto a battlefield, and often intersperse their notes with extended rants on the subject. That's what the warpstone is for. When used with a warplock trigger mechanism it makes for a much more reliable means of ignition than a snaphance or a flintlock, and even with mundane mechanisms, finely-ground warpstone is ignitable, and detonates hard. So if the blackpowder is damp it still works as long as any of it is dry enough to ignite, because that sets off the warpstone which forces even wet powder to ignite, and makes it go off all at once instead of in a wave. So for a relatively small amount of warpstone, you get a more reliable ignition and a more efficient explosion than blackpowder on its own."

"How easy is it to create?"

"Depends how much you care about others. The Skaven have a process to make it much less radiant and therefore more efficient as well as safer to handle and use, but if you don't care about that you can just use the raw stuff. Grinding and mixing it would do terrible things to whoever does it, and you wouldn't want to be downwind of it when it ignites, but it could be done. The only tricky bit would be getting the warpstone in the first place."

You grimace. "Any way to tell if the explosion used refined warpstone or raw?"

"Not unless you were there to see it."

"Damn. You turn up any other type of explosive that would radiate Dhar?"

He shrugs. "Nothing solid. There's accounts of various Chaos Dwarf weapons that would radiate all kinds of malign energies, but they tend to have more exotic effects than just exploding. The Zombie Pirates of the Vampire Coast are said to use some sort of altered gunpowder, and I could easily see it having some sort of necromantic component that would radiate Dhar. Cathay are said to use both Dark Magic and blackpowder."

"The list of possible suspects is long enough without venturing outside the Old World. Johann says the barrel was a hogshead, does that fit the results?"

He drums his fingers. "It's all variables. I have a decent idea about what sort of steel the monitor would have been made out of, but not the thickness or the design. How tight was the barrel bound? How much pressure did the depth of the water exert? How close was the barrel to the hull when it exploded? But with all that said... yes. It would fit."

"It matches logistically too. It'd be unwieldy to carry, but easy enough to move around with a rowboat or a cart or even a wheelbarrow. Good work, Max."

He smiles and goes about clearing up his work area.

The final stop on this tour is with the Hochlander's reports. Warpstone, or wyrdstone as it is known to the ignorant, is highly illegal to trade in but very profitable to those willing to take the risk, as the gullible believe it to have all sorts of mystical properties, and those that know more than they should can use it to power all sorts of forbidden magics. The Hochlander's first step was confirming that that's just as true as ever and indeed it is, and he leaves a trail of burning pyres as his Witch Hunter contacts follow in his wake. The second step is to investigate the cottage industries of the Empire, where second-rate blackpowder is made to a thousand different recipes which often owe more to guesswork and superstition than chemistry. He comes out of it with a frankly terrifying list of additives that might grace the weapon of anyone who cheaps out on blackpowder, and though some are of dubious legality and one or two result in still more pyres, none seem to have hit on ground wyrdstone as an additive.

The third step is the most dubious and requires reading the Hochlander in on the Conspiracy of Silence: see if any can be acquired more directly. There's ample evidence that some humans are in league with the Skaven as Cults worshipping the Horned Rat crop up from time to time and need to be burned out. Considering the ambition and duplicity that Skaven are capable of, and, admittedly, the ambition and duplicity that humans are capable of, it's not all that outrageous to think that there might be some crossover between the black markets of the Empire and the black markets of the Under-Empire.

This comes up bust, though the Hochlander does make some new friends among Witch Hunters, Excisemen, and one of Algard's Hands from encounters where both tried to bait the other into admitting something incriminating - good thing you made sure he has all the right documentation to prove that he really is acting on official orders. Either the theoretical black market crossover is even better hidden than you thought or it doesn't exist. But he does find something in parts of Reikland - blackpowder circulating among criminal organizations, said to be more reliable and produce a harder-hitting shot than regular blackpowder. His investigation is unable to find exactly who the ultimate supplier is, but all the trails seem to point in the direction of Ubersreik, where the Skaven undercity was recently exterminated. Not quite collusion with the Under-Empire, then. Just ordinary corruption. You make sure to pass the information on to where it needs to go to begin a formal investigation and sit back to collate your information.

So. One hogshead of what was very likely warpstone-infused gunpowder. Its source could be Ubersreik, or it could be made by someone with knowledge enough of the Skaven to replicate their gunpowder and the contacts and wealth to acquire wyrdstone enough for a hogshead worth. The barrel was hooped with Morlenfurt steel, which is just north of Ubersreik, and the bullets of the ambushers came from Kreutzhofen. Probably not Skaven, then. Someone of a mind to suspect Marienburg could draw a line directly south from Marienburg to Ubersreik for the powder, to Kreutzhofen for the equipment, to the Border Princes for the lackeys, and then to the Skull River for the ambush. Someone of a mind to clear Marienburg could quite reasonably point out that anyone in or around the Empire with money and contacts could have made this happen. You look over your notes one last time, and consider what you're going to tell Belegar, and what he will go on to tell King Byrrnoth and High King Thorgrim.

[ ] The evidence points to Skaven
Warpstone-infused gunpowder. It's open and shut. The Karaz Ankor doesn't need new enemies.
[ ] The evidence does not point to Skaven
The Dwarves could easily overlook the actual culprit if they're too caught up on their ancestral foe.
[ ] The evidence points to Marienburg
It could be true, and the Empire could benefit if it becomes believed that Marienburg is committing murder with dark magic.
[ ] The evidence points to a framejob
Somebody is trying to drive the Dwarves into war with Marienburg. Nobody wins when the forces of Order fight amongst themselves.
[ ] The evidence is inconclusive
It could be anyone. It could even still be the Skaven. Nothing you've learned rules out anyone.


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- There were rolls for the investigations, but they were hidden because Mathilde doesn't know for sure whether these results are all there is to find or not.
- It is valid to vote based on the result you want your words to have, rather than what you think the evidence reflects.
- The volume of the barrel in question is about 54 imperial gallons, 65 US gallons, or 250 liters.
- You have not yet used any overwork this turn. This vote is for the second box of overwork, which will give a -10 penalty to actions next turn.
- Reminder: penalties from taking overwork now will not kick in until after the Expedition.
  </body>
</html>