<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part Three)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part Three)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><i>GM Note: Hope I got everything! Sorry for the delay, but man this was a lot of stuff at once. </i><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan: Search And Destroy</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-[x] Board And Pull Back<br/>
--[X] Invasion Targets<br/>
---[X] Slaying Warboss if he can be located. If not, head to Construkta Yard Gamma.<br/>
----[X] Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard, 15 1st Company marines, 1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company, 1 Apothecary, Chaplain Uther Volkoss and 1 other Chaplain, Techmarine Quarius Zergan and 3 other Techmarines, 3 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter)<br/>
-----[X] Goad and insult the Warboss through the vox as you travel, either to have it reveal its location or to come to you.<br/>
---[X]Construkta Yard Alpha<br/>
----[X] 1st Company leadership, 10 1st Company marines, 45 unassigned marines from the 10th, 2 1st Company Dreadnoughts, 1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company, 2 Apothecaries, Chaplain Ravias and 1 other Chaplain, Techmarine Hestior and 3 other Techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer)<br/>
---[X] Construkta Yard Beta<br/>
----[X] 24 1st Company marines, 40 unassigned marines from the 10th, 2 1st Company Dreadnoughts, 1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company, 2 Apothecaries, Chaplain Antonius and 2 other Chaplains, Techmarine Calus; Techmarine Daedal and 2 other techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer), lead by Hannibal Palrun<br/>
---[X] 14 Pockmark Docking/Entry Bays<br/>
----[X] 10th Company not assigned with other forces, 1 Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Left defending the fleet<br/>
---[X] 4th Company, Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus and 1 Apothecary, 1 Chaplain, Master of the Forge Martellus Ravias and 3 Techmarines, All Tarantula sentry turrets</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Scouring Fury<br/>
+060.M42+ To +065.M42+<br/>
+<i>Let Your Fury Scour The Xeno Forevermore+</i></b>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
“Defend your fleet, Captain Hadrian,” Gabriel announced gravely. “The 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company will remain aboard with you, along with others. Wait until we are deployed, then pull back from the station. Destroy all the enemy vessels that challenge you.”<br/>
<br/>
The Chapter Master was already moving as he spoke, outright sprinting towards the drop pods which were already being prepped and boarded. Through vox channels his orders spread throughout the Blood Ravens, and across the fleet the space marines responded. Behind Gabriel came Apollo and the rest of the Honor Guard, some diverting towards drop pods and others to the doughty assault rams that would be required for certain hard points. Elsewhere, much of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company did the same, while the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company’s great numbers split in waves to various directions. The orders were clear. The ork’s monstrous vessel’s close-range weaponry was far too dangerous to the fleet. And yet, its construction yards could not be allowed to complete their pace.<br/>
<br/>
“I’ze gonna stomp you all, me and me boyz. Gonna eat all yer scrap, and spit it out all propa orky!”<br/>
<br/>
It was, no doubt, ludicrously frustrating to the techmarines who were aware of the issue that the orks could simply throw together piles of scrap and complete cruiser tonnage vessels in a fraction of the time that the Omnissiah’s shipyards could manage. The constant ranting from the ork did not help, especially considering how the damned creature’s signal was somehow still capable of blowing past every attempt at blocking it. Only through muting it could one find respite, but even that was a potential risk considering the non-negligible chances for intelligence on the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
“So, where are we headed, Chapter Master?” Doukas Laskaris asked, his breath even as they strapped into the drop pod.<br/>
<br/>
Outside, marines of all sorts were entering their own vessels with cacophony clangs. Over a dozen separate litanies of hatred and fury echoed out from various squads and sergeants. Chaplain Uther Volkoss’ voice rose above it all, a ceaseless benediction of absolute destruction in the Emperor’s name. Great slams announced the arrival and strapping in of the rapier machines. Apollo was curiously silent within his helm, saying nothing at all or even acknowledging Laskaris, the marine who held the position that he had once so prized and lorded over others.<br/>
<br/>
“We descend, all of us, to the station. To find the ork’s leader amongst the rabble. Objective secundus, should he prove…recalcitrant to face-to-face engagement-,” Gabriel’s voice was swallowed by the adamantium thunderstorm which rattled the entire bay.<br/>
<br/>
Over a dozen drop pods descended at speeds enough to gain brief coronas of fiery heat, accompanied from behind by the slower and heavier assault rams. The marines within shuddered from the immense vibration, but it was only a second’s pause before Gabriel began speaking once more, his voice as calm as before. From other vessels, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company began its own deployment, making use of a great amount of munitions to cloud the primitive auspex arrays of the orks as Captain Octavius followed Gabriel’s orders.<br/>
<br/>
“Construction zone gamma is where we will apply ourselves, should we fail to locate the warboss within the time limit.”<br/>
<br/>
Then Gabriel keyed his vox to the whole of the chapter, a right reserved for only those in the highest of the chapter’s authority.<br/>
<br/>
“Blood Ravens! We are unleashed upon the foe! LET NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
A crackle emerged from the vox, then, just for a moment, and rose high enough in volume to momentarily drown out even the ork’s bellowing.<br/>
<br/>
“LET NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Initial Operations<br/>
Deployment Alpha Drop: 57 vs. 5<br/>
Deployment Beta Drop: 21 vs. 65<br/>
Deployment Gamma Drop: 76 vs. 48<br/>
Deployment Delta Drop: 35 vs. 23<br/>
4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Clearing: 94 vs. 72</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Clearing<br/>
94 vs. 72</b><br/>
<br/>
Hadrian Priscus was not the most patient of space marines. This was known. He was aggressive in combat, sometimes to the point of worry by his peers. This was also known. From a mere veteran sergeant of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company he had been propelled into Captaincy not just of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company but mastery of the Blood Raven’s fleet as a whole. A staggering amount of responsibility, especially for a chapter so badly winnowed by traitors and xenos alike for over a decade. Here, now, the flagship of his company was under total threat by ork boarders. It was not the greatest of the ships in the fleet, but it was certainly the only one currently boarded in such number and severity.<br/>
<br/>
This would not stand.<br/>
<br/>
He expressed this feeling by leaving the command throne of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> to its machine spirits and bridge crew, and heading to the teleportarium along with much of his command squad. Near the reactor rooms of the <i>Potentia</i>, cyborks guffawed as they gunned down serfs and servitors. Their leader, a hulking creature with steaming pistons on its shoulders laughed especially hard as he thumped through a hallway of land mines. One enormous power klaw raised up, dragging heavy grooves into the ceiling, while the other arm fired out long cables of lightning which lashed back and forth against the walls.<br/>
<br/>
It died as Hadrian Priscus came yelling out of the warp in a flash of light and crackling energies at a full sprint. His left pauldron slammed upwards into its jaw, sending it reeling backwards and exposing a throat into which he fired both plasma pistols into. He fired twice with each, vaporizing meat and metal in equal measure. The ork did not even register it was dead until it had fallen on its back completely and he had stomped his boots through its skull as the space marine charged at the orks behind. Somehow, through the impossibilities of the warp, he had somehow managed to teleport five seconds ahead of the rest of his troops, despite leaving at the same time. The librarians would idly posit, if they ever heard of it, that his aggression had somehow translated into the effect.<br/>
<br/>
“GET OFF OF MY SHIP!”<br/>
<br/>
By the time deployment to the station below were complete, the <i>Potentia</i> was entirely freed of its boarders in time to join with the rest of the chapter fleet as they retreated to a safe range from the ork’s superheavy guns.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">====================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Bay Destruction Efforts<br/>
30 vs. 45</b><br/>
<br/>
“Come on, you xeno scum! Come on!” The newly promoted scout yelled from atop the fallen cargo crates.<br/>
<br/>
The amount of bolter fire being exuded down the corridor was rather significant. Several of the neophytes had formed firing lines, others making use of heavy bolters supplied to the company long ago. Though they were not yet full marines, they had enough strength in pairs to lift and set up the devices. Cyrus grit his teeth as he listened to scattered reports from the rest of his troops. The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had gone for the scattered and smallest targets, and yet the sheer volume of orks was proving to be a ridiculous roadblock for them. Only one bay had been removed from the hands of the enemy, and that was the single one that he had personally attended to.<br/>
<br/>
“Get ‘em boyz, push ‘em out into the void so we can watch ‘em float!”<br/>
<br/>
Growling, he spun past the makeshift cover that was a dead pile of orks and fired. The ork nob that had been marshalling the latest assault upon the bay that the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had taken for itself faltered, as one tended to do without a head, before falling backwards. Across the station, the scattered company had been forced into retreat after their initial attempts at infiltration. That, Cyrus could stand. What was beginning to grow frustrating was how all of his forces had been corralled into the bay. The exit out to the void was closed by, of all things, a pair of preposterously thick metal slabs. Of course the orks would not believe in proper shielding. Even so, Cyrus had made it a matter of life or death to his brothers to activate the mag-lock functions of their boots and fasten their helmets completely.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ork Response To Delta Attempts<br/>
82</b><br/>
<br/>
“Captain, more orks are moving in! Auspex and deep penetrating augur scans show increasing numbers of orks coming our way!” A scout’s voice came on the line, terse and strained beneath the audible bolter fire. “No major signs of leadership beyond nobs, but the numbers are…considerable!”<br/>
<br/>
He could see it too, now that he glanced at the display being shown through his own cybernetic eye. Not insurmountable, given time, especially considering the explosives being left behind by retreating squads. But the efforts of the Blood Ravens were, in this at least, largely unsuccessful.<br/>
<br/>
Sighing, Cyrus tapped his command vox channel. It was worth trying, at least, even if it was unlikely to be heard amongst the maelstrom of comm chatter.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, this is Cyrus. We are pinned down. Objectives are currently left largely unfulfilled. Will attempt to make a push soon, however.”<br/>
<br/>
Instead of a response from any Blood Raven in particular, Cyrus winced as his ears were nearly set to bleeding as the ork’s unknown leader spoke again.<br/>
<br/>
“Hurr hurr! You fink you boyz is smart, huh! Comin’ fer me spawny ‘oles! Well nuffin doin’! Boyz! Get in dere and gut dese ‘spacey marines’ already! You gots ‘em right where ya want ‘em!”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus was not prone to much displays of emotion, and later he would recriminate himself greatly for rolling his eyes within potential sight of the scouts. But that would come later, and for now, there was fighting to be done.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Construkta Yard Beta Targeting<br/>
98 vs. 12</b><br/>
<br/>
The average space marine was a terrifying entity to face. The sheer breadth of their arms and armor, its capabilities, augmented by their own superhuman physiology, was often enough to cow entire planets with the threat of just a single company of marines. The Blood Ravens had used this, as had hundreds of chapters, as a basic tactic for years in subduing rebellious worlds. The chaplain was an altogether different sort of fear. Eschewing all but the color of pitch black night upon their skull-encrusted forms, purity seals streaming across their body, while a skull helm glared out imperiously at the world beyond in contempt and holy hatred. From within their helms did their voices boom, extoling their brethren to even greater heights, heights that they sought themselves to prove example and leader in one.<br/>
<br/>
Hannibal Palrun, Master of Sanctity, exemplified all of these qualities as he tore apart the orks facing his battle group.<br/>
<br/>
Alone.<br/>
<br/>
While the marines around him went to work destroying key struts identified by the techmarines, the dreadnoughts firing heavy weaponry into the disgusting semi-automated construction drones, Hannibal fought. There were approximately five tunnels leading into the badly shielded shipyard, the flickering electric dome above the only thing preventing all within from simply disappearing into the void. Four had been destroyed, while the fifth had been left open at Hannibal’s order, not simply because it would provide the only escape route. The orks, never ones to give up on a fight, had come streaming through the easiest path to get to the fight desired. A fight that Hannibal gave them.<br/>
<br/>
Alone.<br/>
<br/>
In a wider area, an open field of battle, he would have been torn apart a dozen times over. He knew it, the orks knew it, his brothers knew it. But so long as the tunnel forced the orks into a narrower line, he became as if the Primarch Dorn himself. For all that the Imperial Fists had denigrated the chapter, that even their legendary Darnath Lysander had shamed them for their attempt at honoring him, Hannibal stood. His mind churned on such thoughts, the poetry of war and those who fought in it. No, perhaps not Dorn, he concluded to himself. This was not the Eternity Gate, but Hannibal felt more connected to the legacy of Sanguinius and the Blood Angels than ever before. Yes, that was it. That was it! The Blood Ravens knew not their Primarch, and so it fell to the Chaplains to pursue the betterment of their brethren in the name of all of those who had served the Emperor loyally! In all of them, from Corax to Dorn, to the Gorgon and the Great Angel!<br/>
<br/>
“FACE ME! FACE ME AND DIE!”<br/>
<br/>
His black armor was redder than the standard paint of the Blood Ravens, so soaked with ork gore it was. Gouges, carved by an entire dozen mega-nobs, had nearly peeled it open before being struck down. Half of his skull helm had been blown away by a series of ork rockets buffeting him, but his eyes still saw clearly through the smoke. <i>Thunder Blood</i> was in his hands, and with it he shattered bones, bodies, and possibly outright souls of the foul xenos, to the point that he alone began to push them back. Behind him, he heard the sounds of his brother chaplains marshaling them men, his brothers, to join him as they had done all they needed to, to ensure the destruction of the entire shipyard, to bring it shattering down and explode all that remained within.<br/>
<br/>
But they were unneeded, because the orks, facing this massive entity once covered in black now near completely crimson clad in the blood of his enemies turned and ran. Not all at once, not entirely. But the mega-nobs had died. The nobs behind them had died. The boyz in between the first group of nobs and the next had died. And though it was a trickle at first, it soon grew into a flood. There was no fight in this tunnel, only death, and that was no fun at all. The orks streamed away, to find a place where there was a chance, a hint, a ghost of a possibility at winning. For there was none to be found here.<br/>
<br/>
Chest heaving, the largest standing marine in the entire chapter outside of the dreadnoughts roared his outrage that the xenos would run, roared his exulting of the Primarchs and the Chapter, roared his approval to his brothers that they had done so well in their tasks. Generally, he just roared. Eventually, however, this ceased, and he paused to glance at the abattoir that had once been a passable tunnel by orks standards. He turned, battered but unbroken, and shook his crozius to clean it. Craters were left in the scrap and rock walls, floors, and ceiling where he had struck most harshly.<br/>
<br/>
“Come, brothers, remove yourselves from this place, and unleash the detonators!”<br/>
<br/>
“Wot kinda spacey marine <i>iz</i> you?!” The damndable ork’s master yelled over the primitive few speakers left in the hallway. “Sum kinda fancy mega-nobby-marine?! Boyz, you get back dere and kill dat red boy a’fore ‘ee gets any fasta at killin’ ya! E’s already goin’ too fast!”<br/>
<br/>
Hannibal merely sneered through the red coating him.<br/>
<br/>
“We move, brothers!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Departure From Objective<br/>
54 vs. 34</b><br/>
<br/>
There were orks that were either brave or stupid enough to come after them in the tight quarters as they departed. But upon seeing Hannibal, or rather the latter seeing <i>them</i>, only death followed. The terminators assigned to his battle group saw to the blocking off and effective defense of the others as they proceeded. Eventually there came a series of continual explosions as an entire section of the Doom-Eater was torn apart by plasma bombs and detonation packs, a significant amount of it already damaged by prior destruction and targeted heavy weaponry. The calculated collapse of stone, rock, and further movement of their force deeper into the station ensured the total success of their given objective.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Objective Success Response<br/>
11</b><br/>
<br/>
“I’ZE SAID GET IN DERE ALREADY, DE’RE IN ME BLOWY GUTS!”<br/>
<br/>
‘Blowy guts’ as it turned out, was an obvious armory, or at least what passed for such things amongst the greenskins. In truth, it was a massive pile of, grenades, grenade and rocket launchers, general explosives, and guns ranging from ‘pistols’ to outright cannons that might be better fitted to a dreadnought. As such an obviously desirable place for greenskins, there were openings everywhere. Some even in the ceiling. It had been, after all, at least several minutes, and so the cowardice of before had already faded in its entirety as orks began to flood into the room, forcing the Blood Ravens within to take up a tight defensive posture. They seemed to come from every direction, some clawing their way up out of the ocean of weaponry all uneasily stood upon.<br/>
<br/>
“Don’t run your rapier over those, they’ll explode!”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, so you want me to stay my rapier on top of <i>these</i>, Daedal?!”<br/>
<br/>
“Calus you are about to run it over grenades!”<br/>
<br/>
“I know what I’m doing!”<br/>
<br/>
Hannibal, calling this time for his fellow chaplains to join him, roared into the fight.<br/>
<br/>
Not alone, but surrounded by his brothers.<br/>
<br/>
As it should be.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
There had been casualties, and knowing that they were brand new brothers did not help matters. Captain Marcus growled as he fired his graviton pistol at the onrushing hordes. This place was clearly the first of its kind, and thus the most heavily defended. That was the only reason he could come up with to explain why it was staffed by so many cybernetically-enhanced orks as well as possessing limited ork mechanized support. Stomping killa kans made their way forward, their armors and innards crumpling as he fired his pistol, but there were more than he could kill alone. The newly promoted brothers of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company were, for all that they were no longer scouts, not nearly as well equipped as the rest of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. Terminator armor was near inviolable in the current fighting, as near as he could tell, leaving them as more exposed. Even considering their armor, the volume of fire being unleashed at them was enough to make even slightly less armor than that of a terminator or dreadnought potentially not nearly enough. That had just been in the deployment, the dropping of troops and then marshalling them forward. Some marines hadn’t made it out of their drop pods at all, though none were of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
And yet, some things still too precedence.<br/>
<br/>
“Romallius! Status!?”<br/>
<br/>
The apothecary seemed entirely unconcerned despite having his stomach nearly disemboweled by an ork power klaw. By now it had scabbed over entirely, but that his armor had gone with the claw was not a good sign. He raised himself up from his cover, gesturing at the vials he now carried with him.<br/>
<br/>
“All gene-seed recovered, Captain. We may begin at your discretion.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well,” Marcus nodded before rising over the rubble, lifting his power sword above his head. “Brothers! Advance!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Construkta Yard Alpha Targeting [Main Force]<br/>
68 vs. 56<br/>
</b><br/>
So began the grueling push. The orks had put turrets in the walls. Turrets in the floor. Turrets in the ceiling. An enormous pair of metal slabs that could have been bent into whole groupings of tanks were shut, keeping the void out, but beneath it was a half-completed brute ram-ship. Clearly, Marcus knew, the enemy cruisers had already been nearly done before the Blood Ravens had even arrived. But the sheer speed of construction was worrying. Even while the Blood Ravens began to advance, the vanguard being made up of the dreadnoughts and terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, swarms of meks and gretchin servants slapped on hunks of rusted metal and bolted spikes of metal to hold it all together. The speed was worrying, and gave an obvious reason as to how the orks had managed to construct their fleets in such swarms, take losses against patrolling Imperial Navy vessels, and yet replenish their losses so quickly.<br/>
<br/>
Resources in, ships and raiders out, all combined into one station.<br/>
<br/>
It needed to be destroyed.<br/>
<br/>
All of it.<br/>
<br/>
The rapiers fired at the ship above, the oversized chains and bracing towers holding it in place shuddering under the blows, while other terminators unleashed cyclone missiles onto larger concentrations of oncoming ork waves. Marcus was amongst the very front, as was his wont, joined by the chaplains and the rest of his command squad save Romallius. Even the dreadnoughts, Brutus and Cassius, advanced. Heavy flamers burnt the way open, while missiles and a dedicated scout squad took advantage of the darkness. Explosions began to ripple out, slowly, before abruptly triggering all at once as Scout Sergeant Tantus emerged from the smoke, the former 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company marine patting out some smoldering embers on his camo-cloak.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Construkta Yard Alpha Targeting [Specialized Force]<br/>
85 vs. 33</b><br/>
<br/>
“Sergeant Tantus,” Marcus greeted him, the bodies of the dead forming a thick meaty carpet for the Blood Ravens to stomp across. “Report.”<br/>
<br/>
“Various ammo stockpiles have been mined, Captain. A good set of explosives will do it, hopefully.”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus nodded, turning to glance at the approaching techmarine Hestior. The servo-arm hung limply from its harness, sparking wildly from where it had nearly been wrenched free by some ork or another. Still, the light from the marine’s helm was undimmed, and though his fellow techmarines were in similarly damaged condition none were in a truly dire state. Marcus would take it, far better for them to be battered than beaten.<br/>
<br/>
“Hestior?”<br/>
<br/>
“Brother-Captain Marcus, we’ve done as you asked. Servitors have carried the explosives and connectors as required, and we’ve managed to locate the servos and what passes for proper electronic systems to the doors,” Hestior nodded.<br/>
<br/>
All those present turned, however, and began firing as a unified whole against a charging mob of nobs. Several of them wore thick plates of metal over their bodies, but plasma and flamer burnt them regardless. Their leader, the largest, stood taller than even Hannibal Palrun, and in fact lasted the longest getting to them. Marcus advanced, slapping aside its attempt to strike with an oversized chain-axe with his power sword, before placing his graviton pistol against its chest and pulling the trigger. The ork coughed, an expression of confusion on its face, before its gravity-pulped bones and organs began to slough out of its throat in a torrent stream as the artificially modified pressures within its body.<br/>
<br/>
“Good,” Marcus breathed calmly. “Once we are out of the danger zone, detonate all charges and open the doors. Let them taste void.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Tactical Retreat<br/>
53 vs. 78</b><br/>
<br/>
The vox squealed in time with the speakers in their thousands across the entire construction yard. Worse, its generally crater and bowl-shaped architecture, shot through with towers of metal and stone, somehow managed to amplify the volume of the speaker further.<br/>
<br/>
“You ain’t getting’ away, you stinkin’ grots! You fink I can’t figgur out wot yer doin?! Tryin’ to destroy me construkta yards!? No! Boyz,” the ork roared over every channel of communication. “GET ‘EM! DA MINUTE DEY GET OUTTA DERE, DAT WHOLE PLACE GOES BOOM! AND NOT DA GOOD KIND!”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus growled and speared his blade through the stomach of another ork before driving it upwards through its skull.<br/>
<br/>
“They are welcome to <i>try</i>, ork! Blood Ravens, with me!”<br/>
<br/>
And so they began to pull back. Steadily, every inch granted to the enemy paid for in blood, they pulled back. Unfortunately, there was a blood price for the Blood Ravens as well. A marine, not even yet fully promoted to a proper company, fell as his head and neck disappeared into a red mist. The chortling ork kommando who had fired the weapon that did it found Sergeant Tantus responding in kind. The rapiers reversed, keeping themselves aimed towards the enemy the whole while, firing well into the range where the machine spirits grew testy and strained. One techmarine, one of the new ones just recently returned from Mars, bent down to help lift up a pair of marines into the hands of the rest of their squad. He would never rise up again, as a pair of zzap gun cannon shots split him open from behind, erupting along with his power pack and the grenades on his person ensuring that not even his gene-seed could be returned.<br/>
<br/>
Still, the Blood Ravens forced their way through, picking up those too carried to continue just yet, healing those who could be healed, and retrieving the dead as best they could. It was a bloody affair, all around, and by the time the Blood Ravens got into the tunnels, others would fall. In the end, though, worse than all of it, the bay that had been chosen as the rally point was compromised. From five different directions including the path back to the construkta yard. The doors would not close, either from rust, lack of machine spirits, or something else. Still, the orks came, furious at the desecration to their precious machinery which had been so badly destroyed. They were led by a Big Mek whose personalized klaw whirred with five separate cutting implements shoved into one, the crackle of power fields flickering over each one.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain,” Tomb-Brother Brutus suddenly said, seeing the horde at the same time as Marcus. “Tell your brothers to detonate the charges to the bay.”<br/>
<br/>
“We cannot, Brutus!” Marcus shouted above the din, firing again and again at the heaviest armored foes coming towards them. “If the bay doors are blown open as of now, we may all be thrown into the void by the suction! Hestior, get the gate closed or none of us shall be able to escape!”<br/>
<br/>
He cursed as the energy shield protecting the Big Mek deflected even his own arcane technological weaponry. Brutus was silent in voice, even as his heavy flamer continued to trigger until there was a quiet beep as it finally ran empty.<br/>
<br/>
“Then I shall close it.”<br/>
<br/>
And then Brutus advanced, the dreadnought steaming forward as its engine core and the marine within became truly as one. It was magnificent, Hestior would later say, the massive engine performing as if it the marine within was fully alive for one brief terrifying moment. Gone was the stuttering, the plodding and delayed nature that many dreadnoughts displayed, the marines within in their half-lives almost never as responsive as Captain Thule had become. The way it moved, shifted, spun, slaughtered, its claws reaching out and rending, its very bulk being used to tackle and smash the orks aside. Brutus arrived at the poorly constructed gateway before reaching out and grasping the edges of its panels. Then, even as Marcus realized what the tomb-brother’s plan was, began to pull them shut behind him, facing the onrushing horde of meks and their servants alone.<br/>
<br/>
“Brutus!”<br/>
<br/>
“Trigger the explosives, Captain,” the marine within broadcast calmly.<br/>
<br/>
The Big Mek reached him first, spinning power-fielded buzzsaws beginning to tear open the coffin. With its other arm, a rivet cannon began to shunt foot long columns of superheated metal directly joints of the greater frame, disabling one of the arms entirely as it was shorn off of its mooring.<br/>
<br/>
“I’ze gunna make you into some real shiny gubbins, you big’un!” The mek cackled.<br/>
<br/>
“Unlikely,” Brutus spoke before reaching up and grasping its head with his remaining arm, beginning to squeeze as the ork began to scream.<br/>
<br/>
The doors, finally, slammed shut, blocking the way and isolating Brutus on the other side. Marcus tore apart another pair of nobs before finally, gritting his teeth, sent the acknowledgement signal to Tantus and Hestior. A cacophony of explosions echoed out in the distance, the entire superstructure shuddering as the second of its construkta bays was destroyed. Unlike others, this one had been protected largely by its own bay doors, the shield only sparking to life as necessary while the power was fed elsewhere when not needed. This, of course, was what had been discovered by scout and techmarines working in tandem. When the doors opened, the shield was to activate, unless the cables feeding the shields were previously sabotaged.<br/>
<br/>
On the other side of the doors, Marcus knew, everything for a considerable distance and in multiple tunnels was being thrown out into the void. The explosive decompression was…considerable. What measures the greenskins had put into place for such an occasion, if any, never seemed to materialize. But the distance was enough, debris wedging itself into the right holes and ork bodies sufficing otherwise to plug entire hallways and tunnels, such that the Blood Ravens only heard the ominous creaking of the doors that had been pulled shut. Then the secondary explosions as the incompletely installed reactors in the enemy ship began to erupt in a chain of controlled detonations.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Brutus!” Marcus called out on the vox, even though he knew it was a vain hope. “Tomb-Brother, respond if you are able!”<br/>
<br/>
There would be no response, and the conditions beyond meant that opening them again would be potentially catastrophic.<br/>
<br/>
Growling, Marcus set amongst the orks with a vengeful fury, one that his brothers emulated with gusto. Only when their thirst for blood was slaked, the orks pulling back to regroup, did he trigger the vox again.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, this is Captain Marcus. Objective complete, the bay is inoperable to the orks.”<br/>
<br/>
This time, he did not bat an eye as the ork’s leader spoke again.<br/>
<br/>
“You boyz…iz really starting to piss me off!” It bellowed, before its voice turned gleeful. “Now dis is a good foight! Harharhar!”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus turned, knowing by now that by some measure or another the ork’s were capable of tracking their movements. Either by report, camera, or otherwise. Perhaps just the damage left in their wake.<br/>
<br/>
“If the Chapter Master does not kill you, ork, I will do so myself,” he whispered.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">==================================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">There had been fewer in their detachment. Perhaps that was why the resistance they encountered in the initial deployment efforts were so anemic. Perhaps it was that his brothers were simply that much of a nuisance that they required significantly more orks to be drawn towards their numbers. Gabriel did not have it in him to have the hubris of thinking that they would be utterly unopposed in their efforts, or that he was somehow an opponent such that his presence along could defeat the natural belligerence of the greenskins. And yet, they advanced. Finding, at first, no foes to fight at all after the initial surge against their intrusion.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Challenge And Response<br/>
13</b><br/>
<br/>
“Face us, ork!” Apollo shouted at the walls, studded with speakers, metal struts, and bullet holes besides.<br/>
<br/>
For a wonder, the ork responded.<br/>
<br/>
“Hurr, yer a foighty bunch aintcha! You fink you can get me, come n’ get me! But I ain’t stoopid, ya grot, I’ze da cleverist dere is! Boyz! Get over to dat place wot with the shooty bang…agh, just follow da sparks!”<br/>
<br/>
A series of grime and filth-covered light panels abruptly began to glow where they stood, before trailing off into the various branching hallways. The sounds of orks, already all around them, with fighting and dying audible across every single vox channel, began to intensify. Shootas being fired into the ceiling, metal-shod boots and cybernetic limbs scraping and thumping against the ground and walls. Gabriel, for his part, turned and raised an eyebrow at the somewhat shorter Apollo. For his part, Apollo did look chagrined for a moment before hefting his supposedly Primarch-forged mace.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, at least there will be xenos to slay,” he muttered.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel’s eyebrow simply rose higher, even as the first orks began to round the bend of the hallway from both sides.<br/>
<br/>
“FOR THE EMPEROR!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Response To Response<br/>
90 vs. 71</b><br/>
<br/>
Doukas Laskaris, of all of them, moved the fastest. In the Ghoul Stars, speed was life. A moment’s hesitation or the slightest slowing of one’s movements, and death would come in a thousand different ways. As such, with his gifted blade humming with anticipation, the Captain of the Honor Guard thrust himself into battle. His command was just slightly larger than an average squad, and yet they held one end of the hallway all to themselves. Bolter fire, grenades, and repeated excursions into the mass foes to break their momentum, all of this and more was given to the greenskins, the gift of experience in fatal form. On the other side of the hallway went Gabriel and Apollo, and with them went death. From the middle, facing one in each direction, the rapiers deployed themselves. At pre-arranged signals, those fighting retreated and dove to the sides, an outpouring of fire shredding the orks in great number before ceasing to cool barrels and reload ammo.<br/>
<br/>
It was at that point that a massive explosion rippled through the station, and the call of confirmation came through that Hannibal Palrun had completed his work. Followed shortly by a call from Captain Marcus of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. There had been little word from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company for some time, other than a terse call much earlier, and nothing sense. But there was nothing that could be done for any of them, for the xenos came again, the tides of assault continuing the entire time.<br/>
<br/>
The greenskins poured in a stream, but it was stoppered by the fury of the Angels of Death. For a moment, at least. And that was enough. Wheeling about, the rapiers turned as one and fired. The heavy bolters built into their frames tore apart the ceiling and walls, collapsing them upon themselves. A few primed krak grenades did the rest of the work, cutting off the assault from that direction. Then, wheeling about, the Honor Guard joined the Chapter Master and cut their way forward.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Further Challenges<br/>
41 vs. 66</b><br/>
<br/>
Again, Apollo yelled for the greenskin’s leader to face them, and again the ork only bellowed laughter and directed more forces toward them. Once, Doukas gave an attempt, extoling their own strengths and the pathetic weakness of the foe. The greenskin took the taunts to that well enough by directing a mob of mega-nobs towards them, hulks of rusting cybernetic monstrosities coated in fresh blood from some place or another. At one point, there was even a bounding swarm of squigs that had been implanted with lightning-covered electrical coils. Which happened to explode remarkably like certain types of grenades built to disable advanced robotics and powered systems. Miniature squiggoths, more boar-like than the towering elephantine monstrosities that could be seen on the fields of battle, came trundling through the tunnels next. Their hides were such that only power weapons and the heavy bolters could damage them, regular bolters and even chainswords could do little to them other than annoy.<br/>
<br/>
“This isn’t working,” Apollo snarled as he beat another onrushing ork over the head with his mace, the sparking of its power field blowing everything above the waist into red mist and bone chips. “The ork refuses to meet us in battle!”<br/>
<br/>
“Now dat dere is a lie, dat one,” the ork bellowed in response. “I’ze <i>been</i> fightin’ ya, all of you beaky spacey marines! Dese boyz is me weapons! Dere shootas is me screams, da mek’s klaws are me toofs! Hahaha! Them…squiggy fings iz…sumefin…me angry…tongue? Nah, dat’s stoopid. Dere <i>my squiggies,</i> dat’s what counts! YER FOIGTIN ME AND I’ZE FOIGHTIN YOU! NOW ENOUGH GABBIN!”<br/>
<br/>
In some areas, the hallways narrowed to the point that the Blood Ravens had to redirect, not nearly large enough for rapiers or terminators to push through. Elsewhere, they emerged into open bays and caverns hacked out of the rock and metal, confounded by ork mobs and machinery. Damage began to accumulate upon even terminator plate after long enough periods of time. Chaplain Uther, at one point, was perforated in thirty-seven distinct places as a squad of surprisingly quiet flash gitz fired their custom weaponry at and through his back and legs. Remarkably, Uther managed to turn about, finish beating the ork kommando who had fired its oversized shotgun into his chest, and slay them as well before collapsing to the floor. It was only through the aid of the apothecary that he was pulled to his feet.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“You are correct. We advance elsewhere,” he said firmly. “To the secondary objective.”<br/>
<br/>
“Sekun…oy! Don’t you go near me construkta yard! Ya already got two of ‘em, ya greedy grot!”<br/>
<br/>
The demands of the ork were, predictably, ignored.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Secondary Objective Push<br/>
38 vs. 27</b><br/>
<br/>
Lesser in number, perhaps, but the Chapter Master was no mere foe. Nor was Apollo Diomedes. Or Doukas Laskaris. Uther Volkoss felt no pain, and demanded no aid but the screams of his enemies. Falkor Ryll, the apothecary of the Honor Guard, had long ago began to fight at the front as well. By now his white armor was drenched in the blood of the foe, all the while the terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company covered them with overlapping lanes of fire. They ground forward against the tide, and parted it through fire and fury. At the front of them all was Gabriel. <i>Godsplitter</i> struck with all the force it could possibly manage, and before him, the orks died. An ork’s power klaw outright shattered as the Great Father’s own terminator armor rebuffed it.<br/>
<br/>
“Oy! Stoppit! Yer breakin’ all me fings and me boyz!”<br/>
<br/>
In a remarkably short time, they found their way to the last of the construkta yards. All of them had taken notable armor damage, scuffs and breaks here and there, but none had fallen who could not get back up. For now, at least. Falkor and his brother apothecary did admirable work to ensure this was possible. Here, there was no ship under construction. Or perhaps the as of yet fallow mountain of scrap metal was meant to be transformed into one later, but it remained land-bound and untouched by struts and cranes still. The reason for that was more than self-evident, its entire crew of meks and gretchin had joined in with the orks already swarming the yard to keep it protected.<br/>
<br/>
“That is…a lot of orks,” Doukas noted.<br/>
<br/>
“That it is, Captain,” Gabriel hefted his hammer in hand. “Sergeant Augum?”<br/>
<br/>
The scout sergeant hefted his shotgun and glanced back at his single squad of scouts.<br/>
<br/>
“It would take…considerable time, Chapter Master, even if we could.”<br/>
<br/>
“We could retreat for now, try to link up with one of the other battlegroups,” Doukas offered, ignoring the outraged turn from Apollo at the thought of running. “Then return.”<br/>
<br/>
The Captain of the Honor Guard had been a part of an Explorator Fleet. He was used to having to use somewhat less ‘courageous’ techniques to defeat number parity. Besides which, the orks were not pausing to let them speak, already charging at the tunnel they had emerged from. The first few dozen were turned to chunks by the rapiers, but even their magnificent beings could only hold and bring so much ammo at a time. Worse, there was absolutely no sign that the ork was inclined to join them. Even, Gabriel was beginning to muse, if he desired to. There was something there, niggling in the back of his head, absorbing the reports of his chapter, the bellows of the ork to all of the battlegroups, the timing, the internal machinery displayed…<br/>
<br/>
<b>Tactical Realization<br/>
75</b><br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, what are your orders?”<br/>
<br/>
“The Arch-Maniac of Calverna,” Gabriel said instead, the thought sparking with the ring of truth. “Yes.”<br/>
<br/>
He twisted to avoid an incoming rocket with a gretchin attached, letting it detonate meaninglessly in the distance. The plasma pistol in his free hand bucked as its payload flew into the face of the ork who had fired the rocket in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
“One of the most notorious ork leaders in the galaxy, not to the point of Ghazghkull, but considerable for the equipment of its forces,” Gabriel continued. “The orks we have faced are substantially well equipped, number a disproportionate amount of cyborks and mega-nobs, with even their more basic mobs bearing minor bionics here and there. Even their squigs.”<br/>
<br/>
He fired again, this time striking a smoking squig that exploded in the barrel of the launcher it had been stuffed into, causing an explosion that took out ten orks at once.<br/>
<br/>
“And his words,” he said coolly, above the cacophony of three rapiers and fifteen terminators firing at once. “His tools, his body, his yards. The Doom-Eater isn’t just the station. He <i>is</i> the Doom-Eater. Somewhat more lucid than the Maniac, though this place is nowhere near the size of a forgeworld.”<br/>
<br/>
The vox squealed once more.<br/>
<br/>
“A<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#339966">hu</span>rr…ahur<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#339966">rahahah</span>…HAHAHAHA! Oi, <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#339966">yer</span> a clever one, y<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#339966">ou iz. Dat’s roight!</span>” The ork laughed from every direction. “<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#339966">I’ze Ghurzgot Doom-Eater! And dis is <i>MY</i> KILLY-NAUGHT!</span>”<br/>
<br/>
At his voice, the orks slowed their charge, for just a moment, listening in what looked almost like religious ecstasy.<br/>
<br/>
“<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#339966">Dem boyz is me blood, cause dem boyz is me WAAAAGH!! We’ze gonna eat up all da gubbins in da ‘ol ‘ooneverse, and spit out shoots and ships! We’ze gonna get a big enuff fleet, and we’ze gonna go back, and we’ze gonna stomp <i>all </i>dem buggies!</span>”<br/>
<br/>
Thump. Thump. Thump. The orks began to stomp their feet and bang their weapons upon the ground. And as one, they began to ululate.<br/>
<br/>
“Doom-Eater! Doom-Eater! Doom-Eater!”<br/>
<br/>
“<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#339966">Dat’s right! Now gettem’ boyz</span>!”<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Collected Results Of Phase 2</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Blood Ravens Fleet Retreats To Distance, Ork Fleet Has Pursued!<br/>
Construkta Yard Gamma Under Assault! Battlegroup Primaris Requires Aid To Complete Objective, Otherwise Forced Into Holding Position!<br/>
Construkta Yard Alpha Destroyed! Battlegroup Secundus Available For Further Orders!<br/>
Construkta Yard Beta Destroyed! Battlegroup Tertium Pinned Down By Massive Enemy Response! Cannot Fulfill Orders, Locked Into Holding Position!<br/>
1 of 14 Bays Claimed/Disabled! Battlegroup Quartrus Pinned Down By Notable Enemy Response! Will Attempt To Continue Previous Orders Unless Ordered Otherwise!<br/>
Warboss Identified: Ghurzgot Doom-Eater! Major Characteristic Identified: Wired Centerpoint - Cannot be pulled from centralized location within superstructure from which he directs his forces. Must be located and found. <br/>
- Warboss Tactical Possibilities: Exterminatus Weaponry/Deep Strike Teleporters/Strike Force Penetration Through Mundane Means<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Orks show high amount of 'advanced' weaponry and armors, and significant coordination through Doom-Eater communications. <br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Orks are dedicating high numbers of forces towards Battlegroup Tertium, drawing forces away from assaulting Battlegroup Quartrus And Primaris.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Battlegroup Secundus is capable of heading towards and aiding any one battlegroup, further separation of individual battlegroups inadvisable. <br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Battlegroup Primaris is in danger of being overrun in larger spaces due to volume of fire potential. Extremely effective in close quarters tunnel fighting. Currently able to funnel foes attacking them into a tunnel. <br/>
<br/>
Current Possible Tactical Targets Of Station:<br/>
- Engine Sectors Alpha/Beta/Gamma<br/>
- Anti-Orbital Defenses <a class="link link--external" href="http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/Ork_Fleet_Weapons" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Include</a>: Looted Imperial Broadside Cannons/Scattered Orkish Lance Turrets/Ork 'Heavy Gunz'/Ork 'Gunz'/Ork Torpedo Bays<br/>
- ‘Maw Of Gork (Or Mork)’ Additional Characteristic Revealed: Fleet Deployment Capabilities<br/>
- Construkta Yard Gamma<br/>
- Depths Of Doom-Eater [Precise Location Of Warboss Unknown]<br/>
<br/>
Battlegroup Primaris</b><br/>
Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard [Captain Doukas/Chaplain Volkoss/Apothecary Falkor]<br/>
15 1st Company marines<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company<br/>
1 Apothecary<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
Techmarine Quarius Zergan and 3 other Techmarines, 3 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured But Functional</u><br/>
Honor Guard Chaplain Uther Volkoss<br/>
4 1st Company Marines<br/>
1 Techmarine<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Secundus</b><br/>
Captain: Marcus Crixus TH<br/>
Company Champion: Uriel Hamul TH<br/>
Epistolary: VACANT<br/>
Apothecary: Constantius Romallius TH [24 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain: Ares Actus TH<br/>
10 1st Company<br/>
31 Unassigned marines from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span><br/>
2 1st Company Dreadnoughts<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company<br/>
2 Apothecaries<br/>
Chaplain Ravias/<br/>
Techmarine Hestior/2 other Techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer)<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brothers Cassius<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured But Functional</u><br/>
9 10th Company Marines [Unassigned]<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities:</u><br/>
1 Techmarine<br/>
14 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines [Unassigned]<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brother Brutus<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Tertium</b><br/>
Hannibal Palrun<br/>
24 1st Company Marines<br/>
40 unassigned marines from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span><br/>
2 1st Company Dreadnoughts<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company<br/>
2 Apothecaries [4 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain Antonius/2 Chaplains<br/>
Techmarine Calus/Techmarine Daedal/2 Techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer)<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brothers Adrandus/Anchises<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured, But Functional</u><br/>
10 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines [Unassigned]<br/>
2 Techmarines [Non-Notable]<br/>
3 1st Company Marines<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities</u>:<br/>
N/A<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Quartus</b><br/>
Captain: Cyrus Octavius<br/>
Epistolary: Trajan Maphar<br/>
Apothecary: Marius Astophiles [10 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain: Augustine<br/>
1 Apothecary<br/>
6 Scout Sergeants<br/>
Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]: 0<br/>
Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]: 60<br/>
Neophytes [2nd Stage]: 125<br/>
(Specialist Neophytes [2nd Stage]: 0 Apothecary/2 Chaplain/9 Techmarine)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured But Functional</u><br/>
14 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities</u><br/>
21 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]<br/>
5 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<b><u>Phase 3 Orders</u>:<br/>
With the 4th Company And Fleet Out Of Range, Orders Cannot Be Delivered To Them!<br/>
Techmarines In Communication With One Another, Have Offered New Possibility!</b><br/>
[] Battlegroup Orders<br/>
-[] Primaris: Hold Position And Attempt To Pursue Objective <u>OR</u> Retreat Towards (Write-In) <u>OR</u> Pursue Depths Of Station To Locate Warboss Within<br/>
-[] Secundus: Head Towards And Aid Battlegroup (Write-In) <u>OR</u> Pursue New Tactical Target (Write-In) <u>OR</u> Pursue Depths Of Station To Locate Warboss Within<br/>
-[] Tertium: N/A [Currently Locked Into Holding Position]<br/>
-[] Quartus: Breakout And Continue Objective Attempts <u>OR</u> Retreat Towards (Write-In) <u>OR</u> Pursue Depths Of Station To Locate Warboss Within<br/>
<br/>
AND<br/>
<br/>
[] Techmarine Orders [Requires All Techmarines To Work On One Or The Other Due To Difficulty Of Actions]<br/>
-[] Disruption: The techmarines believe it may be possible, thanks to the haphazard nature of ork technologies to engineer a method of feedback and overall disruption that would disable much of the Warbosses capability of communicating with its forces and affecting it's ability to point them, or even order them about properly. It would, if successful, provide an immediate aid to the current fighting forces.<br/>
OR<br/>
-[] Location: The techmarines are sure that the sheer amount of information and power required to ensure the Warboss is somehow connected thus can be tracked down. Perhaps. If they can trace it, they can find the heart of this damn place and allow the whole of the Blood Ravens to fall upon the enemy's leadership. It will take time, however, and restrict them from fighting as they coordinate through noosphere and vox.​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>