<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 3 (Part Three): Ragged Yet Unbroken</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 3 (Part Three): Ragged Yet Unbroken</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><i>GM Note: Sorry about the delay guys. School and muses make for sporadic…ness. Anyway, last part of Turn 3, huzzah! Turn 4 will be in the year 999.M41….the dawn of the 42 Millennium is just over the horizon…</i><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>  Ragged Yet Unbroken<br/>
+998.M41+<br/>
+While the enemies of the Emperor still draw breath, there can be no peace+</b>​</div> <br/>
Neroth snarled as yet more pathetic ‘gangers’ dared to assault his forces for treading in the mass of hovels they claimed as territory. Had it been any other day, any other world, he would have relished the looks on their faces from haughty defiance to stark terror as they realized that they faced servants of the Dark Gods. Of how with a single gesture he ripped their hearts and spines apart and with another he lanced forth bolts of explosive warpfire which melted bodies and souls alike. The song of corrupted bolters firing would have been pleasant to the ears were they not being wasted against foes that were merely barring their way.<br/>
<br/>
Another explosion rocked the streets of the hive, krak missiles coming down and obliterating the defensive position that his supplicants had so hastily constructed, sending a handful of cultists flying and knocking one of his few remaining marines to the ground. At the least, that one was blessed by nurgle, and so despite half of their armor being blown away and revealing putrid hanging flesh they stood and hefted the heavy bolter they wielded once more to lay down covering fire.<br/>
<br/>
“That damned fool Eliphas, may his soul burn forever in the Basilica of Torments!” Neroth hissed to himself, hands frantically weaving another warp rift. He needed <i>time</i> to craft the proper paths so that what meagre remnants of the short lived Lord of the Black Legion’s warband could escape, time that the Blood Ravens seemed most determined not to let them have.<br/>
<br/>
What a pathetic excuse for an operation this had become. Neroth’s chanting grew intense as he tried to pull apart the warp, only to growl in fury as another presence intruded. A psyker…daring to defy <i>him</i>? To defy the Black Legion!? Then with an opening salvo of bolter fire and plasma weaponry, he realized just how that was possible.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens had finally gotten close enough.<br/>
<br/>
“Strike with fury! FOR THE EMPEROR!”<br/>
<br/>
“NONE SHALL FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
Neroth gave one final mighty push, straining to rip open the warp, before like an anvil the intruding presence on his ritual broke the entire thing apart. The nine carefully devised ritual circles were scattered – the entrails of the sacrifices used to mark it whipping apart as the warp screamed in outrage and tore apart the nascent tunnel. The backlash was immediate, and Neroth bit back a scream as the fires of the warp tore across his body, scorching his flesh and portions of bone beneath.<br/>
<br/>
Then it exploded, a half formed daemon popping into and out of existence in the blink of an eye and sending Neroth flying backwards to slam into a nearby wall. All around him the rest of the warband turned to focus on the new threat, the gangers forgotten as the nuisances they were as loyalists appeared from the far side of the street. At their head strode both a heavily armored captain wielding a bolter that Neroth could <i>feel</i> the history of…as well as a marine clad in blue and carrying a force staff in one hand.<br/>
<br/>
Fury bubbled up within him. The entire mission had been a mistake from the beginning, a failure twice over given command over <i>his</i> warband, trapped in the Subsector by Kyras and the Blood Ravens alike, and now <i>this</i>?<br/>
<br/>
“Kain!” Neroth called as he wrenched himself out of the wall and summoned his staff to his hands, “Destroy them!”<br/>
<br/>
The aspiring champion did not even dignify the order with a response, instead screaming his lungs out and sprinting towards the Blood Ravens with chainaxes in each hand. The loyalist captain immediately shifted fire, but had to dodge out of the way of the wild berserker charge as Kain leapt into the heart of the enemy ranks. Neroth, instead of facing them, turned back to his shattered ritual site.<br/>
<br/>
“I will <i>not</i> die here, not for Eliphas, not even for the Despoiler!” he muttered, summoning the powers of the warp once again despite the torturous pain wracking him.<br/>
<br/>
He had lived for millennia, and in all that time he had suffered far worse than <i>this</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Maphar! The Sorcerer!” called out one of the Blood Ravens, but Neroth did not turn. He refused to die here, he would live, and he would have his revenge, on Eliphas, on the Blood Ravens, on every world in the blasted subsector!<br/>
<br/>
“I see – guagh!”<br/>
<br/>
“Blood for the Blood God!”<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Maphar! No! Damn you!”<br/>
<br/>
Had Neroth possessed the mind to do it, he would have loved to have expended the effort to smile at the curdling scream of the Librarian. As it was, he required all his effort here. He twisted and ripped at the warp – no longer in order to create a channel that could carry the rest of the warband, but only himself. The rest were but insects…and replacable. He, on the other hand, was most certainly not. He did not flinch when the first bolter shells began to impact against his back, for the ritual….was complete, the death and carnage of his servants serving enough for a crude yet viable rift.<br/>
<br/>
He turned back and looked, just one more time, to see what remained of his servants die. Veterans of the Horus Heresy, Chaos Space Marines that eclipsed the age of even the oldest Blood Ravens, all dying like <i>dogs</i>. Bereft of resupply, forced on the run, and now this, all for the mad ambitions of Eliphas who simply <i>had</i> to die in battle against the Blood Ravens in the initial weeks of his mission, handed down from the Despoiler himself. With a loud boom, a sniper round from the distance slammed into his shoulder, destroying the whole area around the impact and sending his left arm splattering to the ground. Neroth howled, and delayed no longer. With a vicious ripping motion with his staff, the rift opened just long enough for him to step within – yet even he was not fast enough for <i>another</i> round to come and crack into one of his knees causing an explosion of gore and bone and leaving him with only two functional limbs. Snarling, he nevertheless threw himself through, and the warp swallowed him just as a third round flew exactly where his head was. Instead, the warp flashed away leaving only the materium behind and the round flew and created a small crater in the ground where it struck.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>​</div>Tarkus frowned as the sorcerer escaped, but his attention was also busy with directing his forces to clearing out the last of the Black Legion. His eyes flickered towards the Librarian Maphar, and the apothecary frantically working to keep him alive, then back towards the one who would have slain the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Companies Epistolary had Brother Jacobus been a hair slower. The aspiring champion had died with cries to the Dark Gods on his lips, yet they had not stopped the sniper round from screaming into the head of that dark twisted thing that might have once served the Emperor in another life. The thump of approaching power armor made him look up to see the grimacing and newly promoted Jacobus hefting his sniper rifle.<br/>
<br/>
“I apologize, Captain Tarkus. If I had taken the shot earlier…”<br/>
<br/>
“What matters is that you slew him, Jacobus,” Tarkus replied as he stood, clasping a hand on his brothers pauldron. “Now, it is up to Apothecary Astophiles.”<br/>
<br/>
Speaking of which, the two walked over to the formerly white armored healer who finally sat back, the whole of the front of his armor liberally splattered with the blood of his patient and those he had cut down earlier.<br/>
<br/>
“Will he live?”<br/>
<br/>
“He’ll be all right…though he’ll need a new arm. This one is too mangled even for my expertise.”<br/>
<br/>
As if to prove him right, the now one armed Epistolary opened his eyes again and began to struggle to his feet.<br/>
<br/>
“I apologize for worrying you Captain,” he said ruefully, his own specialized biology quickly clotting a wound that would slay a mortal man and allowing him to think clearly – or more correctly to simply ignore the pain.<br/>
<br/>
“It is no matter,” Tarkus shook his head, “We’re done here. The Traitor Guard, the Rebels, this Warband, they are all finished.”<br/>
<br/>
“The sorcerer escaped,” Jacobus pointed out, but Tarkus would have none of it.<br/>
<br/>
“He has no forces, and ran from here. We shall remain on planet to see if he attempted to simply relocate during mop up operations, but more likely than not the cockroach has completely fled the sector after seeing their plans fall apart so – but we shall be wary, they will no doubt return some day.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Great Victory: Chaos Warband Destroyed, Aspiring Champion Kain and Plague Champion Varius Slain, Chaos Sorcerer Neroth heavily wounded. Epistolary Maphar lost his left arm, will need Bionic Replacement. New Available Operation – The Cleansing of Meridian.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
[Calderis Task Force – Tracking The Green Tide (Feral Orks): 14]<br/>
[Calderis Task Force – Tracking The Green Tide (Non-Feral Orks): 1]<br/>​</div>He was the Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens…and he was starting to get frustrated. His eyes fluttered behind closed eyelids as willpower and effort struggled to force their way through the mire that had become of the warp in Subsector Aurelia lately. The raw psychic forces billowing about his being would have driven a simple mortal mad on sight and torn them to wet shreds to boot. Again he attempted to pierce the veil of the future, to commit fully to the battle sight….only to find himself stymied once again. He did not know what that meant, only that he had failed…<i>again</i>.<br/>
<br/>
It had been weeks and weeks, but still he continued to come up against an impossible mosaic of futures. None of which rang true. He was quite sure that being granted a maddening series of potential truths and futures was far worse than being stymied by a blank and impassible fugue. Or perhaps that was the frustration talking. Either way, despite his attempts to pierce the veil and furthermore the best efforts of practically the whole of the entire Blood Raven forces assigned to Calderis at the moment he had been entirely unable to find the orks.<br/>
<br/>
Or at least, the orks he was attempting to find. Some blinding green corona hung over the planet, tainted with remnants of the Hive Mind and the more psychic capable forms of the infesting tyranids who remained even now. Far greater in presence however were the orks.<br/>
<br/>
The First Company had shifted from defense to offense, and in the process were dealing more damage to the reeling feral orks and tyranids of whom many still lived even after such thorough orbital bombardment. At the same time, he could not help but feel something was…off. He was no Eldar Farseer, yet his skills were not so unrefined as not to be able to pierce the warp when absolutely needed. But he did not need such abilities, not in this instance, for instead it was simply his instincts faintly creeping up in his mind, an almost silent alarm.<br/>
<br/>
His thoughts were interrupted however by the squawk of the vox piercing his sanctum. Normally he would have such things disable but in these times it <i>was</i> possible for the Master of Ships to override it in times of emergency. The fact that such a course had to be taken at <i>all</i> was not reassuring.<br/>
<br/>
“Chief Librarian, there is grave news, report to the bridge on the order of the Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>​</div>You have long learned not to underestimate orks, but…<i>this</i>…this was surely the universe itself attempting to squeeze some last bursts of penance from you. It is not as if you would be underserving of such things – had they come at the hands of a Chaplain or the Great Father, but this is simply egregious.<br/>
<br/>
“Explain to me, again, how this occurred,” you rumble quietly, bionics hissing all the while.<br/>
<br/>
“The Kaptin we chased came to <i>us</i>,” Brother Macharius says grimly.<br/>
<br/>
Between the two of you it almost looks as if two Iron Hands had gotten lost somewhere and ended up in Blood Raven colors, so heavily augmented are you both. But you find no humor in this, especially with the results of what occurred on the surface. What had occurred, in fact, a very startlingly short time ago to your mind.<br/>
<br/>
“You could not resist him?”<br/>
<br/>
“Perhaps,” the Devastator Sergeant muses, his voice and image crackling on the holo as the signal struggled to reach the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i>. “Had we not so zealously sent out almost the whole of our force, Argus Settlement may have actually been successfully defended. This is the mistake of us sergeants and none other.”<br/>
<br/>
“I disagree, Macharius. Had I or the Chief Librarian been down there, this may have been avoided,” you say with earnest regret and burning fury. So foolish.<br/>
<br/>
These <i>damn</i> bionics keeping you wary, keeping you from going forth as you once did, must be dealt with. Whether through extensive training with Apollo to completely and utterly cease the tremors from them and the reduction of your movements or some other means, it simply must be done.<br/>
<br/>
“Had it not been for Brother Antal, we would have lost the entire settlement. As it is, he kept it viable, and forced Bluddflag into retreat albeit in an unexpected manner,” Macharius defends his fellow veteran sergeant, but the shame of this failure burns at true Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
The door opens onto the bridge and your new Chief Librarian makes his way over.<br/>
<br/>
“Martellus is furious that the orks managed to force the Teleportarium to work for them, but the fact of the matter is that it did,” you intone before turning slightly to include Probalis. “Chief Libarian.”<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, you requested me?” he seems to be feeling the general sense of faint shame and thick annoyance cloying the air on the ship.<br/>
<br/>
“It seems that your efforts in searching for the ork known as Kaptin Bluddflag on Calderis are no longer needed,” you say, folding your arms behind your back and facing the stars. “Approximately one hour ago he and the whole of his forces rammed several vehicles through the defenses set up at Argus Settlement to push to the powerful Teleportarium within and through blasphemous means engaged it.”<br/>
<br/>
“He- what?”<br/>
<br/>
“You heard correctly,” you do not turn to look away from space, though your gaze does drop to the main recruiting world of the Chapter which floats seemingly harmless in the void. “While the reserve forces left behind managed to destroy the majority of his force, he and a small band – numbering less than a dozen – went through. We have found no signs of them on Calderis and according to Captain Tarkus the Teleportarium on Meridian has not activated.”<br/>
<br/>
“Which would leave only two places for him to have gone,” Probalis finishes, and you bow your head slightly to let him continue. “Of which, one is Aurelia which remains forbidden to all lest its taint spread….and the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed,” you say, unfolding your arms and clenching your fists. “But for all his cleverness, he has left Calderis to us fully, and we shall not simply give up the chase because he has temporarily escaped. Brother Antal managed to slay his Mek and second in command after the Teleportarium was engaged but the majority of the reserve force left behind was left in serious condition.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see. What of Calderis?”<br/>
<br/>
“I shall make my decision on that later,” you wave a hand, mind still racing at what such a creature as Bluddflag might manage to create should he have time to once again build up his forces.<br/>
<br/>
“If I make a suggestion, Chapter Master?” Macharius – who had been silent – says almost bashfully if the very concept of such a thing would be unthinkable for a space marine.<br/>
<br/>
“Speak, Brother.”<br/>
<br/>
“The First Company needs a Captain,” says the blunt veteran, “We have been proceeding as individual squads instead of the Company that we should be. Had we Captain we might have been able to redeploy properly rather than attempting to meld several leader’s decisions into the correct path.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see. I shall make my decisions known soon, be ready.”<br/>
<br/>
With that, you stride for the lift, stabbing out at the activation rune to make it descend. Victory and failure, always these things seem to be one after another in the Blood Ravens. Victory at Kronus…and a harsh time under the gaze of the Inquisition. The defeat of Kyras…and the near death of the chapter. Now this.<br/>
<br/>
But.<br/>
<br/>
You refuse to despair. There yet remains rounds in your bolters and fury in your hearts. The Blood Ravens are not yet done.<br/>
<br/>
None shall find you wanting.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Bitter Victory: Kaptin Bluddflag Has escaped with a very small crew to one of two locations – Aurelia or the notorious and deadly space hulk <i>Judgement of Carrion</i>. His second in command and main Big Mek has been slain. However, of the 10% of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company left in Reserve, 23 of the current 75 Marines Present, 5 were slain and two were left in mortal condition that require Entombment or be left to die. All others were left in wounded condition but a year’s time is more than enough to heal them and so are of no real note. </b><br/>
<br/>
<i>Note: Now That All Leadership Options Have Been Fulfilled, New Options Are Available</i><br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Operation Available: The Cleansing of Meridian<br/>
- (Write In Forces Dispatched, Note Can Also Simply Specify To Use Forces Already Present At Location)<br/>
[] Operation Available: The Cleansing of Calderis<br/>
- (Write In Forces Dispatched, Note Can Also Simply Specify To Use Forces Already Present At Location)<br/>
[] Operation Available: The Hunt For Bluddflag – Aurelia<br/>
- (Write In Forces Dispatched)<br/>
- <b>Note: Aurelia still sinks of the warp and is known to be tainted, the Great Unclean One Ulkair is banished, yet his touch and whispers can still be heard. Great fortitude and willpower will be required for those sent here. Note that it is not known if Bluddflag is even there or not.</b><br/>
[] Confer With Advisors – <i>Judgement of Carrion</i><br/>
[] Recall Brothers In The Deathwatch<br/>
- (Specify In Write-In)<br/>
[] Send Ships To Zerann 52X1 For Repair (Will Begin Small Interlude for negotiations, etc.)<br/>
[] Promote Someone To Captain of the 1st Company<br/>
- Macharius Sicarius (Devastator)<br/>
- Amicus Antal (Tactical)<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
[] Agility<br/>
<br/>
<u>Know Your Chapter [Choose Two]</u><br/>
[] Inquire about the Korianis Sector<br/>
<br/>
[] Inquire about Segmentum Ultima<br/>
<br/>
[] Inquire about Segmentum Obscurus<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos </u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos and Chief Librarian Probalis are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> doing nothing.<br/>
- Kaptin Bluddflag has been reduced to himself, a frustratingly stealthy Kommando Nob, a brutish Stormboy Nob, and a dozen orks. It is possible that wherever he has gone, he has died there. It would not do to underestimate him again, however.<br/>
- You are slow. This must no longer be. Your agility <i>must</i> be bettered, you cannot allow these bionics to slow you forever!<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Reconstruct Implantation Chambers of <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [500 BP Cost]<br/>
[] Build Order (525 BP Available)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- Priority should go to repairing the Chapter Fleet, perhaps we can contact the Mechanicus to do so? We still have good contacts with  Zerann 52X1, do we not?<br/>
- Once the Implantation Chambers on the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> are repaired, Brother Gracchus can move in and actually begin some real work.<br/>
- While the Chapter’s numbers remain as they are, we should turn to the Tarantula Turret. It can hold the positions we simply do not have the numbers to hold. They certainly held up quite well when I was alone on Typhon against everything that world threw against me.<br/>
- We need a bit of everything when it comes to equipment these days.</div>
  </body>
</html>