<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Four)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Four)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Altered Phase Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Alter Upcoming Phase Plan As Follows (Write-In)<br/>
-[X] Strategic Path For Next Phase<br/>
--[X] Retake<br/>
---[X] Kuru, then Matsuya<br/>
----[X] 1st and 2nd Fleet, Justinius Probalis, Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard<br/>
---[X] Vatsa, then Avanti<br/>
----[X] 10th and 4th Fleet, Hannibal Palrun, Nero Gracchus<br/>
--[X] Middle<br/>
---[X] All ground forces</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<i>GM NOTE: Apologies for lateness. But better now than never, I suppose?</i><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">Going by the auspex scans, surface activity across all of the alien-held worlds in the system was up more than a thousand percent. Factory production, assembling defensive positions, and so on. From the retaken <i>Sacred Crown</i>, the Blood Ravens watched, planned, and within the day, readied themselves to deploy once more. Their fleet divided in two, while the sons of the Lion drove out without hesitation. To the younger Blood Ravens it was somewhat confusing as to why they would drive out alone, but their veteran brothers granted them wisdom. For those who had fought in the single concentrated mass since being promoted from scout, it was one thing for the histories to tell of a single company, alone, ranging out into the harsh void. It was another to watch it happen.<br/>
<br/>
“We will remain here,” Martellus grunted as he employed pure physical strength to wrench more alien technology off and away from the Imperial cogitator banks. “Restoring what capabilities and weaponry the station possesses will be a worthwhile endeavor. In the meantime, we can also access the other defensive stations. We will be transmitting information to your ships as you go. Good luck Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
“May the Unknown Primarch watch over you, Martellus,” Gabriel said gravely before marching away.<br/>
<br/>
As the highest in Chapter command left the Master of the Forge behind, Hannibal reared up and smashed apart another piece of xeno technology of unknown purpose with his crozius. Martellus did not even flinch, his mind and efforts wholly consumed with the likely lengthy repairs required for <i>Sacred Crown</i> to return to true form.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">==========================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
Above the planets Kuru and Matsuya hung their once prominent defensive stations. Installed by the Imperium centuries ago, the remnants of their capture damage were still visible to the scans of the Blood Raven fleet. It was easy to see where the xenos had boarded, melting their way through and then later patching up the holes they’d burnt into the hulls. By now, it was very likely that the former crew members on the stations were all consumed. But that did not give the Blood Ravens pause. The echoes of the horror and pain on them were audible to the Chief Librarian’s ears from halfway across the system. This only stoked the fires of rage in the astartes as they began their <i>own</i> boarding procedures.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Repair Efforts<br/>
43</b><br/>
<br/>
The time it took for their ships to reach Kuru and Matsuya was enough for Martellus to reconnect the network of the <i>Sacred Crown</i> with its lost attendants. Then, with one signal, the power systems around the defensive stations flickered once, then twice, then a third time. With each pulse, the teleportariums of the Angels of Death activated. Suysh found themselves suddenly surrounded, vital system control centers were flooded with enemies, and docking bays were blasted through. Weapon systems attempted to target darting Blood Raven ships, but it was too late. Just as in the past they had not been quite capable of defending themselves alone, they could not defend their new masters from the Blood Ravens. The astartes vessels were too fast, and too heavily armored and shielded, ensuring that no damage could be truly taken before they escaped.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Station Assaults<br/>
48 vs. 19/35 vs. 63<br/>
73 vs. 28/15 vs. 40<br/>
66 vs. 36/63 vs. 30<br/>
70 vs. 16/40 vs. 80</b><br/>
<br/>
On the stations around Kuru, the shields held more strongly than anticipated, forcing the Blood Ravens to resort to more physical measures. This did not dissuade them, however. For all that the Chapter Master and his Honor Guard were enough to take a station alone, elsewhere Captain Marcus of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company could do similar measures. It was the newly reborn 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company that struggled the most, though this was to be expected given their newness. In the end, of course, an assault ram carried Captain Sicarius to the forefront where he took to the fighting with vicious fury. The scent of blood in the air carried the xenos to great heights of martial defense, but in the end, they could not resist forever. Ugly stations that they were, and lonely positions as well, it seemed that Kuru and Matsuya’s station occupants possessed few of the elite amongst their number. Worse, the lack of Queen communion kept them from overriding their normal biological instincts when dozens of space marines came storming through the corridors.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, after two weeks of fierce fighting, it was done, and the stations were retaken over both worlds. The wounded would require healing, but the scope of the campaign would let such a thing be done soon enough. A trio of marines of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span>, unfortunately, fell while stopping the suicidal Suysh from detonating the reactor of their station. A noble series of deaths, to be sure, and ones that brought victory. For without their sacrifice, the station would have been lost, and the forty other marines of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company present with it. Elsewhere, a teleporarium mishap had resulted in a squad being thrust out of position, vulnerable to being surrounded due to the heavy weaponry of the alien. Though the squad came out victorious, it was not without grave cost.<br/>
<br/>
<b>-6 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Marines (12 Gene-Seed Recovered)</b><br/>
<br/>
Below, the xenos seemed to boil over the surface with even greater ferocity, continually preparing for the invasion that had come to dislodge them.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">Elsewhere, the planets of Vatsa, then Avanti were the target. Vatsa was a curious matter, for the records on <i>Sacred Crown </i>revolving around the loss of a defense station were gone. But the fact remained, of the four, three remained. A massive gap in the overall defensive grid that the planet once possessed. Only debris remained of the station, and even that was curiously difficult to de-mystify. Somewhat frustrating, the sons of the Lion barreled past and through this opened hole, landing multiple thunderhawks onto the planet below. They seemed entirely unconcerned with retaking the stations at all. It fell to the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to retake the three remaining. At the least, due to the orbital differences of all four planets, there was enough time for Martellus to work on restoring the <i>Crown’s</i> connection to the stations after learning from his previous work.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reconnecting<br/>
52</b><br/>
<br/>
Unfortunately, the Suysh had desecrated much of the Omnissiah’s works. Though he was able to begin cycling the station shields and weaponry, it was only as effective as it had been before, no more, no less. It would be largely up to the marines present to manage anything of true worth.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Station Assaults<br/>
80 vs. 55/73 vs. 35<br/>
17 vs. 30/81 vs.  62<br/>
84 vs. 83/55 vs. 55<br/>
88 vs. 36<br/>
</b><br/>
There was a growing number of Blood Ravens who had taken to wary awe of the Master of Sanctity. The largest of the Blood Ravens living without dreadnought internment, Hannibal Palrun’s deeds were quickly growing in fame. This was no different. A formation, unofficially known as simply the Fist of Purity, had come into being rather unexpectedly. All unattached Chaplains followed behind their great master as he bellowed and battered his way through the enemy. Their black armors and white skull helms were soon painted with the alien gore of Suysh, a chorus of hateful litanies screamed throughout the station that soon enough fell to them. Elsewhere, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company fought their way against a tide of alien foes, preferring to lead the enemy into ambushes and crossfires than to leapt their way into the fray without suitable protection. In this, Captain Octavius found them wise. Uncommonly, Nero Gracchus deployed himself, his white armor darkened by the blood of the enemy as he administered his skills as a healer to the wounded on the battlefield.<br/>
<br/>
Over Avanti, after a week of fighting over the stations of Vatsa, the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company drove forward first. the fighting was shockingly short, the relentless Hadrian demanding no respite whatsoever. Within but a single day the walls and floors were painted with the blood of the enemy, and the station once more broadcasted loyal hymns. If there was damage left behind on the station for the techmarines and adepts of the Imperium to restore, then that was the price of victory. At the end of that single violent day, the foe was dead and Hadrian was already preparing his forces for heading down to the planets below. The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company similarly required time to resupply and ready themselves.<br/>
<br/>
But with the victory over Vatsa coming as thoroughly as it did, there was time. Time for the Blood Ravens to observe their…allies.<br/>
<br/>
On the planet below the Scarlet Lions had struck multiple xeno complexes with seemingly no pattern at all. To be sure, they killed the enemy, but they did not seem to be pursuing any individual objective other than said killing. Occasionally, they would unleash bombing runs from their thunderhawks to put pause to xeno charges and reinforcement columns. Sometimes, they would strike an infantry column before fading back into the desert wastes of the planet, other times they would fight protracted battles to penetrate and destroy hardened Suysh positions. But then there was little more time for speculation, for the Blood Ravens themselves were dropping to the four planets themselves. A middling approach had been decided upon, for without sufficient data an assault on a Queen would be suicide even if one <i>could</i> be found so quickly.<br/>
<br/>
Instead, the Angels of Death assaulted those factories and arms depots where the enemy vehicular strength was stored, forcing them to try and protect what they could against the speed of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Kuru Landings 72 vs. 29<br/>
Matsuya Landings 100 vs. 1<br/>
Vatsa Landings 36 vs. 80<br/>
Avanti Landings 33 vs. 45<br/>
</b><br/>
On the planet of Kuru, the former town and factorum complex of Amber Mills was lost to total conflagration. Techpriests ignited fuel lines and reactors alike to create a chained series of destruction. There was nothing to preserve there, no human lives to save, nothing that the Mechanicus would care to preserve. All had been melted down for perverse alien machinery, a wholly alien complex sprouting from the abused corpse of the Imperium’s own industry. Unlike with the <i>Sacred Crown</i>, there had been no need to preserve elements of Imperial technology to ensure control, for the whole of the planet belonged to the perfidious alien. As it was, Amber Mills was only the first of many enemy vehicle complexes to be targeted. An armored column here, a factory which produced aircraft there, an entire shipping yard where many tanks had been preparing to be shipped onto distant battlefields. The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company dominated Kuru’s airfields as well, utilizing orbital bombardment with matchless efficiency.<br/>
<br/>
But their destruction paled before the anger of Captain Sicarius.<br/>
<br/>
In his first grand deployment, his brothers – newly promoted they may have been – had failed. Not in securing their objectives, but in matching their brethren. To compare newly promoted Blood Ravens to the veterans of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> was a fool’s errand, but even so, there was a burning need to prove himself. For had not the new captain of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> been passed over for leadership of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> for a younger, unproven, less experienced marine? Though few would know it, Sicarius would confess in confidence to Hannibal that he did not know if he would be able to make up the difference, for Captain Marcus had more than proven himself. It was one thing to be a well-regarded sergeant. Entirely another to command an entire company, especially in the trying times the Blood Ravens found themselves in. The highest of Chaplains in the chapter had told him thus – the Emperor had provided a proving ground in this campaign, but it would be up to him to actually prove himself.<br/>
<br/>
Hannibal could not have known how his words would inflame the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company’s captain, nor the brothers of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
All seventy members of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company fell from the skies above Matsuya as a single massive drop. No thunderhawks, only drop pods, and yet they targeted one of the largest and most well defended factory complexes on the planet’s surface. It had been built up as one of the original beachheads that the Suysh had created upon taking the planet for themselves. An entire army of Suysh was present there, infantry ranging from their most base trooper to the most elite of their Hungerers. Fang tanks and scream claw VTOL craft were present in large number, several of which were manned. Captain Sicarius did not care. He announced the arrival of his company with a concentrated orbital bombardment, and landed amongst the ashes at the very center. From there, the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company roared out into the night, firing plasma weaponry in such number that what had been midnight became day for twice in a row.<br/>
<br/>
But they did not stop there. Within the day, the entire complex had been set aflame, and the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company had moved on, leaving the thunderhawks to bomb the site repeatedly and prevent the return of the Suysh. Then they struck another complex. Then another. Then a third. In the time it took the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company to capture a comparable victory as the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> had committed in their initial deployment, the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> had repeated their performance thrice more. Individually, the Suysh infantry could not often stand up to the Blood Ravens, and they did not give them many chances to test this. In time, they began sending out larger and larger parties of Bloodscales and Hungerers, for far too many Clawborn had died to the hands of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company. Eventually, matters progressed to the point that the sheer destruction required the attendance of one of the fearsome Royal Guard, sent to try and defeat the threat by the whims of the one of the planet’s Queens. It was further accompanied by a number of their stealth troops and void screamers alike, all to try and kill the doughty marine.<br/>
<br/>
Captain Sicarius vaporized the Royal Guard from the knees up, nearly overloading his plasma cannon in the process. Meanwhile, the stalkers were shot apart and the void screamers torn asunder by blade and grenade. Apothecaries descended eagerly and worked alongside those psykers available to the company for many a week. Within a month, they had discerned the precise pheromone-psychic trail, chemical and warp intertwined as a command thread. A path has been found, a path to a <i>Queen</i>, on the planet. It is now known where one resides, having so foolishly tried to kill one of your own. By providing their own psykers, their stalkers, and the Royal Guard, consumption and analysis of the resulting memories, coupled with the expertise of the apothecaries and librarians, there was information aplenty to analyze. Now? You know where one is. A massive swathe of territory could be broken up into anarchy.<br/>
<br/>
However, the records of the Deathwatch caution against basic assassination, and her presence within a major mine prevents you from orbital bombardment. Cyrus, from a planet half a solar system away, advises placement of teleportarium beacons, to boost and improve the signal, to ensure that those who commit to the killing can be retrieved. A harder fight, to be certain, being forced to pause repeatedly and install the beacons, leaving behind more and more to prevent the repeaters from being lost. Whosoever would be the last of the parties required to delve to the deepest point and slay the Queen would have to be prepared for the absolute possibility of death, even should they succeed.<br/>
<br/>
But then, you are space marines. Such a fate is not unexpected.<br/>
<br/>
Things did not go as well on Vatsa or Avanti, however. The Scarlet Lions did not bother communicating with the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company or the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, busy with whatever it was that they were doing. The Suysh, riled up as they were by the attacks of the foreign chapter, repeatedly ended up running counter to attempts by the Blood Ravens to pursue their own objectives. More than once, a base that was assumed to be less defended suddenly was due to an alien redeployment due to a Scarlet Lion assault. An armored column was redirected and ran into the Blood Ravens before an ambush could be properly set due to an assault elsewhere by the Scarlet Lions upon a Suysh base to the north of the canyon. Injuries began to mount, and as they did, assault efforts were forced to slow in turn due to lack of action-capable personnel. Progress continued to slow, further and further, though few could fault Captain Octavius for slowing the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company down slightly rather than risk the valuable neophytes after a Suysh warband managed to surround a number of neophytes and literally eat them. Experience was one thing, carelessly throwing them into the fray was another entirely. On the other hand, the aggression of Hadrian had finally found a match, clashing in dozens of battles against the Suysh, struggling to strike down depots without taking too many casualties. For all that ceramite was proving itself a remarkable defense against the heat-based weaponry of the alien, they still possessed more primitive yet still frustratingly effective chemical-based explosives.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Veteran’s Eye<br/>
82</b><br/>
<br/>
But then…<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=====================================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
It was a cavern, located just a handful of minutes away from a currently smoking ruin which had once been a Suyush artillery compound. It had not been one thing. It had been a hundred. Small bits of data collected within a mind centuries old, its own twisting pathways divergent from many of his kind. Cyrus had been unconventional amongst the Blood Ravens even before he joined the Deathwatch, and that had not reversed itself in the time since he had left them. But the patterns were undeniable, to one such as him, in this one instance. He was not prideful enough to think that he could not be fooled, he had seen his betters fall into such a trap before, and so he remained entirely open to the possibility that he could be wrong. But he did not think he was, in this case. For many, the patterns of the Scarlet Lions were without rhyme or reason. Their targets were from a wide selection, none seemingly granted more precedence than the other. But not to Cyrus. Not to him.<br/>
<br/>
They were driving the Suysh towards the Blood Ravens, and had cost him neophytes. He would not forget that. Nothing so obvious, certainly not, but he had realized that they had managed, very carefully, to repeatedly deploy themselves such that the aliens were being used as a wall between the two distinct chapters. No evidence existed that could prove it, none besides his word. So he had ranged out alone, leaving the rest of the Company to rest and regroup after the latest failed offensives. He had stalked past and through the xeno lines, and into the burning wastelands left behind by the Scarlet Lions. And he had discerned their target, finally, tracking every data point and extrapolating. He also knew he had but moments before they arrived to the cavern itself, despite the fact that there was almost nothing at all to differentiate this hillock from those that surrounded it.<br/>
<br/>
Save for the battle damage. Plasma scars on the rocks, heavily eroded by the wind patterns in the area. Krak explosive traces in the soil that his bionic eye could see where the naked eyeball could not. The winds blew so harshly in this area that what evidence there was would no longer be there within another few years. But he was here now, and so delved deep. Here, a bolter round had cracked stone. Here, the wash of a heavy flamer had scorched the rock black, the soot almost completely gone by now. Further he descended in silence…until he found it.<br/>
<br/>
Or him, rather.<br/>
<br/>
It was a grave site, hastily made, but with purpose and some scraps of dignity.<br/>
<br/>
A power sword, its housing and internal components irreparably turned to slag by the Suysh heat weaponry, stabbed down into the earth. A single black and green pauldron piece, heavily scarred and shattered into three, had been placed against the sword. There was no body, obviously, but the inside of this portion of the cavern’s walls, a rare area protected from the punishing environment outside, held all the signs he needed. A great battle had taken place here. Blood still stained the rock, both astartes and alien alike. There was no heraldry at all, neither on the blade nor on the pauldron. But that was all the time he had, the servo skull he had left outside informing him as to the screaming arrival of three separate thunderhawks.<br/>
<br/>
It was time to see if the works of Martellus were truly enough. He had less than sixty seconds before they would arrive, not enough time to leave, but enough time to hide himself.<br/>
<br/>
Soon, the Scarlet Lions arrived. They were led by the one who had called himself Akermian, so-called Master of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company of their chapter. There was little patience in his approach, stomping forward through what scant signs that could possibly have been left by Cyrus’ passage without care. He was accompanied by a full ten terminators, but it was another who pushed past them all and halted the procession with a single silent gesture. The golden rosarius which dangled from his neck gleamed in the darkness of the cave, save for three black pearls that were interspersed throughout the chain. The crozius he carried identified him, somewhat, but there was nothing of the bombastic fury typical that Cyrus would normally have expected. He knelt, retrieving a massive tome bound in leather, its ancient pages yellowed and fragile. Then, he began to read, flitting from one page to the next. Not even Cyrus could hear what words he might have muttered, the angle he’d chosen when he hid not allowing him to read either.<br/>
<br/>
A servo skull rose up as well, its loadout entirely non-standard, and began to scan the sword and shattered pauldron. There was a long moment, where Cyrus did not even breathe at all. Then another. Then another still.<br/>
<br/>
“Well?” Akermian finally rasped out. “Was it-,”<br/>
<br/>
“No,” the chaplain said as he stood, an audible note of frustration and disgust in his voice. “It was not. This was another. That makes ten against ten. They opposed each other, and sought to use the aliens as their weapons as well.”<br/>
<br/>
Akermian just growled.<br/>
<br/>
“Then we are wasting time here. We know where we must go. The longer we spend on this benighted world, in this pathetic system, the longer the hunt will take,” he snapped out, turning around to begin marching back out of the cave. “Set the explosives like at the other sites. Leave no trace behind.”<br/>
<br/>
Twenty of the thirty Scarlet Lions present swiftly left, Akermian and his chaplain with them, leaving a single squad behind. Slowly, they began to place a number of melta charges about the cavern. However, one paused as he prepared to place one more pack of explosives by the sword and pauldron itself. His hesitation was noted by the others, who had finished their own tasks. So focused was the rest of the squad on their paused brother that Cyrus had extricated himself from his previous position and was halfway up the cavern when he paused to hear them speak.<br/>
<br/>
“What troubles you, brother? Place the last of them and let us be gone from this place,” he heard one mutter.<br/>
<br/>
“We do not know who they were, only that they fought what we all fight, but we ensure that their memory is forgotten. I do not know what to think about that,” came a quiet but steady voice.<br/>
<br/>
“You may speak with the chaplain <i>after</i> we are done here. Complete your duty, and <i>move out</i>. I took a chance on promoting you to my squad. Do not forget that, Celerian.”<br/>
<br/>
“…understood.”<br/>
<br/>
There was a final click and beep, but by then, Cyrus was away. He was even further when the hill and its secrets were removed from the surface of the world forever, and further still to rejoin his company.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">===========================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">Gabriel roared as he brought his hammer down, shattering the body of the hungerer in a trio of strokes that a lesser man could not have managed. The hammer rose up and fell down in a blur, shattering armor and scale alike, obliterating the bone and meat that made up its body. All around them the Suysh were charging, desperate to protect the last of their tanks and fueling supplies. It was all for naught, however, as the timed explosives placed within ensured that despite thousands charging to attack the hill that the Blood Ravens had claimed for themselves, the depot began to be torn apart from the inside. Despite the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company being on another planet entirely, it was not as if the marines present had forgotten their lessons so quickly. The foe resembled an angry ocean of beige scales and rock-like armor, the strange yet unique fizz-whine-thrum of their thermal cannons filling the air. Missiles and plasma cannon shot answered back, dreadnoughts scouring the field with their assault cannons. Whole piles of shell casings rattled about underfoot, sometimes being pressed deep into the earth by an unerring boot of ceramite.<br/>
<br/>
A crackle of the vox had Gabriel turning slightly, his terminator plate simply absorbing and diffusing away the thermal cannon shot which splashed against him. He angled himself simply, yet that was enough to stymie a great amount of the foe’s potential weapon power. Around him, the rest of the Honor Guard filed in, while Apollo himself outright charged into the enemy. Such was the strength and speed with which the champion did his duty that the very cracked and dry earth split and erupted in small spikes beneath his feet. A literal trench was driven not just into the ground but the foe who had dared to stand upon it.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, this is Martellus?”<br/>
<br/>
“Speak, Martellus. You have news?”<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, sir. The Scarlet Lions have left the system.”<br/>
<br/>
That, more than anything, put Gabriel to pause. Even the roaring of aliens completely surrounding his position while the battle barge overhead triangulated the correct coordinates to teleport them out could not distract him from those words.<br/>
<br/>
“Explain, Martellus.”<br/>
<br/>
“They withdrew all of their forces, claimed that they had found enough information to locate the home system of the Suysh Hives, and departed immediately.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel leaned back to avoid the swipe of a massive thermal blade, the white hot material sizzling with enough excess heat to char flesh within a foot of its body. In the same motion he spun <i>Godsplitter</i> about one-handed and cracked it into the claw clutching the blade, shoulder-checking the alien in the same motion. Scales cracked as the weight of his armor and the strength behind it pulverized a good chunk of the hungerer’s body. Stomping down, he prevented it from reeling back too far and simply reached forward with one hand to wrap about its throat. Rather than strangle it, he squeezed beyond such a point that it instead simply tore the alien’s head from its shoulders. There was a crackle of tainted ozone in the air, and he glanced up at the stars to where the <i>Omnis</i> was surely waiting.<br/>
<br/>
Then there was the transition, and for a terrible eternal instant he and all his nearby brothers were flung up through the warp and into the teleportarium of the <i>Omnis</i>. He did not even need to pause as he prepared for a new teleportation towards a new target. The techmarines were working tirelessly to ensure the success of such a tactic, but Gabriel knew simply by a cursory listen to their chatter that he would have to ride along the thunderhawks instead for a time, for the warp could only broker such manipulations for a certain period of time before its writhing made the risks of teleporting outweigh the possible benefits.<br/>
<br/>
Then there was a thrumming of the ship as its bombardment cannons fired. Far below, the Suysh army which had sought his head were obliterated, plums of dust and blood rising high into the air as the aliens were vaporized.<br/>
<br/>
“What should we do, Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel grit his teeth and shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“We can do nothing about it, for now. We have our own duty. If they wish to abandon their so easily, so be it.”<br/>
<br/>
“I also have a message from Cyrus, Gabriel. He has some worrying news.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel slowly began to grind his teeth as the message was relayed to him. It only grew worse when he heard that there were the beginnings of fluctuations within the warp. The Suysh had gotten signals out, and their ships would be oncoming. Thankfully they had planned for this, and a significant portion of the fleet present had already prepared themselves for such an eventuality. When the aliens arrived, the Blood Ravens would be ready for them, their ships leaving orbit to perform interdiction duty. The news that a Queen had already been located was welcome, and so salved his bitterness ever so slightly. If one could be tracked down and killed, so too could others. The Librarius assured him that such would be the result if one was slain, if only so they could track the emanations that came from its death, as well as the following transfer of the hive's membership being switched to another Queen's control. That, more than anything, would be the key. Once that was done, the Queens would begin to fall, one way or another.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Refinement And Continuation</b><br/>
Phase 2 Concluded! Either vote to continue on as previous planned, or modify plan already in place! Please view the spoiler tabs for tactical considerations!<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">[] Continue With Current Phase Plan<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Current Planned Phase Plan!</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">--[X] Interdict<br/>
---[X] 1st, 4th and 10th Fleets, 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Continued Bombardment<br/>
---[X] 2nd Fleet<br/>
--[X]<b> Top</b><br/>
--[X] During first two steps Librarius will concentrate on predicting the actions of the Suysh and where their defenses are the weakest. During 3rd step, they will concentrate on locating the enemy Queens and if their connection to the rest of the Hive is psychic and if it can be disrupted.<br/>
--[X] Vehicles and unassigned specialists to be distributed equally amongst battle groups.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
OR<br/>
<br/>
[] Alter Upcoming Phase Plan As Follows (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Phase 2 Completes!</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Total Casualties/Fatalities</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>10 of 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Wounded<br/>
4 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Killed [8 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
15 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Wounded<br/>
5 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Dead [10 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
1 Tarantula Sentry Turret (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolters)<br/>
-6 2nd Company Marines (12 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
-12 10th Company Neophytes</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Phase Objectives + Tactical Considerations</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Tactical Consideration! Orbital Stations All Successfully Reclaimed!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! 3 of 4 Orbital Stations Over Planet Vatsa Functional! One Destroyed! Auspex Records State From Space Marine Vessel Combat! Chrono-Records Indicate From Same General Period As Sacred Crown Damage!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! Scarlet Lions Have Departed System! Cyrus is personally certain that they deliberately ensured the Suysh ran into certain Blood Raven efforts, but has no real proof. After all, they were still killing aliens, and the aliens simply reacted. The Scarlet Lions were tracking one party, and found two. Apparently their 'quarry' was in combat with another group entirely, resulting in multiple locations across Vatsa being sites of evidence, all removed by concerted Scarlet Lion efforts. Identities of either of the two parties is unknown. </b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></div>
  </body>
</html>