<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Three): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Three): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Focus On Military Targets<br/>
[X] Theta<br/>
-[X] All forces</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
"Explosives planted," the scout murmured into the vox, voice inaudible to the patrolling slaughra soldiers who marched past, chittering to each other in their alien language from maws of pincers and fangs dripping with digestive fluids. "Awaiting your order."<br/>
<br/>
The entire squad remained motionless in the snow, despite the chill seeping into their bones even through the armor, and waited. At one point, one of the slaughra outright stepped on one of the scouts, who remained silent even as the pincers of the leg went into his back. The xeno chirruped as it stumbled slightly, causing its fellows to give harsh rasping laughter at its mistake, a moment of levity despite the battles being fought across the planet. For the scout's credit, even though the armor had been pierced, they did not move, other than shifting ever so slightly to cover the wound with snow. The slaughra which walked away did not even note the blood on its leg which was swept away by the snow it marched across. Five minutes passed before the order came through, the vox crackling quietly. Cyrus' answer and order was the same, a single word that was growled out by the Captain who was providing overwatch on another operation miles and miles away.<br/>
<br/>
"Go."<br/>
<br/>
The trigger was squeezed, and the machine spirits did their duty in transmitting the order. The fuel station was, for a moment, a brilliant multi-colored star against the white and blue of the world's environment, flash heating the snow around the facility into steam immediately on heat alone. More importantly, the entire tank division which had been sat there both for protection and refueling went up as well, the fire scorching all. Secondary explosions went off soon after, fuel tanks on the outer edges of the base erupting in turn, until the entire base was an uninhabited inferno. Less than sixty seconds later, the slaughra patrol which had passed by returned, running, to gape and screech about the destruction, only to be cut short as ten specters dressed in red and black beneath their camo-cloaks rose up and slaughtered them in silence. Only then did they turn away, and retreat for their waiting stolen transports, to drive even further into the enemy lines. For the Blood Ravens had learned from the rage of the Imperial Guard who they had aided. Now, instead of hours ahead, they were days, weeks, months deeper into enemy territory than all but the most specialized and hardy of regiments and specialists, and there they did their work.<br/>
<br/>
The swarm's front would collapse in a dozen places before the unrelenting onslaught of the Imperial Guard, bereft of fuel and reinforcements they had been expecting for quite some time. Soon enough, the aliens would begin to starve as they were forced into retreat, finding only blackened husks that had once been their bastions, bunkers, and holdouts. Supply depots scorched or blasted apart heralded the death knell of not just the Swarm's military forces but the various civilians they had on the world as well. Conscripts died just as well as their cooks and doctors, all starving to death in the cold without fuel or energy lines to provide heat. In those days, many a colonel and general would muse - but never say in the presence of the Lord General - on the wondrous victories that had been effectively piled at their feet for the taking. Morale shattered across the world, compounded in on itself again and again with the ripple effects of a continually broken set of supply lines. Ammo, fuel, food, and medicine, all of these most vital of things which formed the lifeblood of almost every military force in the galaxy, had been clawed away from the slaughra by the Angels of Death.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Slaughra Swarm (Z04X)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Libarius Scrying And Planning: 20. Negligible Results.<br/>
World Deployment Selection: 1d5=2= Ice World Deployment.<br/>
10th Company Efforts: 100! Natural Critical Success. Effects: Superlatively Effective Efforts Against Swarm Military Targets!<br/>
Cervantes Obstruction Attempts: 4. Non-Existent Results.<br/>
Conquest Progress:<br/>
Slaughra Capital World - 30% Imperial, 70% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Ice World - 38% Imperial, 62% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Desert World - 35% Imperial, 52% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Primaris - 24% Imperial, 64% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Secundus - 40% Imperial, 60% Slaughra<br/>
Z04X Space Control: Contested - Imperials Strongly Dominant, Z04X Swarm Naval Strength Exhausted, Z04Y Swarm Naval Strength Attempting To Return To Home System To Protect Homeworld</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<u><b>Decisions For 10th Company (Choose One):</b></u><br/>
[] Focus On Civilian Centers - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. But this is not a simple military crusade, it is a total reclamation of worlds that should be for humanity's purposes, not the alien. Once, ages ago, they were, and now, they will be again. Thus, genocide. The vast majority of the Swarm, like many species, are either not military or being conscripted. As time goes on, this will continue. The more conscripts there are, the harder the fight will be. It would be better to kill them before they are properly armed, and to hopefully also cause significant morale damage.<br/>
[] Focus On Military Targets - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. The Blood Ravens can aid in this, for there are few amongst any of those mighty forces who can manage the same stealth and capabilities of a properly trained and equipped scout. The more military positions, bases, supply dumps, barrier towers, shield towers, and more that are taken down, the faster the military will be destroyed, and thus, the faster the military can properly begin exterminating the civilian populace of the Slaughra.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div> <br/>
<b>Arrival Through Warp: 43! Turbulence In Transit, Small Spread Of Ships On Arrival!<br/>
Tzeentchian Defenses: 77! Enemy Prepared For Arrival, Defensive Posture Assumed!</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: left"><br/>
The orders are given, and the Imperial Navy splits from you with their violent passengers across the rest of the system. The Blood Ravens, on the other hand, turn towards the world which bears the mark of the Changer of Ways. The Librarius reports increased pressure as you approach, some of the younger Lexicani bleeding from an ear or eye but with the guiding hand of Justinius, none come truly close to succumbing. That alone is not enough, however, for you are moments into your arrival, the ship sliding from the screaming maw of the warp itself, when you realize that the enemy ships have already somehow shifted to meet you. The reasoning is simple, especially given Justininus' confirmation of feeling the touch of Chaos in this. It, of course, would be the Tzeentch worshipers who would turn their sorceries towards something like this.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Hadrian's Manuevering: 84<br/>
Theta Fleet Assault: 50</b><br/>
<br/>
In the past, and now, the swarm are not so close to human technologies as to possess lances of their own, but with their connection to Chaos they do not need to be. Their corrupted vessels, the battleship-sized daemonship in the lead, let loose with near-lance equivalents of clearly warp-tainted origin. A screen of bio-mechanical torpedoes scream out through the void towards your ships, joined soon after by small lashes of laser arrays. None of them make significant progress in the goal of destroying your fleets. Hadrian does not bother barking out his orders, instead letting them flow through the command throne with his teeth grit. You clearly cannot feel every single significant movement of the battle barge, but you know they are occurring all the same. The tactical screen lights up with dozens of warning symbols that are answered in turn by the varied salvos of the ships of three company fleets combined.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Master of the Fleet: 99<br/>
Tzeentchian Swarm: 11<br/>
Tzeentchian Summoning Attempt: 42</b><br/>
<br/>
A great flaring of light erupts from the planet-wide storm which obscures Theta from view, but it comes about for nothing for now, though you receive reports of the Librarius' youngest members struggling to remain cognizant. A summoning attempt, Justinius informs not just you but all on the bridge, his eyes flaring with light as he sees beyond the ship itself and into the warp. You hardly even need give orders, the Master of the Fleet and Chief Librarian capable of following and anticipating your wishes in a fight such as this. What the enemy misses in technological equality, they have bridged the gap with the tainted strength of Chaos in terms of firepower. Yet they do not face mere men, but space marines. Like a raging tempest, bombardment shells fall upon the enemy ships, a salvo from the strike cruisers knocking out its void shields in time for them to hit, shredding the greatest vessel's front and sides. Even as it lists, the cruisers twist about, undulating unnaturally and impossibly through space, firing all the while without hesitation.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Aggression Is Key: 25<br/>
The Changed Swarm: 6<br/>
Tzeentchian Summoning Attempt: 90</b><br/>
<br/>
Aggression does not avail them here, as Hadrian forces your ships to match them strike for strike. The immensely powerful shielding and durable hulls of the battle barges prevents any of your own cruisers or escort ships to be destroyed, instead allowing them to maneuver swiftly and furiously. For all that space marine ships are not directly meant for void combat, they do not entirely fail at it either. Breaching swathes of torpedoes splash out across the somewhat less tainted cruisers, sabotaging systems and killing crew before retreating, while thunderhawks fly out and unleash damaging bombing runs on enemy hard points. But while the ships take heavy damage, a strong push by some of the strike cruisers shattering smaller shoals of escort-tonnage vessels entirely with close-range knife strikes of their weapon arrays, a great cascade of purpled lightning rocks over the spires on the planet below. It is matched by a cloud of lightning and calcified flesh growing out in randomized outcroppings from the wounds torn into the daemonship flesh. Then, to the cries of the lower Lexicanum before the codiciers and epistolaries can shield them, beasts slide out of the daemonship's wounds like maggots, massive things of flesh and warp energies personified.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reorienting Charge: 86<br/>
Changed Swarm + Beasts of Tzeentch: 61</b><br/>
<br/>
Such signs of Tzeentch are not the best of signs on the greatest of days, but they are foes just as well to be slain. Though they spew warpfire in great blasts across the void, poisoned gobs of plasma launching out of their gaping maws, the Blood Ravens maneuver around them. At one point, Hadrian maneuvers the <i>Omnis Arcanum </i>right in the center of their formation. The largest battle barge the Blood Ravens have ever possessed, one of the largest on record as far as you know due to the sheer breadth of is internal Librarium and Apothecarium facilities, with the requisite defensive capabilities to boot. He practically pushes the bombardment cannon into the daemonship's guts, the shields weathering withering amounts of firepower all around it, drawing the attention of the varied warp beasts that have been summoned - only for them to be flanked and assaulted from the rear by the strike cruisers and remaining battle barges.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Driving Them Back: 90<br/>
Sorcerous Defense: 46</b><br/>
<br/>
In a moment, the enemy fleet doubles. Mirror images shimmer into being, moving in their own directions and firing their own weapons. Some even manage to scratch at the void shields, but Hadrian is undeterred. Which ships are which, for all begin moving at the same time in disturbing coordination, is determined as much by the efforts of the Librarius and Hadrian's intuition. And, perhaps, luck. Whether or not these constructs are as powerful as their fellows, it does not matter, for weapons arrays and torpedoes strike their maligned flesh just as well. The original ships are harder to destroy, but at the same time more hindered than helped by it. It's easier to tell which ships are copies and which are not by their continued survival against the salvos unleashed against them. The macrocannons and plasma projectors of the <i>Omnis </i>fire out again and again, breaking shields and allowing bombardment cannon strikes at the hands of the other battle barges to obliterate the enemy ships.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Crush: 4<br/>
Desperation: 92</b><br/>
<br/>
The psychology of the swarm is obviously alien, though there are certain characteristics which are somewhat recognizable. Desperation. Hatred. Loyalty to the government and state - even if in this case it is to the Dark Powers. In this case, as some of their last ships give up all pretense of victory in favor of causing damage, some of your ships die in fire. One of the last Beasts of Tzeentch manages to coil itself around a gladius of the 4th Fleet, and in its death throes damages it enough to leave it shattered. The spine is broken open, and its innards spill into the void. What remains is then destroyed by another of the swarm ships. You know that you do not have enough escorts, barely even a full squadron where other Chapters would have multiple for each of their strike cruisers, and it bites you badly here. Nevertheless, Hadrian does not give up, and shifts the fleets accordingly. While the escorts flit about, firing as they can, more are destroyed, while the enemy's point defenses destroy some of your thunderhawks as they fly out to bomb them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Attempted Reversal: 69<br/>
Thrashing In Death: 31</b><br/>
<br/>
They fight, and fight viciously, but they die all the same. Eventually there is nothing more than the shattered molten remains of their vessels, while the daemonships are dematerializing entirely. The blobs of metal and circuitry which remained in their bodies does not phase away as the guiding grip on the materium is slain, but that is cleansed as well. The fight is done, in orbit at least, while lightning crackles across the planet-spanning cloud cover. From point to point are the strange crystalline towers, though you know for a fact that they cannot be allowed to exist for very long. Especially considering how they reacted and were likely at least partially responsible for the summoning which occurred here. While the casualties are counted, the wrecks that might be salvaged later towed back into a more stable position, you ponder your options. Obviously, landing troops without knowing what is <i>down</i> there is repulsive and foolish, you are not in such dire straits as to require it.<br/>​</div>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Confirmed Naval Presences In System said:" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Confirmed Naval Presences In System said: said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b>Imperial Navy Losses In System</b><br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruiser<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x2 Firestorm, x1 Cobra, x2 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blood Raven Losses In System</b><br/>
x2 Gladius Frigates (4th Company)<br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Great Father's Fist</i><br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Omnis Arcanum</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Kappa</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Admiral Graves)<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
15 Escort Squadrons (x11 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
10 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Theta</b><br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleets (Blood Ravens)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Nu</b><br/>
1 Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
3 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons  (x3 Firestorm, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Sigma</b><br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
9 Escort Squadrons (x5 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonworld/Capital</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Batteship-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
1 Beast of Tzeentch (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
2 Swarmships (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
4 Daemonships (Cruiser-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
2 Beasts of Tzeentch (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
15 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Undivided-leaning)
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote><div style="text-align: center"><b>Set Approach For Stage Two Of Engagement:</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left">[] Close For Bombardment: One thing that is learned after centuries of warfare in this galaxy - no matter the power of the shield, the strength of the daemon, the technological might, or sheer durability of the target, enough firepower can bring down <i>anything</i>. Blessed items, psychic sorcery, these are useful, true, but on the far end of the destructive scale even daemon princes can be slain by enough concentrated blasts, shells of devastating power, and magma bombs. These...Towers of Tzeentch must fall, both for their obvious connection to greater summoning sorceries, continued use over the planet, etc. Bring the battle barges in close, and begin firing. They are literally made for this one purpose - even if they can be turned to other uses - and break the towers down. Thus, the world beneath will be fully revealed.<br/>
[] Remain At Distance And Dispel: You cannot know the defenses of the enemy. How many anti-orbital defenses they might possess, other ships in perhaps dimensionally phased docks beneath the clouds, or what the towers themselves might do if you get close enough. They already spark and crackle with warp lightning, and were part of the summoning ritual which brought forth a group of ship-sized daemons. Who knows what might happen to your ships if they get close enough to be affected by them. Better instead to have the Librarius turn their might against them, to dispel the clouds, to at least reveal their purpose, and perhaps allow you to plan out better what is to occur next. At the least, here, failure might only slay some of the weakest of your Librarians, rather than cost you ships and marines at the same time.​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>