<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Famed Members of the Chapter</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Famed Members of the Chapter</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><u>Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
Born and raised upon the world Cyrene, Gabriel Angelos distinguished himself amongst his peers even before the Blood Trials were undertaken, and only more so during and afterwards. In time, he would advance from initiate to Captain of the 3rd Company of the Blood Ravens, a truly esteemed position won through sheer excellence and valor without any of the politicking that characterized the Blood Ravens under Azariah Kyras, the previous Chapter Master. When heresy was discovered upon Cyrene, it was he who contacted the Inquisition, showing his dedication to the Emperor above all else, despite the torturous realization that to do so would spell Cyrene's doom by Exterminatus. In the aftermath of that darkest hour, he met and befriended Inquisitor Adrastia of the Ordo Hereticus, a friendship he would later call on in the aftermath of the Second Aurelian Crusade. Gabriel would go on to lead with distinction in in the years afterwards before the Tartarus Campaign, where he would end WAAAAGH!! Orkamungus, battle the Alpha Legion, destroy the foul artifact known as the Maledictum, slay his close friend the Librarian Isador Akios who had fallen to Chaos, battle eldar of the Biel-tan Craftworld before temporarily allying with them, and save a significant portion of the populace despite greenskins and chaos space marines. Once again, his resolve held in circumstances that could have broken lesser men. Later, at the Battle of Rahe's Paradise, he came into contact with the eldar of Craftworld Biel-tan once more, even going so far as to make a rare attempt at trust, but it came largely to naught. In the end, he made the hard but necessary decision to enact Exterminatus once the planet was revealed to be a Necron Tombworld, despite the fact that it was a precious recruiting world of the Blood Ravens. His task done, he headed to Lorn V in response to Imperial distress signals.<br/>
<br/>
In the void over Lorn V, despite accusations of heresy from Captain Ulantis of the 9th Company (who himself had long been corrupted by Kyras), Gabriel followed the Farseer Taldeer of Ulthwé into the Webway to the hidden Eldar planet Arcadia, the Eldar World of Law, to locate a weapon to use against the Necrons. On Arcadia, the Blood Ravens would come to blows with the infamous Ahriman of the Thousand Sons, who also sought the blade as well as other secret knowledge on the world. It was only the intervention of the mysterious Eldar known as Harlequins that allowed them to repulse the sorcerer and escape with their lives. Once they returned, Farseer Taldeer managed to succeed at destroying the Necrons of Lorn V, disappearing at the battle's end. She would return only a short time later in the Dark Crusade, her actions against the Imperium on Lorn V slating her for destruction by the demands of Segmentum Command, the one in charge of such an expedition being Lukas Alexander, who would come to blows with the Blood Ravens on Kronus. With that done, Gabriel would turn to the Targa System, recently invaded by the Tau in the course of their so-called 'Third Sphere of Expansion'. He would face them on all five planets of that system, the 3rd Company alone proving enough to absolutely crush the Tau and repulse them from the system entirely before the Imperial Guard could be ferried there by the Imperial Navy. No sooner was that done than he turned about to Subsector Aurelia, being the nearest Blood Raven fleet able to assist during the First Aurelian Crusade. Despite the best efforts of the Hive Mind, and the death of many Librarians and Astropaths, he would succeed in rescuing the beleaguered Heroes of Typhon - not yet named as such - as they had begun their final stand after poisoning the Hive Ships and Norn Queens of the Hive Fleet assaulting Subsector Aurelia.<br/>
<br/>
Throughout the Second Aurelian Crusade, Gabriel grew more and more open with his defiance of Kyras, refusing to abandon the Subsector to the Black Legion despite the orders of the traitorous Chief Librarian and Chapter Master. Kyras ordered the Heroes of Typhon to stand down and deploy to the Ferox Rift Crusade, on the southern rim of Segmentum Tempestus. Both Gabriel and Force Commander Aramus flatly refused. Both knew that to do so would be to possibly lose three of their handful of remaining Recruiting Worlds, as well as abandon billions of Imperial Citizens to the depredations of Chaos. The 3rd Company was, however, too large to move as discreetly as the Heroe of Typhon on their sole strike cruiser, and so Gabriel was forced to move more subtly. In the end, however, as Kyras squeezed those unwilling to leave the Subsector through his hand in Apollo Diomedes, he absconded with what war material he could, being subsequently declared a renegade by the Chapter Master and Chief Librarian. Even even then, it was Gabriel who aided Aramus in the final battle with Ulkair and Eliphas on the ruined planet Aurelia, and it was Gabriel who subsequently banished Aramus on Penitent Crusade to the Eye of Terror. For he knew that to compromise the soul of himself and his brothers as Aramus had would be to ensure that Kyras would win. Yet he also believed it was possible for Aramus to find redemption, whether in survival or death in the course of said Penitent Crusade. In the aftermath, Gabriel found that the majority of the 3rd Company had been depleted in the fighting, and so folded in loyal members of the 1st and 4th Company into his forces to supplement. Even so, he knew that he could not defeat Kyras alone. Thus, he called not just upon the remaining Heroes of Typhon but an ally within the Inquisition. In the Third Aurelian Crusade, Gabriel called upon his friend and ally Inquisitor Adrastia of the Ordo Hereticus to investigate the allegations Gabriel levied against Chapter Master Kyras. During the Third Aurelian Crusade, Gabriel coordinated with both Adrastia and Apollo Diomedes, who had come to admit that there lay rot within the Chapter and was willing to investigate. He would be the first to arrive on blasted and burnt Cyrene, members of the 3rd Company joining him in battling a newly ascended Kyras. Though he fell to the titanic blows of the former space marine turned daemon prince, his life was saved by loyal apothecaries and significant bionic replacement.<br/>
<br/>
After a short period of adjustment, these bionics have proven to further aid him, increasing his combat capabilities and strength. He now stands resolved to rebuild not just the numbers of the Blood Ravens, but their very character in a new era, even if the eternal question of the Unknown Primarch and the words of the thrice damned Eliphas will forever ring in his ears. After the death of Kyras, he has seen to the rebuilding of the Chapter's relations with other Imperial organizations and their numbers, all whilst wielding the increasingly legendary hammer known as <i>Godsplitter.</i><br/>
<br/>
One of greatest Blood Ravens in recent history, it was Gabriel Angelos who first uncovered the heresy at the heart of the Chapter and it was he who struck the first blows against it. Such was his will and reputation that the twisted Azariah Kyras did not even attempt to corrupt him, instead the fallen Chapter Master attempted to brand Angelos as a renegade and set the Chapter against itself. In this, Kyras succeeded, but he did not expect that those remaining pure members of the Chapter to actually fight back, much less have any chance of success. During the vicious Blood Raven Civil War which occurred just after the Third Aurelian Crusade, it was Gabriel who triumphed and not the corrupted scions of Kyras. A veteran of battle against every single major xeno foe of the Imperium and then some, sworn foe and many-times victory against the forces of Chaos, and now Chapter Master, Gabriel Angelos is known as a stalwart, noble, and nigh-incorruptible hero of the Imperium to numerous worlds and officials across the Imperium. He has fought in every Segmentum, and his battle honors are many. He has faced warbosses and squiggoths, daemons and daemon princes. He is one of the few living members of humanity to ever visit the Black Library and return, facing the infamous sorcerer of the Thousand Sons known as Ahriman. He crushed the Tau in the Targa System. Friend and many times ally to the Inquisition, his position is nearly unassailable politically.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperium's opinion on his <i>Chapter</i> is far less favorable.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Former First Company Captain, Then Honor Guard Captain, Current Chapter Master Bodyguard Apollo Diomedes</u><br/>
The Captain of the Honor Guard and previously the Right Hand to the traitor Kyras, Captain Diomedes has spent his time since the revelation of just who he had served so faithfully for so long alternatively brooding and being filled with absolute fury. Previously one of the most politically involved members of the Chapter, the Captain has in recent times retreated from such things entirely, focusing solely on his combat abilities and protecting Chapter Master Angelos with incredible ferocity.<br/>
<br/>
Still, despite reaching his former position with no small amount of political maneuvering, he is perhaps the best living fighter in the whole of the Chapter, though it is rumored that the exiled Force Commander Aramus could have matched or even eclipsed him. As it is, he reigns supreme on the battlefield while Chapter Master Angelos leads. Apollo Diomedes remains the space marine who once defeated the Chaos Sorcerer Anupharis the Cruel and Warboss Manstompa Megakilla in the same day, who later fought on against and defeated the accursed Kyras. He simply finds no glory in his actions any longer. Once a fiery and prideful champion of the Chapter, Apollo Diomedes is known as a singularly depressive figure to his fellow Blood Ravens, whose demeanor and words can turn even the most aggressive and energetic marine morose. He restricts himself from doing so when not directly approached, and as such has found himself increasingly isolated from his brothers. Yet this is rarely held against him, for he was a blind puppet to Azariah Kyras for over two centuries, and to have the veil ripped from his eyes as it was in the Third Aurelian Crusade nearly broke him. For his close association with Kyras and having been traitor's most powerful personal agent in dealings with the rest of the Imperium and all of its foes including the Inquisition, a great amount of scrutiny has been focused on Diomedes. Such is his shame and acknowledgement of his folly, the former Captain of the Honor Guard has relinquished his position - knowing he could not possibly retain such a position of importance in the Chapter any longer.<br/>
<br/>
Even now, however, it cannot be forgotten that he remains one of the greatest warriors in the Chapter's history. But whether he will rise from the depths of his own self-loathing or burn in a pyre of his own bitter fury remains to be seen.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Tomb-Captain Davian Thule</u><br/>
Once the second most well beloved Blood Raven in the Chapter behind Chapter Master Angelos, Captain Davian Thule was head of the 4th Company for quite some time. With a list of accomplishments stretching quite high indeed, one of the the greatest of his feats was the Dark Crusade on the planet Kronus whence he fought against and found victory against the simultaneous armies of Chaos, Eldar, Necron, Ork, Tau, and more regrettably the Imperial Guard who refused to obey and leave the planet. It is said that during the Dark Crusade he uncovered strange and dark secrets regarding the Chapter and had said records burned into non-existence. Now, he is the only one privy to the secrets of Kronus, refusing to answer even Chapter Master Angelos's questioning. The price for his defiance was being posted for the long-term on the Recruiting Worlds of Sub-Sector Aurelia.<br/>
<br/>
A respected leader by all, he was unfortunately struck down during the arrival of the tyranids in the First Aurelian Crusade with their vile poisons though thankfully he survived long enough to be interred into a holy dreadnought. In the past, his moments of lucidity were few and passing though treasured as a result of the Tyranid toxins which ravaged him most terribly, but over the years steady work by the Apothecarium and time to heal has returned him most fully. He speaks as easily as he ever did, and only by his unshakable will does he stave off the great exhaustion and slow descent many of the entombed suffer as the centuries go on.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Captain of the 10th Company and Master of Recruits Cyrus Octavius</u><br/>
The taciturn and eternally grim Cyrus is now one of the oldest marines in the entire Chapter after the near destruction of it during the Civil War of 749.M41. His deeds are legend, though more of the whispered kind than the boasts of others. This is due to his unusual political and social status in the Chapter. Highly unorthodox, whispers of impiety and worse drove him to prove himself by serving in the Deathwatch for nearly two centuries where his eccentricities were welcomed and fully embraced.<br/>
<br/>
It was only after the battle of Victoria Primus that he ended his tour of duty, returning to his former company which had come under the command of Captain Indrick Boreale. After decades of resistance to his knowledge and expertise, Cyrus finally requested to serve under Captain Davian Thule. Thule was quickly convinced and soon began to implement many of Cyrus's tactics as a matter of course. Fighting alongside Thule in the Dark Crusade of Kronus solidified their eternal bonds of friendship and brotherhood.<br/>
<br/>
More recently, he fought in all three of the Aurelian Crusades, and highly protested the banishment of Force Commander Aramus at the conclusion of the Second. His attachment to his scouts, which has slowly grown to encompass all scouts of the Chapter, is second to none, as is his fury at the now dead Boreale for sacrificing so many as he did in the lamented Kaurava Campaign. This is due to the fact that Cyrus was and still is the premier teacher amongst the Blood Ravens, having participated in the training of Aspirants, Neophytes, and Scout Marines since his return from the Death Watch about a century ago even when he was part of different Companies.<br/>
<br/>
In <b>997.M41</b> he was advanced to Captain of the 10th Company and Master of Recruits.<br/>
<br/>
<u>5th Company's Brother-Captain Tarkus Varianus</u><br/>
One of the eldest Blood Ravens alive, Sergeant Tarkus has many centuries of experience. A native of Calderis, he was once second in command to Captain Davian Thule himself, under who's command he gained the reputation of a legendary steely demeanour and confidence in the face of overwhelming odds, as well as being a trustworthy and wise advisor. During the Dark Crusade, Tarkus especially distinguished himself twice, once against the Tau, then against the Necrons. In the former, he faced down a charging Knarloc and Crisis Suit Team simultaneously while holding down a recently established FOB as the Blood Ravens pushed into the city of Asharis (renamed Or'es Tash'n by the Tau). In the second, he willingly sacrificed his left hand and forearm to destroy a Tomb Spyder with a grenade while the detonator to collapse the Thur'Abis Plateau was still being armed in the most critical moment of the battle. It was the latter that gained him Terminator Honors. Later on, he would serve under the infamous Force Commander Aramus during the first two Aurelian Crusades, and there acted ably as a stalwart defender of the Chapter against WAAAAGH! Bonesmasha, an Eldar Warhost led by the Farseer Idranel, and a Hive Fleet of Tyranids. He would personally execute the witch Idranel at the conclusion of the Battle of Angel Forge.<br/>
<br/>
Yet, during the course of the Second Aurelian Crusade, matters took a turn for the worse. While he faithfully served Force Commander Aramus, he increasingly questioned matters as the crusade progressed. The shattering of Angel Gate, the desecration of Daedus' Tomb on Typhon, these were all supposedly practical measures. But the slaughter of a great many Blood Ravens on Calderis when confronting the unwitting Diomedes was one of the most despicable things done, even in the name of the Chapter and the greater good. When Sergeant Avitus, a close ally and friend, was revealed as the traitor amongst the Heroes of Typhon, it was Tarkus who slew him. In the end, with Ulkair defeated, Tarkus was judged pure enough to remain within the Chapter, unlike Aramus, who Tarkus reluctantly spoke against for his actions. Yet, feeling that he had grievously failed the Blood Ravens by not sensing the corruption within Avitus and all else done during the crusade, he donned the helm of the Ancient and took a Vow of Silence as penitence, only breaking it when Captain Diomedes was shattered by the revelation of Kyras's heresy during the Third Aurelian Crusade. Well known and greatly respected amongst the Chapter if not extensively liked on a personal level, he is especially noted for a hatred of Eldar after being tricked and betrayed by them when he was convinced to work with them against a group of orks - losing a number of battle brothers in the process.<br/>
<br/>
In <b>999.M41</b> he was advanced to Captain of the 5th Company, also known as The Fated Company.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Forge Master Martellus Ravias</u><br/>
Martellus Ravias was previously an largely unremarkable Senior Techmarine of the Blood Ravens. He had, of course, served for centuries, and had battled xenos and traitor alike across the galaxy as a part of his secondment to various companies of the Chapter. But, as a techmarine, he spent a considerable amount of his time in the forges, building and maintaining equipment for his brothers. All this changed, however, upon his assignment to the command of Force Commander Aramus. Thrust into battle against a massive Splinter Fleet, his true legend began when under a truly tremendous weight of anti-air fire from the tyranids in the final battle of the First Aurelian Crusade his Thunderhawk was struck low on Typhon Primaris. Presumed dead, Martellus in fact lived to crawl away from the crash and discovered he was trapped deep within the jungle filled to the brim with newly feral tyranids and orks. Half dead, almost all equipment shattered beyond repair, he refused to die. Instead, he dragged himself to a powerful Astronomic Array, a device that Commander Aramus had made great use of during the First Aurelian Crusade. Once there, he repaired the device and what of his own equipment he could over the course of a long year while under constant attack, and was subsequently rescued. Following such, he would participate valiantly in the Third Aurelian Crusade. One of the few remaining Techmarines after the Blood Raven Civil War, he was the most senior and most skilled, and as such was made the Master of the Forge.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
Formerly of the 3rd Company is a good man, having served as a subordinate of the lamented Jonah Orion for over a century and had what may be considered the luck to not be travelling with the majority of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company against the Tyranid Hive Mind during the First Aurelian Crusade. As it is, Jonah was a tremendously powerful force on the direct and psychic combat who passed many of his teachings down to Justinius. Still, the man is no carbon copy of his instructor and has focused many of his energies on parsing the future and piercing the fog of war from across the battlefield, a traditional Blood Raven Librarian discipline but one he has refined. As a result his skills are far more suited for ranged battle, not close pitched warfare. In terms of personality, he is an incredibly calm marine, and it was whispered amongst the initiates and scouts that his near unflappable nature is due to him having perceived his own death and thus becoming practically fearless as a result.<br/>
<br/>
In <b>997.M41</b> he was advanced from Epistolary of the 3rd Company to Chief Librarian. Since then he has overseen a careful rebuilding of Librarius.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun</u><br/>
In those dark times when you were unsure just who you could trust in the Chapter while Kyras was its Master, Hannibal was there. A master orator and a deadly combatant, he has fought alongside you since Tartarus, and all the years afterwards. Then, he was but a student under Chaplain Mikelus, who was a good friend of yours and one well missed in the Chapter. Alas, Mikelus died on Kronus, seconded to Captain Davian Thule's command there - and is credited with the slaying of the Necron Lord there. Afterwards, Hannibal threw himself into his mentor's duties. His fiery rhetoric and piety kept the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company strong in those dark times when hope seemed so bleak, and he denied that you were possibly heretics for entertaining treachery against the traitor Kyras. One of the largest marines you’ve ever seen not just amongst the Blood Ravens but amongst any Space Marines in general, his bulk reflects his abilities to stalwartly wade through oceans of enemy fire while bellowing blessed hatred.<br/>
<br/>
In <b>997.M41</b> he was advanced to Master of Sanctity, and set about rebuilding the Chaplaincy of the Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Master of the Apothecarion Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
An extremely young marine at the time of his promotion to Master of the Apothecarion, though skilled at his craft. Recruited from Calderis, he is one of the few parts of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company who did <i>not</i> go with Aramus on his Penitent Crusade. As it is, he is one of those who worked alongside the honored Brother Gordion on the bio-toxin used against the Hive Mind in the First Aurelian Crusade, and has spent much of his time doing similar work. While not precisely skilled when it comes to combat like some might expect of a Space Marine, he is a startlingly good researcher with an intimate knowledge of not just the human and marine body but of xenos as well. He may not be as potent on the battlefield as some would prefer, but based on the reports when it comes to sheer medical ability he outstrips all other candidates. As of late he has begun growing a reputation for being one of the most fearsome dangers that a Blood Raven may face should they find themselves on his tables more often than absolutely necessary by his own reckoning.  [+Intelligent, Savant of Medicine]<br/>
<br/>
In <b>998.M41</b> he was advanced to Master of the Apothecarion<br/>
<br/>
<u>Honor Guard's Brother-Captain Jordis Mencis</u><br/>
Formerly a 2nd Company Assault Sergeant, Brother Jordis displayed skilled leadership and exemplary combat capabilities that ensured that his squad achieved the maximum possible result with the greatest possible efficiency. The bonds of brotherhood he forged with his old squad in the 2nd Company squad are amongst the most close-knit in the entire Chapter. Most recently, he showed great valor and skill during combat against the Suysh, managing to be credited with one solo Suysh Queen kill by weathering the alien’s fury at close range in order to slay it. Jordis has long proven himself a remarkably adept leader and superlative fighter. For all that he was a sergeant of a squad of Assault Marines, he maintained and maintains still a cool and disciplined demeanor both in and outside of battle. When not fighting, he worked tirelessly to improve the skills and coordination of his 2nd Company squad, to the point that even after a short time even new arrivals to his squad grew capable of coordination on the level of chapter veterans. This behavior has not ceased since his advancement to Captain of the Honor Guard. [+WS, +Guiding Hand of War, +Fellowship, +Toughness]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advanced to Honor Guard Captain in 075.M42</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>1st Company's Brother-Captain Marcus Crixus</u><br/>
An assault marine of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, and one of its few survivors after the Blood Raven Civil War. Curiously, however, instead of distinguishing himself for leaping into battle and splitting apart dozens or hundreds of enemies, he instead became known to the Chapter for helping organize and direct forces numerous times during the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Aurelian Crusade and the Blood Raven Civil War with greatly appreciated skill. Apollo speaks well of him, saying that while he and the rest of his immediate command squad would pursue objectives, oddly enough it would by Brother Crixus who would somehow end up being listened to about where squads and vehicles should go. His grasp of wider battlefield tactics is quite interesting. Despite his youth, he does appear at the least relatively skilled. [+Perception, Natural Tactician]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Was Promoted To Captain of the 1st Company in the last few years of M41</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>2nd Company's Brother-Captain Macharius Sicarius</u><br/>
A Devastator Sergeant of the 3rd, then 1st Company, now promoted to Captain of the 2nd. Out of all the marines in the Chapter he is likely the only one who could match Chapter Master Angelos in terms of bionics. This has actually somewhat aided him in his duties, his augmented strength and vision allowing him to wield heavy weaponry with accuracy and ease. He distinguished himself by facing down three Predator Tanks of the Traitors during the Third Aurelian Crusade alone while the rest of his squad died. Wrenching the dead hulk of the honorable Tomb-Brother Achillan about with his immense strength, he used his experience with heavy weaponry to reactivate the dreadnought’s connected multi-melta and obliterate the foe. Since then, he has distinguished himself as an unyielding warrior and stalwart leader for his fellows. Many times, it is his gruff frame which provides the rallying point, all the while he ensured death from afar found its target amongst the enemy. A constant, steady presence for the Chapter's leadership, something direly needed in a Chapter so near to the edge for so long. [+Ballistic Skill, +Strength, Unblinking Deathdealer, Stalwart Slayer]<br/>
<br/>
<u>3rd Company's Brother-Captain Hantu, Master of the Arsenal</u><br/>
Formerly a veteran sergeant of the 4th Company, Hantu is quietly known to be one of the 'Distant Brothers' who fought in the Aurelian Crusades. He was there, on Calderis, when his Brother-Captain in Davian Thule was slain, and had in fact served with Captain Thule since Kronus on. While he was not part of the detachment of Force Commander Aramus, he was amongst those Blood Ravens who fought to keep the tide back while Aramus' strike force focused on precise strategic strikes. It was not until more recently that he distinguished himself significantly above many other Blood Ravens. During the Helba Campaign, Hantu found himself proving not simply adept in battle in excess of many of his battle brothers but furthermore remarkably diplomatic. As the campaign went on, he found himself being tapped regularly for cooperative and coordinative measures between the Imperial Guard and the Sisters of Battle also fighting in the campaign. Captain Hantu is one of the last ever recruits from the world of Typhon, now lost to Exterminatus. Noted to possess a remarkable affinity for combined forces combat, he was even granted the honor of commanding certain battles during the Helba Campaign with Guardsmen and Sisters of Battle under his banner following his orders. Later, he was tapped to helm the revived 3rd Company, an auspicious task given that it was the former company of Chapter Master Angelos. (Legendary Fellowship: Within The Raven's Shadow, +W, +I)<br/>
<br/>
In<b> 075.M42</b> the 3rd Company was revived, and Brother Hantu was promoted to be its Captain.<br/>
<br/>
<u>4th Company's Brother-Captain Hadrian Priscus, <u>Master of the Fleet</u></u><br/>
A veteran sergeant of the 5th Company with quite a few accomplishments to his name. Visiting the 10th Company at the time of the Third Aurelian Crusade, the senior sergeant instead rallied not only the scouts there in slaying their traitor brethren, but directed the Company’s flagship into battle against the rest of the traitor fleet, boarding and reclaiming ships one at a time. It is at <i>his</i> hands that you have some ships at all, even if their conditions are less than preferable. If anyone was wondering why the Chapter Fleet was not more present during the Third Aurelian Crusade, here is the reason, the mad, mad reason who leapt from ship to ship again and again throughout the entire Crusade until victory was achieved. [+Intelligence, Void Craft Prodigy]<br/>
<br/>
In <b>998.M41</b> he was advanced to Master of the Fleet, but did not ascend to actual Captaincy of the 4th Company as would be typical due to the lack of an actual 4th Company to take control of.<br/>
<br/>
In <b>025.M42</b> the 4th Company was re-established, and Hadrian took command of the Company that had always been meant for him.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Force Commander (Disgraced) Aramus Valorun [<s>4th Company</s>] <b>On Penitent Crusade</b></u><br/>
One of the most famed yet controversial members of the Blood Ravens in living memory, Aramus Valorun's rise from Sergeant to Force Commander has retroactively been forever tainted by the reveal that his promotion was heavily influenced by the traitorous, corrupted, and heretical Azariah Kyras, former Chapter Master and Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens. Recruited as an initiate from the planet Typhon Primaris, Aramus quickly displayed exceptional abilities as both a warrior and tactician, abilities that were only further displayed when he was promoted to a battle brother of the 4th Company. Participating in numerous campaigns with valor, Aramus was originally assumed by many to have risen to prominence when as a sergeant he gathered together the remnants of three different squads and led them in a daring artillery raid during the Hadrian campaign and returned with zero casualties. Shortly afterwards promoted to Force Commander - barely past a century old making him the youngest ever promoted to such a position - by the order of Kyras, Aramus would go on to successfully defend Subsector Aurelia during the first two Aurelian Crusades. In the first Aurelian Crusade, he would accomplish many staggeringly improbable tasks. With only a bare handful of space marines at his side, he would end a powerful greenskin WAAAAAGH!, personally slaying Warboss Bonesmasha and a number of chieftains across multiple worlds. He would go on to defend Angel Forge on Meridian, aid in the slaying of the eldar witch Idranel, and went on to bring down an Avatar of Khaine - and would do so again during the Second Aurelian Crusade - and stymied the efforts of an Eldar Warhost across three worlds. He reclaimed shrines and manufactorums, and protected ancient archaeotech creations. Against the tyranids, he would lead his small band of Blood Ravens and successfully hold back their invasion before breaking them at the Battle of Typhon with powerful bio-weapons crafted at Angel Forge. Some of the greatest exemplars and abominations from three xenos races fell before his hammer and the weaponry of his forces alike, all within less than a hundred days.<br/>
<br/>
Yet then he faltered.<br/>
<br/>
Some say that it was due to the fact that he was promoted too quickly, raised up without the proper seasoning and experience required to weather the insidious nature. Others say that his victories in the first Aurelian Crusade made him too prideful, blind to the danger. Others whisper that it was only the blatant corruption of Kyras and others that made those who even stumbled upon the edge worthy of punishment and suspicion. None can say for certain, now. What is known, however, is that the return of Eliphas the Inheritor, long-time foe of the Chapter, and Araghast the Pillager, a monstrous Chaos Lord of the Black Legion, spelled the end of Aramus' ascension within the Chapter. Over the course of the second Aurelian Crusade, he would undertake many questionable actions. He broke Angel's Gate to more quickly reach the enemy, he willingly broke open the tomb of an honored fallen brother on Typhon for the wargear within, utilized tainted wargear looted from the enemy, and worst of all, led his forces into direct conflict with members of the Blood Ravens Honor Guard and 1st Company under Apollo Diomedes. Some, likely, were corrupted. But many were not, and so the killing of loyal Blood Ravens - even with the killing of Galan - was almost inexcusable. Failing to stop the corruption of Avitus, another Blood Raven recruited from Typhon, was only one more failure. In the end, even after landing the final blow on Ulkair, it was deemed that Aramus had nearly fallen too far to countenance, yet would be granted the chance of redemption by way of Penitent Crusade by way of the Eye of Terror. He would be followed by a number of his battle brothers who fought alongside him, but not all. Some, such as the Librarian Jonah Orion, Sergeant Tarkus, Sergeant Cyrus, and Captain Davian Thule, would remain, being judged pure. Others, such as Thaddeus Rex, would willingly join him even without being ordered to do so. Even judged as quite possibly the best individual combatant in the whole chapter, possibly only contested by Apollo Diomedes, he was sent away.<br/>
<br/>
Since then, he has been sighted fighting in the 13th Black Crusade in multiple theaters.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Veteran Assault Sergeant (Disgraced) Thaddeus Rex <s>[4th Company</s>] <b>On Penitent Crusade</b></u><br/>
When he was recruited, Thaddeus was the first initiate to come from Meridian in over seven centuries, the planet in the past having long ceased at providing any viable initiates at all for so long that the Blood Ravens had even ceased to look. However, all that changed during one of the city's many riots under Governor Vandis. At one point, the riots had grown so fierce as to involve the Blood Ravens, and it was there that Captain Davian Thule sighted young Thaddeus holding of crowds of rioters to protect common Imperial citizenry, having become a member of an Underhive Gang out of sheer grit, skill, and luck despite his youth. He was promptly recruited after the disturbance ended and passed through the Blood Trials with remarkable ease, Davian Thule acting as a warmly regarded mentor throughout the process. In time he would quickly find that his true skill and purpose lay as an Assault Marine of the 4th Company under Captain Thule. He would be promoted to Sergeant shortly before the first Aurelian Crusade after only 80 years as a Blood Raven. He would later become known as a startlingly idealistic leader, brash and bold in battle, regularly contributing his squad to battling the greenskins of Typhon Primaris and Calderis.<br/>
<br/>
It was during the Aurelian Crusades, however, where he truly came to prominence under Force Commander Aramus. In said fighting, then-young Thaddeus would contend with the tyranids and many of their most hideous bio-forms, aiding in the slaughter of numerous ork chieftains and the death of Warboss Bonesmasha. It was during the Aurelian Crusades that Thaddeus battled the Eldar for the first time, combating and defeating numerous Eldar warlocks and war machines amidst their own masses of troops. The sheer quantity and variety of foes fought throughout the first of the Aurelian Crusades meant that it was a matter of course that Thaddeus would distinguish himself again and again, to the point that he was nominated for Terminator Honors, a great honor especially for one so young. The inciting battle which granted him thus was fought on Calderis, where he and his squad would face three powerful tyranid carnifex beasts in succession in the defense of an Imperial shrine to the Emperor while the rest of the strike force fought off zoanthropes and hordes of gaunts attacking from another direction. Other major accomplishments include the slaying of a duo of Hive Tyrants on Calderis and Typhon within the same day, defeating an Eldar Wraithlord with a single power axe while the rest of the strike force was occupied, and tallying over a hundred shattered tanks of Eldar and ork varieties with melta bombs over the course of the First Aurelian Crusade. He would prove to possess a strong belief in defending the citizens of the Imperium, his idealism quite at odds with others amongst the strike force time again save for in Force Commander Aramus.<br/>
<br/>
During the second Aurelian Crusade, however, he would prove too willing to follow Force Commander Aramus into near-damnation, utilizing tainted wargear in battle far more than any others while almost never questioning the darker acts performed therein. Even so, it was most clearly the fault of Aramus, leading his troops into corruption, who would bear the brunt of the punishment. None others needed go. Yet, after a short and private meeting with the entombed Davian Thule, Thaddeus would immediately request to accompany Aramus on his Penitent Crusade, as would a small number of other marines of the 4th Company.<br/>
<br/>
Since then, he has been sighted fighting in the 13th Black Crusade alongside Aramus at a variety of locations.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Sergeants/Champions/Etc. </u><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">3rd Company ChampionAmicus Antal</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">A tragic tale. Five times, has his entire squad been wiped out with him as the sole survivor. Five times, by five distinct major foes of the Imperium, has he nearly been slain. The first was from an ork force that outnumbered his squad 20-1. The second, from a blasted Eldar strike force. The third, the tau during the Vorga campaign. The fourth time came from tyranids while fighting against the Hive Tyrant during the last battle of the First Aurelian Crusade. The fifth, from traitors…his own squad, turned against him and towards Chaos. No sergeant should have lost what he has, much less be forced to fight and kill his entire own squad as they attempted to slay him. His sheer fortitude keeps him going physically, and regular meetings with your Master of Sanctity for many years has ensured his spiritual and mental strength remaining stalwart and strong. He has, as of 075.M42, been elevated from the 1st Company to Company Champion of the 3rd Company. [+Toughness, Last Man Standing)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">1st Company Terminator Sergeant Stromahn</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Any member of the 1st Company is one of the greatest veterans of the chapter, and Sergeant Stromahn is no different. A terminator under Chapter Master Angelos as far back as Tartarus, Stromahn has proven himself again and again. He has stood against the tide again and again to preserve the lives of his brothers, striking the foe with unrelenting fury while trusting in the artifice of his terminator armor to preserve him. The amount of glories he has won, and the sheer effort he puts into advising his brethren in battle and outside of it marks him as a solid foundation for younger brothers to seek out guidance from. [+Elder Veteran, +Guiding Heart]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">10th Company Veteran Sergeant Kaius Jacobus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">One of the immediately promoted members of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to complete battle brother. Cyrus has indicated that out of his many students that Jacobus is one of the few to actually satisfy him when it comes to stealth, something few ever truly manage to master. He distinguished himself during the Second Aurelian Crusade against the damned Eliphas the Inheritor as one of those scouts who never even received an injury during the dangerous moments when the forces of Chaos had managed to isolate a large number of Scouts on Calderis. Mostly because they could never find or hit him while he popped in and out of stealth with a combat shotgun, flamer, and sniper rifle strapped all about him in ramshackle webbing that he nonetheless used quite skillfully. [+Agility, Shadow Hunter]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">1st Company Champion Hamul</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">One of the youngest marines to ever be promoted to the 1st Company, and a former sergeant of the 2nd Company, Hamul is an aggressive marine who never truly gave up his preference for close combat as an assault marine. A close devotee to Chapter Master Kyras, he was struck terribly by the knowledge of his master's heresy, and so plunged himself into the most deadly of combats against the incredibly dangerous necron for some sort of redemption during his stint in the Deathwatch. His experience and skill eventually advanced him to Kill Team Leader amongst the Deathwatch, at a remarkably fast pace. His energy and passion is remarkable, likened to by those where he cannot hear them as similar to much more aggressive Chapters such as the Flesh Tearers - though with a perhaps stronger core of discipline and restraint. [+WS, Aggressive Slayer]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">2nd Company Champion Obasi</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">A former Assault Marine Sergeant that led by martially excellent example, Brother Obasi exemplified this in the battles against the Suysh, as one of the best swordsmen in the entire Chapter he is credited with slaying two Queens and their Royal Guard with nothing but a chainsword. After proving himself an able leader and fighter, a series of duels were fought out amongst the entire 2nd Company at the behest of Captain Macharius who sought to find the absolute best fighter of his subordinate brethren. Brother Obasi won out, even against the Captain himself in the final duel, and as such was awarded the position of Company Champion. Still beholden to his former status, Obasi elects to continue bearing his jump pack, making his efforts as Champion particularly violent and sudden as he leaps forward on wings of fire. [+WS , Exemplar]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Veteran Scout Sergeant Persean</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">One of the greater unseen veterans of the chapter, Sergeant Persean was a mere tactical marine under Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos when he was a mere Captain of the 3rd Company. He fought alongside the Captain for many decades, and was present on Tartarus to witness Isador's heresy and the condemnation of the world. He was a stalwart combatant against the Tau as well. In every major campaign the Captain had fought in as master of the 3rd, Persean was there, until his commander's ascension to Chapter Master and the Civil War. He found, in the end, his place amongst the scouts, something he took to with surprising gusto and ability, becoming a dangerously effective scout leader. He is dedicated to preserving the chapter's legacy through its gene-seed, while being sometimes even more taciturn and stoic than even Captain Cyrus. [Murderous Guardian/Silent Dervish]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">4th Company Champion Trexus Nubius</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Trexus Nubius is a marine whose loyalty has never been questionable since his induction as an initiate. He stood alongside his Chapter Master when Gabriel Angelos was but the Captain of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company. There, he fought in the crucible that was Tartarus, though many battlefields before and after found his boots marching across them. He fought alongside his Captain for over two centuries, up until the Aurelian Crusades, where he partook in the event known as Gabriel’s Miracle, the fight against the daemon Ulkair and its minions, and yet still on against Kyras himself. Now, he stands with the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, an unflinching champion marching forth in the name of the Chapter. While he may not possess the lightning speed of other astartes, his strength and skill are near unmatched amongst the Blood Ravens. (+S, +WS, Stoic Champion)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">5th Company Champion Trogus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Identified during the Hunt for Vandis for successfully keeping his entire squad alive throughout the fighting, whereas every other sergeant was either killed or lost members of their squad, despite repeatedly taking on spear-tip position alongside or occasionally outright replacing the marines of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company if required. A true protégé of Captain Tarkus, Sergeant Trogus possesses an equally stoic and taciturn temperament mixed with significant if tempered aggression in battle. A true warrior, a true leader. (+F, +W, Bedrock of Battle)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">2nd Company Veteran Nicholas</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">A Meridian High Spire-sourced assault marine who bears all the aggressive tendencies of Captain Hadrian Priscus, Veteran Nicholas repeatedly distinguished himself in the campaign for accomplishing the highest number of high-value target kills through individual combat, exceeding even Force Commander Cyrus. Slaying Hive Tyrants in their nests, ambushing Lictors as they skulked through the battlefield, and cutting down Zoanthropes before they could fully unleash their might, Veteran Nicholas bears a considerable amount of skill, outperforming all others in the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company at the time of this notation. (+WS, +P)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">4th Company Veteran Sergeant Gelon</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Due to the rapid pace of the campaign, Sergeant Gelon found himself and his squad often made do with only basic equipment, himself wielding only a bolt pistol and chainsword for the majority of the conflict. However, this did not prevent Sergeant Gelon from leading several rescue missions for Blood Raven positions as well as that of their allies, at one point preventing advancing fronts from collapsing on ten different occasions in a single month during a crucial phase. Provided invaluable support and guidance to younger scouts and neophytes during the campaign as well. Became targeted by the Hive Mind for assassination, survived all twelve attempts. (+F, +W)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<u>Specialists</u><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Techmarine Daedal</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Part of a pair of techmarines recruited out of the now lost Typhon Primaris, the Techmarine Daedal showed a high aptitude for vehicle technology from the start. As it turned out, the animistic shamanic traditions upon his recruiting world translated strongly into communing with the Machine Spirits of humanity's technology. One of the survivors of the Purge, Daedal is characterized as a slightly reckless techmarine when the machines of the chapter are threatened, as well as when it comes to his piloting of Thunderhawks. The latter is said to be because of his unshakable faith in the machine spirits, but most marines simply appreciate how quickly he can deliver troops to the battle. Also notable is his close friendship with the Techmarine Calus, despite both being from two different tribes who were genocidally opposed to the existence of the other. [Machine Spirit Speaker, +Intelligence]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Techmarine Calus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Part of a pair of techmarines recruited out of the now lost Typhon Primaris, the Techmarine Calus has shown a high propensity for more exotic technologies. It so happened that the tribe he was recruited from was the most technologically advanced on their world, and despite leaving them behind more than a century ago he retains their tendency for seeking out the highest possible limits for the arsenal of his brothers. One of the survivors of the Purge, Calus personally slew a full thirty traitor Blood Ravens with a supercharged multi-melta and lascannon alone, trusting in the machine spirits of his lovingly treated wargear. He is known to be somewhat unflappable compared to his more volatile compatriot Daedal, and happens to be the most highly skilled Thunderhawk Gunship pilots in the Chapter, often electing to guard over his brothers from the skies when allowed. [Adepta Exotica, +Intelligence]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">1st Company Chaplain Ares Actus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">A veteran Sergeant of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span>, now 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, who led many a guard action during Chapter Master Angelos's campaigns when he was Captain of the 3rd. He has held the line again and again while others deep strike into enemy territory, and on those few occasions where retreat was necessary he was there, all the while. Not the most skilled, but perhaps one of the most stalwart, he has been struck again and again but never fallen, all the while calling out for his brothers to go to greater lengths to fight and kill in the name of the Emperor with holy zeal. He was accepted for Chaplaincy training under Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun in 998.M41. Became a Chaplain in <b>003.M42</b> [+Fellowship, Fiery Demagogue]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> Techmarine Quarius Zergan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">One of the youngest marines in the Chapter to have achieved the rank of sergeant in the history of the Blood Ravens. Nonetheless, besides his youth the sheer amount of battles and campaigns he has fought alongside you have made him worthy enough of his title. What truly interests you however, or rather, Martellus, was his potentially heretical habit of tinkering with his own weapons to squeeze out just a bit more efficiency or death dealing capabilities. After speaking to Martellus however and being informed of just how close he was coming to death, he ceased immediately. That does not mean he could not begin again, if properly instructed of course. After further testing he was sent to Mars for true Techmarine training. In 028.M42 he returned from Mars, brimming with new knowledge. He is, however, happy to be home amongst the Chapter once more. The sheer dogma of Mars was daunting to one such as him, apparently.  [+Intelligence, Tinkering Talent] <b>Returned From Mars In 028.M42</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">1st Company Apothecary Constantius Romallius</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">A 3rd Company then 1st Company veteran who was present on Tartarus and almost all the other battlefields beyond. There is not much to outwardly differentiate himself from the rest of the Chapter, though after getting to know the man you can proudly call yourself amongst the handful of individuals who know that he carries a strange fondness for puns and laughter, a rarity amongst the more usually taciturn versions of his kind. Also included in that is his affection for ranged weapons – an unusual habit for an Apothecary – and can often be found wielding a flamer or dual wielding bolt pistols instead of a more customary chain sword. This is not to say he is defenseless in melee combat, but he personally prefers to kill his enemies from afar so that they do not get close enough to disturb him while he operates at all. Some might question his more unorthodox methods, but you have long accepted them as part of who he is. [Ranged Inclination, Vaguely Unorthodox Methods]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">10th Company Apothecary Marius Astophiles</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">The Apothecary of 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. Brother Astophiles has overseen the recruitment, implantation, and growth of over a century and a half’s worth of Blood Ravens – though he felt great shame for not realizing the corruption of his Company from within under Kyras’s influence. Few can blame him for this, as any attempts to do so must be acknowledged that <i>none</i> discovered the traitor’s treachery until it was almost too late. His brusque nature melds together with his status as one of the most puritanical members of the entire Chapter, outright refusing to do some things that might go against tradition or the Emperor without a Chaplain and Librarian’s explicit approval. On the other hand, is he were not an apothecary he would most certainly have become an Assault Terminator of the First Company, given his combat skills and the fact that in a unique circumstance as a more standard battle brother that he did in fact manage to make Terminator Honors before being selected for his position. [+Weapon Skill, Highly Orthodox]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Techmarine Janos</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Techmarine Janos proved himself willing to battle the technologies of the alien Suysh without hesitation, trusting in his skill and the Omnissiah to bring him to victory. During the Suysh campaign, he quickly and often chose to participate openly in battle, all the better to service the vehicles and wargear of his brothers even while under fire. His stoicism is already a growing legend, the steel in his spine quite possibly Omnissiah-given. [+Combat Engineer, +Willpower]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Apothecary Talm</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Brother Talm seems almost upset at being as skilled and capable an apothecary that he is, though he has spoken to none other than the Chaplains about such things, if he does at all. He excises this discontent in the most appreciable of means: slaying the enemies of the Emperor whenever possible with a shotgun or plasma pistol while standing over the bodies of his brothers. It has been noted, more than once, that he was destined to be an exemplary devastator marine before being selected as an apothecary. [+Violent Protector, +Ballistic Skill]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Honor Guard Apothecary Ikai</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">During the battles against the Suysh, on those few occasions where Blood Ravens fell, Brother Ikai was the one who led the charge to retrieve them. Inevitably, his white armor was covered from head to toe in alien gore by the end of it, all to preserve the precious progenoid glands of his brothers. Though bereft of a jump pack, as skilled with the chainsword and as brash as he is, it is unsurprising that he was expected to be a superb assault marine before taken into the ranks of the apothecaries. As of 075.M42, he was elected to be join the Honor Guard as its Apothecary.  [+Assault Apothecary, +Weapon Skill]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Chaplain Alastair</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Much to the consternation of the Master of the Apothecarion, Chaplain Alistair has readily followed the example of Hannibal Palrun, Master of Sanctity of the Blood Ravens. Alistair has proven a ready member of the Fist of Faith formation, utterly willing to weather the storm of enemy fire with nothing more than his body, and a violent inspiration to his brethren. All of which was done without a rosarius. Even so, his durability is matched perhaps only by the Master of Sanctity himself, with Chaplain Alastair also shielding the wounded with his own body. His battlefield sermons on fury and hatred are held up as examples even amongst his fellow Chaplains, his skill with a crozius and pistol undeniable. [+Toughness, +Thunderous Orator]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">3rd Company Chaplain Galloss</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Chaplain Galloss is an eccentric, even amongst the Chaplains, for his incredible quiet outside of battle. In the flames of war, he is just as bombastic and exulting as his fellows, but outside of it he rarely speaks much at all, leaving sermons for his brothers. Even so, his nature has allowed him to be remarkably capable of pinpointing chinks in the spiritual and mental armor of his brethren, speaking to them and buoying their faith and will in the aftermath of battle. By the time Chaplain Galloss has finished counseling any one marine, they are all the stronger for it, their souls tempered and salved with his aid. As of 075.M42, he was named as the Chaplain for the 3rd Company. [+Fellowship, +War Counselor]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Honor Guard Chaplain Tasanor</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">It has been remarked amongst the Chaplaincy that Brother Tasanor would have been a Company Champion were it not for his position. He has displayed incredible combat ability, even amongst fellow Astartes, and formed a highly effective part of the first Fist of Faith formation during the Suysh campaign. Though he wields a crozius, as is befitting his position, he also carries a multitude of other weapons depending on the enemy he is facing at the time. Displaying a remarkable flexibility in mentality for a chaplain, he encourages the same in his fellows when attached to squads, leading them to victory again and again. As of 075.M42 he was elevated to Chaplain of the Honor Guard. [+Encyclopedia of Violence, +Heroic Challenger]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Chaplain Sardus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Became especially notable after surviving a thunderhawk transporter crash behind enemy lines caused by tyranid flying bio-forms during the Helba campaign. Dragged other Blood Ravens forced into suspended animation for survival to safety, proceeded to hold out against non-stop tyranid attacks for three days straight until rescued after having run out of ammo on the second. A true student of Hannibal Palrun, the Master of Sanctity, tireless in energy and unfaltering in battle to the extreme. (+T, +W)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">5th Company Chaplain Bellero</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Slew a tyranid bio-titan after surviving getting stepped on by the beast directly into a highly acidic reclamation pool, Brother Bellero's armor and entire first layer of skin was gone from him even as he climbed and beat the bio-titan to death about the head with his half-broken crozius. Collapsed into suspended animation afterwards, but later returned to battle after healed. Became most proficient at targeting the larger bio-forms of the tyranids despite being largely on foot and began to lead others to do the same as the fighting intensified. Distinguished himself a dozen times over and received commendations of appreciation from both Imperial Guard forces and the Order of the Lost Rosetta as a result. (+S, +T, +F)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">3rd Company Apothecary Aratos</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Headed and protected field hospitals set up to support the advances on multiple different worlds, not merely from tyranid swarms but from various Lictors as well. Swiftly became known amongst the Imperial Guard and Sisters of Battle for taking in patients from their own medical camps when capacity was exceeded. Provided expert healing and is personally responsible for saving the lives of the Canoness Preceptors Lanati Kahele and Elizabeth Drake of the Lost Rosetta after both were nearly killed by tyranids. Protects his patients with remarkable ferocity, whether by chainsword or heavy bolter. As of 075.M42 he was named as the Apothecary of the 3rd Company. (+I, +F)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<u>Librarians</u><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Honor Guard Epistolary Rasmus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Though he is obviously capable, Rasmus does not often wield the most visible psychic powers known to the Chapter. Rather, he has proven himself to be a master with the unseen. Skilled at piercing the veil to analyze possible futures, tracking the enemy, communicating with fellow Librarians at great distances, Rasmus is no easy foe in combat either. He has proven adept at shattering the minds and shackling the nervous systems of his enemies, or utilizing technomancy to ruin their weapons and armor to allow his brothers to kill with impunity. Brother Rasmus has proven his abilities time and again. [+ Deadly Telepath, +Esoteric Master]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">1st Company Epistolary Lucan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">As a Codicier, Epistolary Lucan unearthed rare and powerful knowledge hidden within the Librarius of the Litany of Fury, left behind by the Librarian Jonah Orion before the fateful battle against Kyras began on the planet Cyrene. He dedicated many years to studying and mastering this knowledge before fully unleashing it in the Suysh campaign. Though not particularly skilled in visibly impressive abilities, Epistolary Lucan is a master at enhancing his brethren, greatly empowering their strength and psychically accelerating their very bodies until the squads he was attached to became little more than blurs amongst the enemy. Should they take wounds, he has proven quite the capable healer as well, albeit with the powers of his mind rather than the tools of the Apothecary, a legacy of Jonah Orion’s lessons. [+Psychic Booster, +Support Specialist, +Master Biomancer]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">2nd Company Epistolary Flekton</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Though he is quite a capable Librarian, learned and powerful as befitting an Epistolary of the Blood Ravens, Brother Flekton has proven a true master of defensive psychic abilities, crafting powerful domes and barriers of pure thought that have withstood the most powerful weapons of tyranids, tau, greenskins, Suysh, and more. His wards also protect his brothers from intrusion into their minds and souls, and for those incredibly rare times that something bypasses his defenses he can quickly set about mending flesh with nothing more than his purifying will as the notable Librarian Jonah Orion once could. While providing and fortifying his barriers he is an able shot with pistol or psychic blast. [+Barrier Lord, +Support Specialist]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">4th Company Epistolary Nero Achillian</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Epistolary Nero Achillian ascended to Codicier from a lowly Lexicani during a scrying ritual upon the world of Trontiux II. Yet he and the Epistolary guiding the ritual found themselves nearly slain by psychic backlash from the brutish might of a cabal of greenskin psykers. In fact, his eyes erupted in their sockets. Yet for some reason despite the loss of his physical eyes his ability to pierce the veil of the warp is undiminished and if anything magnified in sophistry and accuracy allowing him to exercise his powers from great distances. Blind he may be, but there is a steady power in him. He now bears bionic replacements for what he has lost. During extensive studies over the anti-daemon effects of multiple Avatar of Khaine corpses, he learned that he possesses a skill in that arena as well. [+Perception, Far Seer, Daemonologist]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">5th Company Epistolary Damion Tyrin</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Chosen by Kyras for his extreme hatred of Chaos, more likely than not, for the Ghoul Stars Explorator expedition so that he did not interfere in the traitor's machinations. A master of biomancy, he relishes in burning the foe and blasting out lightning towards the enemy while enhancing and preserving his brethren, skills for which he was valued highly during the expedition. He bears some of the more rare relics of the Librarium, having left before the Purges could occur. [+Willpower, Lord of Lightning]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">10th Company Epistolary Trajan Maphar</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Trajan is one of the few Librarians to survive the civil war, the reason being that he was simply distant from much of the chapter beforehand, and that his talents lay not nearly as much in the powers of fire or lightning, nor healing or piercing the veil of reality, but in telepathy. It was this which forewarned him of the intent of the heretic Blood Ravens and saved his life. His abilities are now used to ensure the mental purity of the scouts and other marines, ever watchful for the slightest hint of issue that went missed before the civil war. He is, nevertheless, a Librarian who has reached the level of Epistolary and a Librarian of the Blood Ravens besides. His psychic power is not to be discounted. [+Fellowship, Major Telepath]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">3rd Company Epistolary Idmon</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Fighting within tight confines in the tunnels and caverns of the Suysh, Epistolary Idmon showed a true talent for geomancy and general telekinetic combat in excess of his other codicier level abilities. Whether literally throwing tanks or forming shields of stone and lightning, Idmon proved himself a deadly foe to the enemies of Mankind. He is credited with slaying a Suysh Queen by literally bringing the cavern down around it, manipulating hundreds of tons of rock into spikes that obliterated the foul alien and its Royal Guard at the same time. At other time, he formed new tunnels and entrances that allowed his brothers to move flank the enemy easily. Metal and stone bend and twist with ease before him, and he seems to see through them almost as well. As of 075.M42 he was named as the Epistolary of the 3rd Company. [+Geokiller, +Perception]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Codicier Aeneas</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Amongst his brother Librarians, Brother Aeneas has proven a duelist without peer. Such was his skill that the Librarius saw fit to release one of their most valuable relics, the blade of Azariah Moriah, thought lost. Furthermore, Brother Aeneas has proven an adept at teleporting through the warp into the bodies of his enemies, enhancing his own strength and speed to incredible levels. If his foes are at range, he can step through the veil to reach them. Even the Chief Librarian has voiced his acknowledgement of Brother Aeneas’ abilities, but at the same time Aeneas has not yet mastered some of the abilities required of an Epistolary. It is rumored that this is deliberate, so that Aeneas may be deployed wherever he can rather than being forced to be stationed in any single Company. [+Champion Duelist, +Teleport Specialist] <b>Entrusted with the Relic known as the Blade of the Martyr.</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<u>Fallen Notables</u><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Honor Guard Chaplain Uther</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">The 7th Company may by the Codex Astartes be a Reserve Company, yet that does not mean that it did not often go into battle such is the state of the galaxy. Leading with fire and faith, Chaplain Uther was struck painfully by the devastating casualties sustained by his Company during the Kaurava campaign, his fury at the slain Boreale for his failures, and at the ork Warlord Gorgutz who was responsible for killing five Companies of the Blood Ravens in one battle. In despair, he joined the Deathwatch to truly exercise his hatred upon the xenos of the galaxy, to cleanse himself in purifying death. Now he has returned, tempered and his soul resolute to aid the Chapter as best he can. [+WS, Tempered Hatred]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <b>KIA by Chaos Lord Mortirex of the Black Legion</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Honor Guard Apothecary Falkor Ryll</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Falkor has spent over three centuries fighting, killing, and healing. His hands have been drowned in the blood of a dozen and more xenos species, that of traitors and daemons as well, and throughout it all he has remained utterly stoic. His assignment towards the Ghouls Stars now ended, this unflappable and quiet apothecary has moved forward without hesitation to serve the chapter as best he can. [+Toughness, Chirurgeon]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><b>KIA by Chaos Lord Mortirex of the Black Legion</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">A elder veteran of the 5th Company, Doukas was selected by Kyras personally to lead his squad from the 5th Company as an escort alongside an Explorator Fleet heading towards the Ghoul Stars. This is due to the fact that Doukas has proven himself to be unshakably loyal to the Imperium and staunchly watchful for heresy, and is was noted more than once in the rolls of the specialist groups that it is a shame that he was not selected as a Chaplain. Quiet and stoic, he shows little pride or fury compared to the vast majority of his brethren. It is likely that Kyras expected Doukas and his brothers to die in the darkness, facing threats undreamed of. Instead, Doukas returned, hard-bitten and worn, but steady as well. He was granted a masterfully crafted power sword by Explorator Valens of Zerann for his service. [+Fellowship, +Weapon Skill, Weathered Guardian, Relentless Killer]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><b> KIA by Chaos Lord Mortirex of the Black Legion</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Brother Minos has fought for the Chapter and specifically Chapter Master Angelos for an extensive period of time, always willingly at the forefront either as an assault marine or as an assault terminator. As a part of the 3rd Company, Brother Minos fought the daemon Sindri Myr in person, withstood the ranged techno-sorcery of the Tau while facing a pack of krootox alone to allow his brothers to redeploy at the rear of the enemy formation, and survived the deadly battle of Aurelia that killed so many others. His close combat skills and flat refusal to fall no matter the injury until the battle is done has won many victories for the chapter. [+Elder Veteran, +Duels Like A Mountain]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <b>KIA by Chaos Lord Mortirex of the Black Legion</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">4th Company Tomb-Librarian Konan Barbariel</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Brother Konan was well known for being a calm, collected, and remarkably powerful psyker, even by the Chapter's standards. Indeed, were it not for the fact that he felt personally responsible for every Blood Raven loss during the 1st and 2nd Aurelian Crusades, it is likely that he may well have been elected Chief Librarian of the Chapter over Justinius Probalis. As it is, however, he did, and having fought to protect initiates, some of which died, proved the final straw, and as such the Epistolary volunteered to join the Penitent Crusade of Aramus. Grievously wounded, interred in a dreadnought, his second and final death would come after a great many deeds of remarkable heroism and strength, aiding not only his battle brothers, but the loyal servants of the Imperium as well. His sacrifice is now well-remembered, and already the Adeptas Sororitas who fought to defend the planet Xersia hail the fallen brother as a holy martyr in proving pivotal in the defeat of the Great Unclean One Pestilax the Despairer.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <b>KIA By Psychic Pyrocataclysmic Suicide In Banishing Greater Daemon of Nurgle On Cardinal World of Xersia In 13th Black Crusade </b></div>
  </body>
</html>