<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>050.M42 Interlude: A Tide Of Pain And Pleasure</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>050.M42 Interlude: A Tide Of Pain And Pleasure</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><i>GM NOTE: Just realized I never posted this. Welp, here's some retroactive content. </i><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>050.M42 Interlude: A Tide Of Pain And Pleasure</b>​</div><br/>
A black sun blazed with light, almost seeming to scream as it was dragged downwards into the infinite tide of flesh and emotion. Millions perished, an entire swathe of cityscape was burnt to ashes and beyond, before the sun itself began to flicker and die. Not through any natural means, but by those who followed no laws but their own. Once ripped from its celestial cradle, the burning half-light that it had emitted since its capture began to ripple and gutter out. A great and raucous laugh went up, audible to all, sparking terror and a thousand other unknowable emotions to flutter through even the most deadened of hearts. A swarm of daemons strong enough in number to overrun entire worlds appeared from thin air with nothing but the crackle of lightning to herald their arrival. Such was their gorging hunger, their gluttonous desire, that the sun itself and all the power it once held and still gave out was eaten away. Reality itself died as the daemons feasted, dark and unknowable things from the darkest depths of the immaterium itself.<br/>
<br/>
It was not the first of the <i>Ilmaea</i> to die, and it would not be the last. It’s capture array fell soon after, from where it had been used first to capture the dying orb in the long distant past and now used against the foe. Another section disappeared completely beneath the tide, its defenders screaming in terror as they were dragged back and away to horrific fates that even the most labyrinthine minds could not imagine. Some of the most malicious and terrible Haemonculi screamed with honest terror they had not felt for thousands of years as they were dragged beneath the tide. Stoic incubi who had fought since the birth of the Dark City itself died screaming to the delight of their killers. Hellions, who had once ruled those streets and great spires alike, darted ever higher and higher, no longer willing to even chance dipping low enough to be caught despite the roared commands of a hundred and more Archons.<br/>
<br/>
Another sub-realm burst, squeezed from all sides as a child’s delight in crushing insects, killing some and dooming more as the Warp throttled the untouched space within. An ocean rushed forth again and again, filling gaps and spaces that had been bereft of its touch for far too long. Slave and master alike died, as multiple cables connecting to the greater mass were taken and corrupted, those who had welcomed the new territory in the past now being taken away for their folly and ambition. A city the size of a realspace Craftworld which had in the past carefully swept back and forth within its own subrealm was abruptly surrounded by shoals of daemons and their masters, great sonic cannons formed out of entire dead species’ bones firing to bring it low into the waiting grasp of the warp.<br/>
<br/>
That too, might have been avoided, for none were as paranoid and focused on preparation for the oncoming death which attempted to grasp all as the masters of this place. But they had been betrayed from within, as once before, now again. In the past, Nurgle had managed to corrupt and sway a great many of the shadow-eaters, the monstrous half-life bearing mandrakes. They had been broken once, and perhaps some thought they might be broken again. Save that this time the new god they had sworn to had supported them greatly for their aid in breaking that barrier which had in the past prevented all of this and more. It showed on them already, the sharpening of their features, the appearance of mottling flesh which showed scintillating shades of shadow in a reversal of a kaleidoscope. They owned their own realm, now, it was said, a great and terrible section of the depths they had once been forced into now transformed into a gateway in and of itself to the realm of their kind. Kheradruakh ruled there, it was whispered, from a throne of darkness and flesh piled atop and melded with one another. In his chest was engraved the symbol of his new God, one he worshipped heartily. The corruption was welcomed in, and yet in turn he was no mere container to be devoured from within. He had become…<i>more</i>. The first and perhaps only of his kind to ascend, and yet he was still served by strange daemon-things which every day more mandrakes seemed to be becoming.<br/>
<br/>
A fourth of Commorragh, Vect could see from his dreadnought which hung at the ‘highest’ point remaining, was completely in the grasp of the warp. Vast portions of bone and steel were twisting even now, to the naked eye, into shapes and symbols that only emphasized the one who had come to take his due. Another sub-realm, he saw on one screen, blinked frantically more and more before finally winking out entirely. The vast web of knowledge and connections, marked by the most sophisticated of indicators that could be crafted, all of which had been needed to make a map in real time that only one such as he could possibly comprehend without going mad. He silently acknowledged the arrival of a new bevy of ships, one more Kabal, which had fallen to shocked stillness at the sight of the Dark City’s state, and ordered them forth. They would serve or die. By this point, he knew to his vast displeasure that at least part of it was motivated not by fear of <i>him</i>, but by the most simplistic of prides. How dare <i>any</i> infringe upon the eternal sovereignty of Commorragh? It was meant to be inviolate from everyone and every<i>thing</i>.<br/>
<br/>
Another two sub-realms began blinking in frequency, their codes and signals given meaning more than they knew. Without a sliver of mercy or hesitation in his heart, he swept a hand across the console, and consigned them to oblivion through yet another deliberately triggered the collapse of those places. For one, it worked, for the other, the minor dysjunction had already gone too far, and added its quaking ripples across he Webway to join with what was already going on in the depths of his city. He did not bother wasting the breath on cursing the infantile pride of the Kabal who had waited too long, and thus now had allowed another great burst of warp energies to be added to what was already present, heralded by another vast legion of daemons coming into being.<br/>
<br/>
Weapons to shatter solar systems, shatter <i>sectors</i>, had been unleashed without a care once the daemons had managed to force their way up through half of the Dark City, and yet they were replenished with ease. How could they not, when the greatest dysjunction to have ever been suffered was occurring? If was almost a daemonworld in concept, but more than that as well, the combined misery, pain, and delirious pleasures that had been felt and teased out with ever greater concentrations since the Fall itself long having soaked into the very foundations. The daemons <i>fed</i> on that, fed on the legacy of the eldar, as easily as they did upon the souls of the eldar. Even now, the shattered remains of lesser Kabal strongholds were being rebuilt as new bastions for their new masters.<br/>
<br/>
Then, then he felt it. Everyone could. Ten million slaves felt it, across all of the Dark City and its remaining sub-realms, some dying instantly, others screaming in fear, others for salvation. One who had first arrived, breaking through Khaine’s Gate from one side while traitorous mandrakes shattered the other, and then disappeared again into the morass heedless of any tactical sense in favor of pleasure seeking. And it had found it, in every iota, every minute section, every breath of puffed air which had become charged over millennia with combined pain and pleasure of truly inhuman heights. Yet now, its mercurial attentions shifted once more, and Vect grit his teeth hard enough to crack them as he felt its presence rise up and gather itself once more from where it had once dispersed.<br/>
<br/>
A vast serpent rose from the sea of warp and daemon, letting loose a shrill laugh from six thousand throats. Some had formed inside its very mouth, others in the air, others upon its great snaking length. Six great arms, pulsing with power and perfect musculature that had grown and looped in and on itself in a never-ending display of perfection given over to insane excess, flexed and twitched. Blades held in each flickered in shape, from one design to another, never staying the same for longer than a moment, each the most desirous of its kind to have ever been seen. A thousand of the most veteran incubi fell to their knees before it, and died in supplication, swept away with their souls devoured with happy glee. Others fought, and died just as well with just as much happiness on its twisting and flickering face.<br/>
<br/>
At its feet, attendant insects all, came a Legion unified. It was not the first to do so, no, for that had been the masterful acts of another who had done so, but it was no less horrifying to see. At their forefront, Lucius the Eternal danced amongst the blades who had up until that point never faced an equal. Telemachon Lyras, thought dead a dozen times over, had been found again leading a warband of mutants and what remained of his warband. Julius Kaesoron, a Daemon Prince himself, was nothing but a speck compared to the one he served with unrelenting delirium. All of them served, for glory in the eyes of their god but more importantly for the pleasures that had awaited them. Supping from the cask which the Dark Eldar had been maturing since the Fall was – for most – the most wondrous of excesses in existence. They could not have stopped even if they wanted to, which they never would. How could they, when their master had returned?<br/>
<br/>
The Daemon Primarch Fulgrim screamed in pleasure, shattering a morass of eardrums and stopping hearts alike, and shifted forward in the blink of an eye. The remaining shards of Khaine’s Gate, even now, had been churlishly transformed into a massive talisman hung along the daemon primarch’s chest, mocking Vect even now. Fulgrim had never spoken once, throughout his relentless and never-ending pounding against the Gate from the side of the immaterium, yet his thoughts had been easily heard. If one had managed to journey down to the epicenter of the gargantuan rift which even now grew further, they would see the words engraved in the shattered remains of stone and bone there. ‘Let us in’, the mad and insane had chanted to their deaths, sheer proximity being more than enough. ‘Let us in’. The mandrakes had, and everything had changed.<br/>
<br/>
An entire shoal of hellions, led by Baron Sathonyx, died as they tried to flee. Some were thrown into Fulgrim’s great maw, others to his reunited legion to do with as they pleased. A ship was torn apart as the serpent coiled around it and <i>squeezed</i>. It was uncaring of the forces unleashed upon it, even some from Vect’s own dreadnought, despite the destruction being enough otherwise to break entire fleets of other such ships. Perhaps, in realspace itself, it might have been different, but the dysjunction had been more than enough that the warp itself surged in response and was greedily consumed by the great daemon to heal their wound. Even if it hadn’t, there was no sign of pain from Fulgrim as he withstood the wounds with glee at the new experiences offered to him.<br/>
<br/>
“Your bastions remained unbreached, oh Supreme Overlord,” came the toneless voice of a harlequin. “As ever, we would ask that you retreat to them, and leave this doomed place to its fate.”<br/>
<br/>
Vect had not seen it enter, nor would he likely see it leave. But he certainly saw it <i>now</i>, and felt his already flaring hatred grow further at the sight of its masque. A curled lip, a sardonic and <i>mocking</i> expression given unto it, in worship and symbol of their precious Laughing God. Whatever expression the harlequin held beneath it, he would never know. Still, he turned, and loomed over the shorter eldar, and snarled. His hand shot out, and wrapped around its neck, squeezing lightly. Any other would be dead as they made the motion, yet for a wonder the harlequin, no, the solitaire, let him. As was befitting his power and status, and yet…<br/>
<br/>
He released the solitaire, and let their feet touch the ground once more without a sound.<br/>
<br/>
“Why are you<i> here</i>. I have a war to win,” he said calmly.<br/>
<br/>
“You cannot. The moment the daemon primarch broke Khaine’s Gate, the greater portion of Commorragh was surely lost, Vect,” the solitaire replied tonelessly. “He leads a re-unified Legion, diminished though it is by its insanities. He brought the lost Craftworld of Kher-Ys here, and even now it drifts from sub-realm to sub-realm. The fleet of the corrupted monkeigh Miriael Sabathiel has broken the fleet of Kabal after Kabal. You. Cannot. Win.”<br/>
<br/>
Vect twitched and smashed a hand into a cowering slave nearby, breathing in the pain as a desperate drink as the child died. A noise rumbled through his chest as he turned upon the solitaire, openly brandishing his scepter. The solitaire, in turn, did not react at all.<br/>
<br/>
“Do you think me a fool, slave of the Laughing God?” Vect sneered and turned away from the ongoing apocalypse. “That I cannot see your machinations? Leave me be and return to skulking in the shadow of our failed pantheon, to beg for scraps and favor from that empty well. <i>I</i>, and <i>Comorragh</i>, are not so weak.”<br/>
<br/>
The solitaire stiffened and then stepped away.<br/>
<br/>
“If you are certain in victory,” it bowed slightly, “Then we shall leave you to your course.”<br/>
<br/>
And then it was gone.<br/>
<br/>
Vect scoffed and turned back to the console and the running of a battle across the whole of the Dark City and beyond, banishing the thoughts the solitaire had tried to implant behind.<br/>
<br/>
“I have not yet <i>begun</i> to fight,” he whispered, eyes burning with hatred as he stared unflinching at the daemonic tide. “Commorragh is eternal,” he sneered before keying up several preplanned messages to be sent out. “<br/>
<br/>
A single press of a finger was all it took to order two dozen of the larger Kabals to move. Enough power to threaten minor stellar nations, to inspire nightmares in billions, all with the single tap of his finger. A near negligible act of <i>his</i> will. Slaves, spoils, riches, all would be needed to fuel the defense. And he would have it, one way or another. The lesser races of the galaxy were too embroiled in conflict with one another to stop any of them, in any case.</div>
  </body>
</html>