<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 20: Gathering Flock</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 20: Gathering Flock</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Lick Our Wounds</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Lick Our Wounds<br/>
-[X] Chapter<br/>
--[X] Strike Cruiser Decision - Zerann<br/>
--[X] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage - Apothecary Constantius Romallius<br/>
--[X] Beneath Blood Raven Wings - Maintain 1st Company Squad Posting on Meridian<br/>
--[X] Zemel Continuation - Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos + Honor Guard, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, 1st Company &amp; 1st Fleet, 5th Company &amp; 5th Fleet, 10th Company &amp; 10th Fleet + All vehicles as desired by Company Commanders<br/>
--[X] Polonius Communications<br/>
--[X] Regular Specialist Search<br/>
--[X] Use 1 Major Favor to gain 16 Thunderhawks (4 transport, 12 gunship) from Governor Derosa<br/>
-[X] Training<br/>
---[X] Angelos: Weapon Skill with Apollo<br/>
---[X] Chapter Main: Agility with Cyrus<br/>
---[X] Chapter Secondary: Weapon Skill with Apollo Diomedes<br/>
---[X] Chapter Secondary: Ballistic Skill with Hadrian<br/>
-[X] Apothecary<br/>
---[X] Implant Test-Slaves with 90 Geneseed<br/>
[x] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (15 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (3 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
-[X] Librarius<br/>
---[X] Locked: Begin in-depth studies of the remains of the various eldar Avatars of Khaine possessed by the Chapter [Note: This will mean that all non-Chapter Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable </b>for other tasks for 2 turns i.e. 10 years.] <b>Will Complete At Start Of Turn 21 (045.M42 To 050.M42 Period)</b><br/>
-[X] Forge<br/>
--[X] Repair Disabled Predator Damaged On Dustboom [40BP]<br/>
--[X] Construct Castraferrum Dreadnought Chassis x2 [120BP]<br/>
--[X] Recovered Looted Tank Predator Hulls Reconsecration And Repair [250BP]<br/>
--[X] Recovered Vindicator Laser Destroyer Reconsecration And Repair [50BP]<br/>
--[X] Relic Plasma pistol for Hadrian Piscus [10 BP]<br/>
--[X] Study The Rapier For Potential Learning Of Design To Allow Replication [155BP]<br/>
-[X] Master of Recruits<br/>
--[X] Train the 10th in Zemel.<br/>
--[X] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds - Calderis, Meridian, Junius</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">035.M42 To 040.M42</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left">7 5th Company Battle Brothers Seconded To Deathwatch Slain, <b>Gene-Seed Returned To Chapter. +5 Gene-Seed Recovered. </b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Veteran Battle Brothers Seconded To Deathwatch Slain, <b>Gene-Seed Returned To Chapter. +6 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 3 to Lexicani.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 10 To Scouts [1st Stage], Remainder Mutated Extensively, <b>+2 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">74 Scouts [1st Stage] Advance: 70 To Scouts [2nd Stage]. Remainder Expired. <b>+8 Gene-Seed Recovered. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Intense Combat Has Proven Some Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Worthy Of Advancement. 20 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advance To Full Battle Brothers.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">60 Aspirants Recruited -&gt; 55 Aspirants Advance: 50 To Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">50 Neophytes [1st Stage] Advance: 44 To Neophytes [2nd Stage], Remainder Expired/Given To Serfs/Servitorization Authorized. <b>Gene-Seed Implantation Required Immediately.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Notable As Specialist Possibles: <b>2 Apothecary/3 Chaplain/5 Techmarine. To be seconded if they survive gene-seed implantation. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Notable As Specialists: <b>+4 Techmarine, +1 Apothecary, +2 Chaplain, All Sent To Training. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">19 Psyker Aspirants Recruited -&gt; 19 Psyker Aspirants Advance: 19 to Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage].</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">19 Psyker Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Advance: 15 Psyker Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]. Remainder executed for mutation/corruption. <b>Gene-Seed Implantation Required Immediately.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">90 Gene-Seed Given To Test-Slaves. Harvest Available At Start Of Next Turn.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2 Techmarines Return Earlier Than Estimated:<b> Brother Hestior And One Other.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 539+54+Apollo(29)=622/800]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Agility 4 To 5: 392+62+Cyrus(29)=483/500]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill 4 To 5: 274+14+Apollo(29)=317/500]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill 5 to 6: 141+25+Hadrian(25)=191/600]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x16 Thunderhawks (x4 Transporters, 12 Gunships) Produced By Angel Forge</li>
</ul><div style="text-align: left">​</div></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Gathering Flock<br/>
+035.M42+ To +040.M42+<br/>
+<i>There Is No Darkness That The Emperor's Light Cannot Burn Away</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
Hestior had barely put down his meager belongings before a wrench was tossed in his direction, though one of his mechadendrites still managed to catch it. He stared at the blazing heat of the forges, dozens of servo-skulls bouncing past with various tools in their attachments. Upon a predator, one techmarine slammed against it again and again, performing the holy percussive rites, while another fiddled with its treads. He didn't know which one of them had thrown the wrench, but he approached regardless. His companion who had been with him at Mars was similarly thrown at, and pointed towards one of the various vehicles strewn across the forge. For a moment he didn't see master Martellus anywhere, until he did. Atop a machine that Hestior only knew through story and pict-captures, the Master of the Forges was stabbing down with each of his five mechadendrites, illuminated by a shower of white hot sparks that almost completely obscured him. All of the techmarines in the forge slowed to a stop on their own work, before finally turning towards a noise that was at first barely audible which soon grew louder and louder. It was something not often heard in the forges of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
Martellus laughed, and laughed, and laughed.<br/>
<br/>
"I. HAVE. DONE IT!"<br/>
<br/>
He boomed his victory from atop the rapier, which began to shudder and glow as it activated successfully. A freshly painted Blood Raven was emblazoned just beneath the quad-bolter attachment. Leaping down hard enough to make the ground boom, Martellus raised his fists in victory before turning around so he could face his apparent creation. For a moment he chuckled before turning towards Hestior.<br/>
<br/>
"Brother Hestior! Welcome home. I would have greeted you alongside the Chapter Master but...as you can see, I was somewhat distracted. Gather your tools, we have yet more to do."<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Forge Results</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Rapier Research Complete: 355+155=510/505.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>+1 Quad-Bolter Rapier To Vehicle Pool. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Rapiers Are Now Possible To Build. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>(62/100) Disabled Predator Restored Successfully.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>x2 Castraferrum Chassis Built</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>(31/52/40/59/78/85/69 Out Of 1d100) of 7 Looted Predators Restored. 1 declared irreparable.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>(80/100) Vindicator Laser Destroyer Restored. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Relic Plasma Pistol Crafted For Hadrian Priscus: 10/BP Cost. 1d100=95. Relic Crafted: <i>The Hand Of Aggression. </i>Details added to Hadrian's character sheet/Relic Page.</b></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
In Zemel, the Blood Ravens come, hailed by its colonists as heroes. On Veridius, once known as Greenkrump, the entire might of the Chapter – such as it is – destroys almost any chance for the greenskins to rally at all. Orks are killed in great droves. There are dozens of scout ambushes, tank assaults, and gunship bombing runs which tear apart the disorganized orks. By the end, there are almost no feral orks left alive on the planet, completely eradicating the threat of the Snakebite-aligned orks upon the world. Those of the Goffs are given similar treatment. From the thanks of the Imperials involved, you learn that through your actions the Blood Ravens have leapfrogged colonization completion estimation by several decades. However, tearing apart the entire jungle is something that you have no equipment at all for, much less plowing fields. With the Guard and Order of the Lost Rosetta thusly able to turn themselves to focus more fully upon Pella, Palmyra, and Aigai – formerly known as Dustboom, Spinesnap, and Shinehole.<br/>
<br/>
During this fighting, you also receive information from grateful leadership amongst the Guard about what the plans are for the rest of the Polonius Subsector. The Slaughra are a vile xeno race – as all xeno are – and must be put down. However, there is almost no information on this new section of the Swarm which has sworn to Chaos. With the warp storm dissipating and revealing a new star system, estimates and plans have thoroughly been thrown out the window to make way for new ones. Decades of information gathering had been prepared for what was assumed to be the only Slaughra in existence, but almost no information has been gathered – or can be – on this new section of the Swarm. The Guard made subtle – for them – remarks that such a dangerous task might be something the Blood Ravens could assist with. In addition, there are numerous high priority targets in the section of the Swarm which has been confirmed to be controlled by an extremely widespread genestealer cult. What you do with this information is, of course, entirely up to you. Some amongst the 10th Company are even worth promoting to full battle brother as a result of their experiences, Cyrus tells you. Of less favorable news, however, you receive a remarkably low crop of aspirants from your Recruiting Worlds for some reason. Apparently too many children were above or below the right age to partake in the Blood Trials. Hopefully the next cycle will prove better.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Polonius Results</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>- 1d4=3. Greenkrump/Viridius<br/>
- 87. No casualties. Multiple victories. <br/>
- 10th Company Training: 69. </b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================​</div><div style="text-align: left">​</div>“By the Omnissiah, damn those xenos! Damn them to the depths of cogitator cascades!”<br/>
<br/>
Phokas slams a fist against the wall, only to nearly wretch in disgust at the flaking ork paint which comes off as a result of the physical assault. The Fabricator-General had made it just inside of the reclaimed ship before falling to his knees from the sheer desecration it had suffered. A dozen engineseers disappeared into the depths of the ship as well, while five magos did the same, leaving the Phokas alone with his two dozen servo skulls. Though you suppose he cannot actually retch without having a throat, he did make the noise of a machine equivalent. After another rude noise from his vocoder, he stands, dusting himself off, and strides over to you.<br/>
<br/>
“This vessel has been transformed into an abomination. The modifications obscene. However…”<br/>
<br/>
“However,” you repeat, knowing what is coming.<br/>
<br/>
“Zerann is completely inundated with repair orders have that fiasco of a void battle that occurred in the Polonius Subsector. We are the premier shipyard in Korianis, after all. Aerus might have begun immediately, but of course you came here instead,” Phokas says with pride before pausing.<br/>
<br/>
He scrapes at the ground for a moment with a metallic claw that has replaced his foot, before looking up at you again.<br/>
<br/>
“However. If the Blood Ravens were to grant us some aid in protecting our shipments to and from elsewhere across the Sector throughout this repair process, it would make things more efficient and certain for us. There have been a mixture of orkish pirates and eldar corsairs in the area – striking just after they sent a fleet to Zemel.”<br/>
<br/>
Ah.<br/>
<br/>
“In point of fact, Chapter Master, given the nature of our ongoing relationship, we might wish to speak of a more permanent posting in exchange for diverting our own resources to a mutually appreciable conclusion.”<br/>
<br/>
The translation being the exchange of favors. As it always is.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reconsecration And Repair Of Recovered Strike Cruiser Cost<br/>
2 Major Favors From Forge World Zerann and/or Aerus.<br/>
OR<br/>
5 Minor Favors <br/>
OR<br/>
1 Major Favor And 3 Minor</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] Assign 20 New Battle Brothers To Companies (Write-In Battle Brother Allotment)<br/>
[] Assign 16 Thunderhawks (x4 Transporters, x12 Gunship) Within Chapter Fleet (Write-In)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Zemel Continuation </b>- While WAAAAAAGHH!!! Bonebreaka was stopped in its tracks, many orks remain within the Zemel System. The vast majority of the work is nothing nearly as intense as slaying Warbosses, Big Bosses, retaking Battleships, or otherwise. It is a painstaking culling, step by step, across four whole worlds. The Order of the Lost Rosetta is assisting in this, but the Blood Ravens could still contribute some forces there, though that would be entirely up to you. It might be better to try and preserve your brothers for the next step of the Polonius Liberation Crusade. [Write-In Forces Contributed For This Turn]<br/>
[] <b>Slaughra Swarm Sabotage (Genestealer-Affliliated)</b>: Before the warp storm faded away, this was the only potion of the Slaughra Swarm known to be in existence. Inquisitorial information gathering has confirmed the presence of a genestealer cult in command of this portion of this xeno race. While the forces of the Sector ready themselves, they have allowed for the possibility that sabotage efforts against their shipyards would be most welcome before the actual assault begins in a few more years. The current greatest threat to the Crusade will be coming from their space-borne assets, and denying the enemy of as many of them as possible would do well. With the Swarm distracted with their Chaos-affiliated cousins, this is an opportune time to take advantage of their backs being turned. [Write-In Forces Contributed This Turn]<br/>
[] <b>Slaughra Swarm Subterfuge (Chaos-Affiliated)</b>: Recently revealed by a warp storm dissipating, this portion of the Slaughra Swarm is potentially even more dangerous than their genestealer-led cousins. Daemons walk on their worlds, and their ships are notably tainted by the Dark Powers. There is little information on their force projection capabilities, nor what they have back on their worlds. Information gathering would be incredibly dangerous, but dangerous deeds such as these are exactly what the space marines were made for. Sector Command cannot know how much forces will need to be committed without that information. [Write-In Forces Contributed This Turn]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Requests On Hand To Have Strike Cruiser Repaired (Repairs Do Not Begin Without Accepting At Least One Of The Below)</u>:<br/>
(2 Major OR 5 Minor OR 1 Major and 3 Minor)<br/>
<br/>
[] In-Sector Fleet Protection (Major): </b>While the ships of the space marines are not meant for much void combat, they are still a powerful multiplier thanks to their own boarding teams. Recent pirate attacks across the sector mean that the Mechanicus would appreciate the seconding of one of the Chapter’s Company Fleets – 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, or 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> – to protect convoys of vital war material to ensure the repair and rearming of both the Guard and the Navy. The Company chosen would be unable to participate in other matters, obviously, until the task is done, and the next phase of the Polonius Crusade begins. It would also provide chances for assigned Company to assist in other matters as required. (Write-In Company Chosen) [Assignment Lasts Until Start Of Turn 22] [May also result in gaining Minor Favors too]<br/>
<b>[] Explorator Exchange (Major):</b> Another of Zerann’s three Explorator Fleets is finally ready to depart into the unknown across the galaxy. Last time, Doukas and his brothers made for a fine aid to said fleet in its dangerous journeys. Another squad could be seconded again, though their time of return – or return at all – would be unknown. They would require an apothecary to go with them, if only to ensure that any lost gene-seed is properly preserved. [Assignment Duration Unknown]<br/>
<b>[] Other Minor Favors: </b>The secondment of squads to other purposes of which might be unknown at this time would also work. There is always work to be done, and once given a squad the Fabricator-General will surely figure out <i>something</i> for them to be doing that can benefit the Mechanicus well. Perhaps a specific convoy protected, an outpost checked up on, etc. The survivability of the squads is not necessarily guaranteed, as rogue machines, pirates, etc. might become involved at any moment. (Write-In 2 Squads Per Minor Favor Wished To Be Gained, i.e. 2 Squads = 1 Minor Favor Completed)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Toughness Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it <b>must</b> be specified that they do so.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (44 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (15 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The <i>Arcanum</i> may have the largest of our Apothecarium, but it is the <i>Potentia</i> that possesses the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (LOCKED):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] Begin in-depth studies of the remains of the various eldar Avatars of Khaine possessed by the Chapter [Note: This will mean that all non-Company Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable </b>for other tasks for <b>2 </b>turns i.e. 10 years.] <b>Will Complete At Start Of Turn 21 (045.M42 To 050.M42 Period)</b><br/>
[] Anti-Anti-Psyker Study: The Split Heart Kabal made strange xeno advances in the baffling, diffusing, and blocking of psyker powers and abilities. By making a study of such things, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens would be able to train its forces against such things, improving their ability to defeat such things in the future while providing an additional aid of likely effectiveness against the vile Eldar specifically. [Note: This will mean that all non-Chapter Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable</b> for other tasks for <b>2</b> turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
- The Chapter's greatest advantage was its Librarians. I know that they were used for...ill purpose in the past by Kyras, but I will not allow such a political character to be assigned to them ever again. We were meant for more than that. For the betterment of the Chapter, for its coming battles, and the maintenance of the <i>Sanctorium Arcanum,</i> we must rebuild our ranks, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (575 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Flagships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The <i>Faith's Horizon</i> [0/500] to recieve an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Howling Hatred</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [0/????]<br/>
[] Recovered Rhino Hulls Reconsecration And Repair [90 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [4]<br/>
[] Recovered Ultrafortress Predator Hulls Reconsecration And Repair – [235 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [5]<br/>
[] Recovered Whirlwind Hull Reconsecration And Repair – [35 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [1]<br/>
[] Recovered Hunter Hulls Reconsecration And Repair – [80 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [2]<br/>
[] Recovered Assault Bikes Reconsecration And Repair – [50 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [5]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- Tremendous damage and desecration has been lambasted upon what we recovered from the orks of Bonebreaka’s WAAAGH!! They will require much work to remove the taint of the alien and reconsecrate, let alone repair. But if done, then the Chapter would benefit indeed.<br/>
- We should probably build more Tarantula turrets.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Thank goodness the <i>Potentia</i> has returned to service. Amongst the rest of the ships within the Chapter Fleet, it possesses the most advanced forge facilities, as befitting its name. This will surely aid me in construction of more advanced technologies in the future, as well as their study!<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.</div>
  </body>
</html>