<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 (Part Three): By Duty, Bring Death</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 (Part Three): By Duty, Bring Death</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan: Bone Breaker</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] <b>Plan: Bone Breaker</b><br/>
-[X] The Navy is afraid of leaving planets open for attack in case they decide to consolidate their forces to attack orks on either planet? Then lets not give the orks a chance. The Navy forces on Shinehole will move to annihilate the orks on Greenkrump, while at the same time Navy forces on Dustboom will move to Spinesnap to engage the ork navy there, with the goal of locking them down in the system and stalling until reinforcements can arrive. If large amounts of ork ships are escaping from these battles, portions of the fleets are to be pulled off to reinforce Dustboom and Shinehole. As soon as ork navy on Greenkrump has been destroyed, most of the space forces there are to move to Spinesnap to support the Navy forces there, while the forces remaining will continue to supply the ground forces, including Blood Raven ground forces.<br/>
-[X] Instruct high ranking Navy officers to follow your lead and directly contact ork captains when arriving in system and insult and belittle them and their combat prowess in every way possible to both break their fleet cohesion and to draw their full attention, so that they wouldn't even think of leaving the battlefield.<br/>
--[X] 1st Fleet<br/>
--[X] 1st Company (sans dreadnoughts), Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chapter Master's Honor Guard<br/>
---[X] Naval forces left to defend Dustboom<br/>
----[X] 3 Lunar class cruisers, 4 escorts (3x Firestorm, 1x Cobra), 4 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
---[X] Naval forces left to defend Shinehole<br/>
----[X] 4th Fleet, 3 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
-[X] Continued Crushing: The Imperial Guard has taken a beating on Dustboom, but has delivered it in turn. Quality and quantity have turned the tide against the orks, pushing them back across the planet and opening up new avenues of attack. Even so, there yet remain plenty more orks running about in the wasteland, exploding out of mek shops hidden in scrap heaps or rolling out from the mountains, and more. They must be destroyed.<br/>
--[X] 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Land Raider Phobos <i>Litany of Purgation</i><br/>
--[X] 1 Predator (Twin-Linked Lascannons)<br/>
--[X] 1 Predator<br/>
--[X] 1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Plasma Guns) [+Lascannon]<br/>
--[X] 1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
--[X] 1 Vindicator<br/>
--[X] 4 Assault Bikes (2x Multimelta, 2x Heavy Bolter)<br/>
---[X] Give our remaining Iron Halo to Captain Hadrian Priscus<br/>
-[X] Further Into The Dark: The beachheads have held, and the Imperial Guard is now pushing through with far greater success, their hearts emboldened by success. The orks are only fighting harder, however, using some of the most advanced weaponry you've ever experienced amongst their kind, and machines as well in the tunnels. But the majority of caverns are still held by the enemy.<br/>
--[X] All 1st Company dreadnoughts<br/>
--[X] Techmarine Calus, Techmarine Daedal<br/>
--[X] 3x Rapiers (Quad-Heavy Bolters)<br/>
--[X] 1x Rapier (Laser-Destroyer Array)<br/>
-[X] Taking The Plateaus Back - The orks have been completely forced back from the cities. The greater threat now are the claimed plateaus where citadel-cities once stood. These must be cleansed, if not to be reclaimed later then at least to destroy what they protect. As a reminder, orbital strikes on the plateaus is extensively not recommended by records, for it would surely destroy the plateaus and weaken humanities presence on the planet near-permanently.<br/>
--[X] Citadel A's Ork Hold has completed construction, and is as full of orks as ever, and more so now that orks from Pacemen have fled from across the Black Archipelago. It is now currently the most heavily fortified ork position left on Trontiux III able to be seen from space.<br/>
---[X] 5th Company<br/>
---[X] Land Raider Crusader <i>Tarantulus Ultima</i><br/>
---[X] 6 Razorbacks (Standard Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter)<br/>
---[X] 1 Razorbacks (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
---[X] 2 Whirlwinds<br/>
---[X] Predator<br/>
--[X] Citadel C's orks have actually spread thoroughly out into the jungle, though a good number of them remain here. Initial auspex scans indicate that they are still in the area around Citadel C, but not on the plateau itself.<br/>
---[X] 10th Company<br/>
-[X] Fury from the Skies (Citadel B)<br/>
--[X] All available Thunderhawk Gunships<br/>
--[X] 3 Land Speeders (Standard)<br/>
--[X] 2 Land Speeders (Tempest)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>By Duty, Bring Death<br/>
+030.M42+ To +035.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain Now! Reward In The Afterlife!</i>+</b><br/>​</div><b>Fleet Arrival At Greenkrump<br/>
83! No Complications.</b><br/>
<br/>
When you arrive at Greenkrump, the orks begin turning immediately – and this is before you begin transmitting your various insults and challenges. They show zero hesitation at the arrival of a somewhat superior force, even with many of their ships still down on the surface. That is something you had relied upon, in fact, for while ork attack ships can be trouble in the void, they are also major troop transports for the greenskins that must descend to the planets below to fully release their compliments. Which means, in this case, that much of the Greenkrump ork fleet is still on the ground. Yet that does nothing to dampen their spirits as they charge toward you with almost reckless abandon. They are greenskins, after all. But then comes a surprise.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Lost Rosetta Rallying<br/>
66! Success!</b><br/>
<br/>
“Scans are showing the Lost Rosetta moving on the surface of Greenkrump, with heavy Imperial Guard support. They are rallying!” a serf cries out from his console.<br/>
<br/>
“Emperor be praised,” you nod, before turning your gaze to the rest of the battle. “If we are fortunate, we will be able to support them soon enough. Give me progress reports on them. If they require immediate aid, we need to be able to provide it.”<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, Chapter Master!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Greenkrump Rallying<br/>
21! Several attack ships struggling to lift off from Greenkrump surface!<br/>
- 3 of 3 Ravager Attack Ships remain on Greenkrump Surface<br/>
- 7 of 10 Land-bound Onslaught Attack Ships remain on Greenkrump Surface<br/>
</b><br/>
“It looks like the xenos are trying to get their ships off the ground, but got too eager. Only three of them have lifted off,” the same serf from before says in surprise.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ork Ship Charge: 75<br/>
Navy Assault: 56<br/>
Blood Raven Assault: 25<br/>
</b><br/>
And then the orks are upon you. Every kill kroozer present clumps together to the point that two actually scrape against each other’s hulls, and punch through the initial Navy formation. Such is the speed shown by the ork ships that your own logic engines are incapable of finding proper drop pod insertion points! A lunar cruiser goes up in smoke as one of the hammer battlekroozers rams it directly, while a group of escorts is swarmed by ork attack ships. Your own ships begin firing off their own salvos, but no major discernable damage is done to the enemy. If anything, it is the Navy’s sole present battleship which does the most damage to the ork fleet.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Lost Rosetta Boarding: 90<br/>
- 5 Onslaught Attack Ships under control of Lost Rosetta and entering void combat!</b><br/>
<br/>
“Um,” a serf speaks up.<br/>
<br/>
“That’s generally not something you want to hear, crewman,” Doukas says from near you, tapping his fingers along the hilt of his blade. “The number of times ‘um’ was followed by something good happening when I was with the Explorator could be counted on one hand.”<br/>
<br/>
“The…Order of the Lost Rosetta just boarded some of the ork’s ships down on the planet.”<br/>
<br/>
<i>That</i> brings you to a momentary halt in your mind, many present on the bridge turning to stare at the serf, who is rubbing at the back of his head.<br/>
<br/>
“And…now those ships are heading towards the ork fleet, firing every weapon they can.”<br/>
<br/>
Indeed, you can see it on the tactical map which dominates the center of the bridge at the foot of the command throne. A small series of blips are rocketing up out of Greenkrump at speeds only ork ships would willingly use, and heading not towards any Imperial vessel to link up, but rather…at one of the enemy vessels.<br/>
<br/>
“Other ships are trying to lift off after them!” the serf cries out, and your eyes snap to auspex scans blooming on the projection.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Greenkrump Liftoff Attempts<br/>
5! Some attack ships explode during liftoff!<br/>
- 3 of 3 Ravager Attack Ships lost!<br/>
- 4 of 4 Remaining Land-bound Onslaught Attack Ships lost!<br/>
</b><br/>
“Multiple enemy ships on Greenkrump have…exploded? The Guard is still on the planet, and fighting!”<br/>
<br/>
“Impressive,” Doukas notes approvingly, though you are more concerned as to what in the world the Order of the Lost Rosetta is even <i>thinking</i> at this point.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================​</div> <br/>
<b>Dustboom Combat (1)<br/>
Imperial Guard Vehicles: 3<br/>
Ork Vehicles: 40<br/>
Blood Raven Crushing: 90<br/>
</b><br/>
A dozen Leman Russ tanks had died, proud machines turned smoking wrecks, just to bring down a force just barely equal in number to them. By the time the Blood Ravens had arrived, it had been too late. Yet they had only been late due to the sudden arrival of another ork armor column entirely.<br/>
<br/>
“These orks have much to answer for,” Hadrian grunted as he gently ran a hand along the flank of the predator tank.<br/>
<br/>
And it <i>was</i> a predator tank. The shape and feel was unmistakable; despite the tremendous damage it had suffered in its life it remained a predator tank. How many years had it languished under the hand of the orks? Long enough for great amounts of rust to set in, for any sign of its old heraldry to have been worn away or painted over into non-existence. Even the aquila on it was mostly worn away, but a little bit of water and wiping and it shined just a little bit. At the least, the ork crew that had been using it for their own personal transport were dead.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, techmarine?” he turned to look at the quiet marine whose servo-harness whirred with each step. Various mechadendrites poked and prodded at the machine.<br/>
<br/>
“It will require reconsecration, but I believe that with effort…this poor thing may one day ride again in its proper place,” the Blood Raven eventually said.<br/>
<br/>
“Good enough for me,” Hadrian nodded, and walked away to where the <i>Litany of Purgation</i> rumbled. “Keep it safe!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Tunnel Push (1)<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 46<br/>
Ork Defenders: 10<br/>
Blood Raven Attackers: 95</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>“Come on, come on,” Daedal murmured from atop his rapier as it shot down one of the tunnels, yet the orks kept streaming through.<br/>
<br/>
“Keep firing, keep firing!” Calus bellowed from atop his own rapier, a heavy bolter in his hands as he fired over the lip of his station shields. “Daedal?!”<br/>
<br/>
“It’s ready!”<br/>
<br/>
Once, it had been a proud machine. But years languishing in the muck, bits and pieces torn out for the insane usage of an ork mek or two, and various other desecrations had almost delivered it to the forges for breakdown entirely. Perhaps in the future its pieces would be used in another of its kind, the machine spirit reincarnated. But that had been before desperation, before near overwhelming, and before Techmarine Daedal of the Blood Ravens found it. With a few more sparks flying from the mechadendrites, suddenly a long-dead heart bloomed like a newborn star.<br/>
<br/>
“DIE GREENSKINS!” he roared in exhultation, lifting up the plasma cannon which still possessed many a greenskin scrawl on its frame, and the ancient weapon coughed forth a ball of superheated death into the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“We have arrived,”</b> boomed the dreadnoughts behind, and between the two rapiers stomped forth a moving tomb, both arms fitted with assault cannons. At the same time, the ammo blocks of the rapiers were shunted aside and refilled.<br/>
<br/>
The volume of what followed next was literally deafening, even to space marine ears.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
=====================​</div> <br/>
<b>Lost Rosetta Ramming: 82<br/>
Ork Fleet: 53<br/>
Naval Assault: 73<br/>
Blood Raven Push: 57<br/>
</b><br/>
<i>“Love the Emperor<br/>
for He is the salvation of mankind<br/>
Obey His words<br/>
for He will lead you into the light of the future<br/>
Heed His wisdom<br/>
for He will protect you from evil<br/>
Whisper His prayers with devotion,<br/>
for they will save your soul<br/>
Honour His servants,<br/>
for they speak in His voice<br/>
Tremble before His majesty,<br/>
for we all walk in His immortal shadow.”<br/>
</i><br/>
Margaret lifted her gaze from where it had been bowed, and stood from where she had kneeled while praying. Around her, the Lost Rosetta checked their weapons one last time, but all the while their leader stared straight ahead and unblinking. The controls of these ships were crude, but in their crudeness they had been made somewhat understandable. This lever to fly, this button to shoot, this pulley to launch other projectiles. All around them, the ships were rumbled and shaking themselves apart as they had since taking off, but they had faith. Faith in these ships, that while they were of orkish hands, they would <i>serve</i> for the Emperor’s purposes.<br/>
<br/>
“Status,” she barked out to one of her celestials who wrestled with the ‘controls’ on the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
“Blood Raven ships and Imperial Navy are currently assaulting the enemy, and have destroyed many, but have not yet broken through to <i>our</i> target, Canoness.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well then,” Margaret nodded, and inhaled deeply before immediately retching out the disgusting air that the ship possessed. “Full speed," she coughed, "Ahead!”<br/>
<br/>
All five vessels shot forward, power shunted almost entirely to engines, and slammed directly into the side of one of the hammer battlekroozers. Only this one had been marked differently on the ridiculously childish ork ‘map, if it could even be called that, with glitching angry skulls around it on the primitive holographic projector which passed for an orcish tactical map. Therefore, it likely either held the leader or some powerful ork weapon or device. Or something. What mattered is that its destruction would serve the Emperor!<br/>
<br/>
Dragging herself upright, Margaret growled as she helped other sisters to their feet.<br/>
<br/>
“Onward! For the Emperor!”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
=======================<br/>​</div><b>Ork Cohesion: 19</b><br/>
<br/>
“Roight, zog dis den,” Krarg grumbled, wiggling his fungus-cigar from side to side in his teeth.<br/>
<br/>
The sounds of explosions in the ship – and not the good normal kind – only furthered his point. From here he could hear the humies exploderating their way through his beautiful ship, shooting and burning indiscriminately. He could appreciate that, really, and sometimes he’d been the one to do it. But it had been <i>him</i>, not humies. Especially not those burny ones that ran around draped in beakie armor. It was annoying, it was. With a grumble, he turned towards the ‘taktiks map’ held in the hands of one of his grots, and snorted at the symbols on it winking out.<br/>
<br/>
“Boyz!” he screamed out on the speaking horn to all the ships left in his fleet. “Dis foight is dumb! We’ze getting’ outta here and back to Spinesnap, Warboss Bonebreaka is gonna sort all dese humies out <i>real</i> quick!”<br/>
<br/>
A gretchin burst into the bridge, then, screaming and flailing as it burned to death, and Krarg turned slightly to stare at it with his one eye. It hopped and leapt about, some of the orks on the bridge chuckling at its misfortune, before finally tipping over and dying. Rolling his eyes, he slammed on the speaking horn’s button again.<br/>
<br/>
“And will SOMEONE kill them burny humies already! Zog me, there’s only a few hundred of ‘em!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Orks Fleeing: 79<br/>
Imperial Chasers: 7<br/>
- 2 Hammer Battlekroozers Escape<br/>
- 10 Kill Kroozers Escape<br/>
</b><br/>
Anyone who had access to anything had heard the outbound broadcasts of the greenskins, heard Krarg's orders to flee.<br/>
<br/>
“They’re trying to flee back to Spinesnap! Cut them off!” you call out, and while the ships turn as fast as they can, a mass of ork attack ships blocks the way.<br/>
<br/>
They die, to be sure, to a vessel, but by the time the rest of the Chapter Fleet and the somewhat battered Navy is able to push through them all, the rest of the ork ships have disappeared into the warp. At the least, you know their location, for few are the orks who seem to realize that one does not need to broadcast on all channels possible just to speak to one another. Then again, that is preferable to them learning anything approaching operational security. Plans sift and dip through your mind, including what you had originally planned in case the ork ships tried to escape. Before you had thought they might try to arrive over Dustboom or Shinehole, but that clearly wasn’t the case here. No, you cannot rely on that plan any longer, and there is only one logical thing left to do. The Navy forces sent to Spinesnap are surely already dealing with much, and attacked from behind? No, you must go to them, and go to them now.<br/>
<br/>
Not to mention the fact that one of the vessels that escaped was the one that the Order of the Lost Rosetta had rather suicidally boarded.<br/>
<br/>
“Set course for Spinesnap!”<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor!”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
===================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Dustboom Combat (2)<br/>
Imperial Guard Vehicles: 65<br/>
Ork Vehicles: 64<br/>
Blood Raven Crushing: 95<br/>
</b><br/>
“How many tanks do these bloody orks <i>have</i>,” Gunner Teague wiped the sweat from his eyes as he squinted at the rangefinder.<br/>
<br/>
“They’ve been here for centuries, gunny,” Sheila reminded him as she lifted up another shell. “We all got the briefing, remember?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yeah, but – woah!”<br/>
<br/>
Their Leman Russ abruptly shuddered as it came to a violent halt, sending Teague flying forward against the bulging muscles of Sheila. The gene-enhanced guardswoman rolled her eyes and pushed her back into her seat, cutting her eyes then to the driver.<br/>
<br/>
“Well?”<br/>
<br/>
“Sorry, Blood Ravens just showed up,” he explained with a shrug, “I figured…”<br/>
<br/>
“WHY DID MY TANK JUST STOP!” their tank commander bellowed back down from the hatch, and seconds afterward the dustblown Marshal Reigns was glaring at them from behind his goggles. “Did you just stop my tank, Toombs?!”<br/>
<br/>
“Sir, the Blood Ravens-,” was as far as Toombs got before Marshal slammed his boot into the man’s face, sending his skull cracking backwards.<br/>
<br/>
“Excuse me? Frak that, you God-Emperor damned idiot! I don’t wanna lose out to some overjumped hunks of metal! GET US INTO THE FIGHT BEFORE THEY KILL ALL THE ORKS!”<br/>
<br/>
To Tank Commander Marshal Reigns’ immense displeasure, a great many war trukks and an entire orkish battlewagon had been destroyed before his Leman Russ was able to mark off a kill.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================​</div> <br/>
<b>Fleet Arrival At Spinesnap (Generally Concurrent With Beginning Of Greenkrump Assault)<br/>
86! No Complications.<br/>
</b><br/>
“Oy, boss!”<br/>
<br/>
Warboss Bonebreaka shifted slightly from the throne upon which he sat, made of the piled up loot of the great many things he’d killed in his life. With a grunt, he withdrew an eldar banshee’s mask from beneath his left buttock and tossed it to the side before focusing his attention on the ork who had spoken, entering into Bonebreaka’s personal shiny chamber. For an instant, the Warboss considered killing him, but eventually thought better of it and jerked his jaw at the ork.<br/>
<br/>
“Yeah, well…the uh…the humies done showed up!”<br/>
<br/>
Then Bonebreaka moved, off the throne and pile and grabbing the ork by the throat in a single burst of speed.<br/>
<br/>
“THEN GET TO FOIGHTING!” he bellowed, throwing the ork to the side as he headed for the bridge. “Got ta tell every git meself to do what should come naturally, do I? Bah!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Navy vs. Bonebreaka’s Fleet<br/>
Navy Assault: 8<br/>
Bonebreaka Counter-Attack: 60<br/>
</b><br/>
<i>Killtasticka</i> rumbled with the victorious war chants of its gunners soon after. One of the enemy battlecruisers died a fiery death, blown to pieces almost immediately after the battle had become. It was something that Bonebreaka had learned from the Blood Axes and spindly runners elsewhere in the galaxy. What applied on the ground applied in space. If enough guns shot at one target? It died. No matter what. Grumbling, the Warboss snapped out a hand, choking the life of one of his gun-bosses, and threw him across the room with a crash.<br/>
<br/>
“I SAID SHOOT WHERE I SAY, YA DUMB GIT! You,” he growled, pointing at a grot, “You gonna listen to wot I say and when I seyz?”<br/>
<br/>
The gretchin nodded wildly, its ears and nose flopping wildly.<br/>
<br/>
“Yez boss, I swear I will, yes!”<br/>
<br/>
“Den get on the gunner set, and get to shootin’…dat one!” Bonebreaka roared as he pointed at another single ship on the screen, and his bellowing voice was transmitted across the entire fleet. “And kept dere tiny ships busy, zog it! Dere’s only nine of ‘em, we gotz…,” he paused for a moment, “We’ze got more den dat, so get on it!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Navy Regroup: 31<br/>
Bonebreaka Avalanche: 69<br/>
</b><br/>
The human tactical screen was considerably less fun than an orkish one, but a few years of tinkering had fixed that. Now it had proper snarling faces, shiny parts, little pleasurable splashes of color here and there. Yet still, the heavily modified projector still worked its magic, and showed the terrified human fleet trying to regroup in on itself after <i>Killasticka</i> had blown through their formation. Another two cruisers died, while the surrounded ‘escort ships’ – what stupid human naming system – were busy being shot to utter pieces by his own ships. That were tinier, yes, but also plenty good!<br/>
<br/>
“Hurr hurr, they didn’t bring <i>nearly</i> enough dakka for dis fight. We’ze outnumbering them in every way! In tiny ships, in kroozers, in our bigga ships,” Bonebreaka chortled, rubbing at his chin with his power klaw. “Didn’t even need to get dat twiggies help for dis.”<br/>
<br/>
“Uh, boss?” one of the bridge-gretchin called out for his attention, waving its entire boy at him.<br/>
<br/>
“Yeah, wot iz it,” he growled as he came closer.<br/>
<br/>
“Dem humie ships…says ‘ere dat de’re doin’ sumfin weird with dere power?”<br/>
<br/>
“Loik wot?”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Desperate Navy: 96<br/>
Bonebreaka Blocking: 1<br/>
</b><br/>
The answer came not a moment later. Engines drained of power, void shields dropped, and even life support and gravity temporarily suspended, every weapon that the Imperials possessed fired at once at every orkish target they could. A hefty number of orkish attack ships disappeared, lances and torpedos striking them at once. Two of the looted battlecruisers, of human design once upon a time, were cored completely, and while the orks on those ships continued to fire with what they could soon enough they began to suffocate at the loss of life support and the many holes in the ship.<br/>
<br/>
“Zog me, wot was <i>dat</i>?” Bonebreaka groaned as he rubbed his head, squinting at where he’d been thrown by the impact. “Oh, great, I dun squashed one of me gunnerz. Get me some more gretchin,” he roared into the speaking horn before turning to face the tactical map.<br/>
<br/>
Bonebreaka grinned, and licked slightly at the blood which trickled down from his forehead.<br/>
<br/>
“Still…nice to see dey actually got some <i>foight</i> in ‘em. Didn’t want dis to be <i>too</i> easy.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Greenkrump Runners Arrival<br/>
88!<br/>
+ 2 Hammer Battlekroozers Enter Spinesnap Void Combat!<br/>
+ 10 Kill Kroozers Enter Spinesnap Void Combat!<br/>
</b><br/>
“Oi, ‘ooz dat den?” Bonebreaka squinted at the arrival of new orky symbols on the tactical map, behind the human ships. After a moment, he growled, and slammed a hand on a speaking horn, this time the one that went to other ships.<br/>
<br/>
“OY! Krarg! Wot you doin’ ‘ere, you’ze supposed to be at Greenkrump!”<br/>
<br/>
The response was considerably garbled, the sound of explosions and gunfire almost completely obscuring Krarg’s reply.<br/>
<br/>
“We’ze wasn’t runnin, we’ze just making a ‘taktikul retreat’, figured we’d join up with you and go back at ‘em for annuver go!”<br/>
<br/>
Bonebreaka sighed, and rubbed at the bridge of his nose.<br/>
<br/>
“Fine,” he eventually grumbled, “Start zogging dem humie ships, and get right quick to it!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Order Boarders: 63<br/>
Krarg’s Boyz: 20</b><br/>
<br/>
The response from Krarg was entirely static, to which Bonebreaka grunted in confusion. After another moment he slammed his hand on the speaking horn again.<br/>
<br/>
“Krarg? You still there?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes! Sorry, boss, just…dealin’ wivv some humie boarders!”<br/>
<br/>
“On yer ship?!” Bonebreaka laughed, “You’ze gotta be kiddin’ me.”<br/>
<br/>
“No boss, not at all. Dey are…very persistent! But we’ll get da boyz on it, real quick!!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Surrounded Navy: 49<br/>
Bonebreaka Fleet: 90<br/>
Krarg Fleet Survivors: 65<br/>
Lost Rosetta Boarders: 81<br/>
</b><br/>
Bonebreaka sniffed, rolling his eyes again at the sounds of fighting from Krarg’s ship, but the ships under his command moved forth regardless. The human ships had blown out their reactors by their desperate all-or-nothing attack, and while it had taken down quite a few ships and boyz with them, they were just grots in a barrel now. Shifting forward, he slammed his hands on the speaking horns, all of them at once, and gave a low laugh.<br/>
<br/>
“All right boyz, start shootin’! We’ze got ‘em surrounded! Tear ‘em APART!”<br/>
<br/>
Then he removed his hands from all but one of the buttons, one marked with a wrench scrawling rather than skulls or whatever else.<br/>
<br/>
"Oy, howz dem ships comin, they gonna be joinin' us or not, mek?"<br/>
<br/>
The speaker horn crackled loudly before the noise of cutters and fire could be heard. The ork on the other end gave a hacking cough before spitting, finally responding after a minute later.<br/>
<br/>
"Dey'z ready boss! No worries! You'll see! I'll show Mekboss Killdakka wrong, I will!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap Ork Vessel Liftoff<br/>
94! All ships lift off!<br/>
+1 Ork 'Battleship'<br/>
+5 Ork Kill Kroozers join Ork Spinesnap Fleet!</b><br/>
<br/>
A loud explosion boomed through the speaker horn, and Bonebreaka growled, before the tactical map registered several orky skull symbols rising up from his world's surface. Several warning signs in the language of humanity blipped about the red skulls, before he slammed his fist into the side of the tactical map. A second thump made it change to its proper place, the symbols nice and green with the stupid human warnings disappearing. In the center was a particularly large skull, this one with Mek Groz's personal mek-y heraldry on it.<br/>
<br/>
"Hurr hurr...now <i>dat's</i> da way! Keep dis up, Groz, and you'll be me new Mekboss yet!"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Tunnel Push (2)<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 22<br/>
Ork Defenders: 54<br/>
Blood Raven Attackers: 56</b><br/>
<br/>
"That is <i>quite</i> a lot of missiles," Daedal noted as he reversed the rapier back out of the way at breakneck speed, just in time to avoid the almost lazily slow projectiles.<br/>
<br/>
Which then exploded and tore huge chunks out of the tunnel walls. A great chattering from orkish guns followed it up and turned the charging Guard platoon into wet chunks. From atop the rapier, the techmarine grunted and covered his eyes slightly to keep the continual flashes from blinding him. Within his helmet, a small beep indicated a comm-request.<br/>
<br/>
"Yeah Calus?"<br/>
<br/>
"Assault's stalled a bit there, Daedal," came the casual voice of his battle brother. "Everything all right?"<br/>
<br/>
"Oh, it's fine," he grunted, "I'll just drive the rapier into certain destruction then, shall I?"<br/>
<br/>
"Didn't say that," Calus began.<br/>
<br/>
"You implied it though," Daedal finished.<br/>
<br/>
"I bet you'd take a lot of them out, first, is what I mean to say, brother."<br/>
<br/>
<b>"Are the two of you always like this?"</b><br/>
<br/>
Daedal turned to look at the venerable 1st Company Dreadnought before him, and though the marine's entire ruined body was obscured within, Daedal still felt as if it was giving him a disapproving look for some reason.<br/>
<br/>
"Um. No?"<br/>
<br/>
It was then that Calus commed him again, this time surely loud enough for the dreadnought to hear.<br/>
<br/>
"Hah! I just fixed that power axe I found, what about you, did you get yours working yet? Probably not, eh?"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================​</div> <br/>
<br/>
<b>Imperial Arrival<br/>
56! Minor complications, arrival position unfavorable.<br/>
Blood Raven Arrival<br/>
78! No complications.<br/>
</b><br/>
The news is grim as you arrive at Spinesnap. The Imperial ships sent here to hold the enemy have done their job, though unfortunately this has taken the form of being too tempting of targets for the greenskins to go elsewhere. They have been badly ravaged by the enemy, whose numbers have swollen somehow despite the tallied kills, with reports coming in from the badly struck Imperial fleet which is currently completely surrounded by greenskin ships that the new ships arose from Spinesnap itself. With no presence on the planet, such constructions went without detection. There is little left to do but fight, now, though your gaze seems locked onto the orkish battleship which lumbers its way up into the atmosphere.<br/>
<br/>
A good chunk of it falls off back down to the planet below, but by sheer mass it cannot be confused with anything else.<br/>
<br/>
Worse is that the Imperial ships that accompanied you from Greenkrump have completely overshot, their ships emerging from the warp away from the battle entirely, leaving the battle itself behind. Now it is just the Chapter’s ships facing the slowly turning orks, with the beleaguered Imperial ships in the middle of all of them. But you steel yourself against the near overwhelming odds, and order the advance.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Greenskin Redirection: 33<br/>
Lost Rosetta Boarding Teams: 77<br/>
Navy Detachment 1: 37<br/>
Navy Detachment 2: 26<br/>
Blood Raven Assault: 48<br/>
</b><br/>
The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> is one of the biggest regular battle barges you’ve ever seen. It’s defensive shields and hull have protected it in entire protracted planetary sieges while under near constant bombardment. It is this which saves it now, protecting it as it charges forward as a bulwark, the strike cruisers shifting forward next to it while the escorts trailed behind. Lance blasts from the nova frigates slice holes into the enemy kroozers, while a single launched bombardment shell strikes against another kill kroozer and obliterates it instantly.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Naval Regrouping: 28<br/>
Greenskin Assaults: 93<br/>
Lost Rosetta Boarding Teams: 53<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet Assault: 65<br/>
</b><br/>
While the Chapter does its best, and fires off many a shell, the distance is just too great for true damage to be done just yet. Minor damage is inflicted by the lance weaponry you have on hand, and while a few more salvos of bombardment shells and torpedos are shot out, the insane maneuvering of the orks keeps them from suffering much at all. Instead, it is the original Imperial Navy attachment which was sent in the first place that suffers the most, more and more of their ships being rammed, boarded, or shot apart. In one particularly unfortunate lunar-class cruiser, all three occur at once. The Navy ships that overshot spend all of their efforts on actually getting to the fight itself, meaning that in that time even more damage is taken.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Naval Regrouping: 8<br/>
Greenskin Assaults: 42<br/>
Lost Rosetta Boarding Teams: 90<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet Assault: 74</b><br/>
<br/>
Desperate to get away, the will and nerve of the few captains remaining drives the surrounded ships to try and flee. But even that fails, as they struggle to link up with the incoming ships who are already unleashing their own salvos. At the least, however, the Blood Ravens are able to push forward truly, and smash forward into the enemy formations. The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> rumbles throughout the hull as drop pods go flying out, crashing into the larger enemy ships, while thunderhawks begin flying out of their bays to drop bombs or transport other marines into gaping holes in the vessels of the enemy. In addition, two more ships are transformed into shattered molten ruins by bombardment shells striking them across unarmored bows.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================<br/>
<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Krarg Deflecting: 61<br/>
Margaret Flurry: 100</b><br/>
<br/>
"Kaptin! Kaptin we'ze got a...uh...," the ork slowed to a stop as it entered the thoroughly ruined bridge.<br/>
<br/>
All across it, the bodies of the slain lay where they had fallen, human and xeno alike. At the front of the bridge however, near the steering wheel, the self-styled Supa-Kaptin Krarg bellowed as his swung his power klaw back and forth at a wildly dodging woman whose entire armor seemed to have been set aflame. Various ork crew members, the effective equivalent of nobs amongst the Freebooters, grappled and fought in deathly hand-to-hand combat against wild women who wore little but the massive chainswords they bore. All around the bridge there was fire and smoke, sparks shooting endlessly out of the broken machinery all about the place. Celestials garbed in holy and yet terribly scuffed armors fired at others, with bolter shell and gouts of flamers, but it was their leader who fought Krarg himself. Once pristine armor had been splattered with a mixture of red and black on top of the paint, with blood from a hundred sources and the soot from the flames which filled the ship, while Krarg himself was losing chunks of his own body and armor with each of her wild swinging punches. As the ork stared, stupefied a passing celestial with a power sword in one hand and a bolt pistol in the other slaughtered him. Even so, yet more orks came, attracted to the sound of battle, demanding the attention of almost every sister of battle left alive.<br/>
<br/>
"You iz one <i>big</i> pain in my keister, lady!" Krarg roared, tusks and teeth splattering on the ground after a punch which tore apart the left of his jutting chin.<br/>
<br/>
"Emperor damn you to hell, <i>die</i> already!" Margaret growled, spitting blood from her lips.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Krarg Momentum Reversal: 2<br/>
Margaret Counter: 13</b><br/>
<br/>
A punch missed, slamming into some long-broken and smoking console or another, while Krarg's power klaw discharged its own field on the ground next to the Canoness in a near miss. Margaret slammed her power-armor garbed elbow into the bloodied side of the ork Kaptin, before shoving her flamefist upwards and triggering a blast of flame directly into the open and bellowing maw of Krarg. The ork's resulting roar was transformed into a pained cough and gurgle, the soft tissues within suddenly filled with flame and charred flesh. Even then, the ork did not fall, slamming the side of his massive shoota into her side, cracking the armor further and some bones within besides, but only gained an oath to the Emperor for his troubles.<br/>
<br/>
"GET! OFF! ME! SHIP!" Krarg snarled, each word punctuated with a slam of his power klaw, each barely dodged, each leaving craters in the floor of the thoroughly ruined bridge.<br/>
<br/>
"YOU! FIRST!" Margaret screamed back.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Krarg Killing Blow Attempt: 80<br/>
Margaret Killing Blow Attempt: 98</b><br/>
<br/>
Both fighters, screaming obscenities to their chosen deities, attacked at the same time. No defense was given, no counter attempted. Only every iota of strength and energy remaining in their frames channeled into a final blow. Bolter shells raked across Margaret's front, tearing her armor even further and obliterating ancient purity seals, while a continual blast of flamer outright melted the left half of Krarg's face down to the skull. One fist snapped out, powerfield striking powerfield, and the ork's power klaw exploded. Shrapnel flew, scoring hits across both of their bodies, while the limb within the power klaw was rent to pieces. Another final desperate finger on the trigger sent one further bolter shell into Margaret's shoulder, twisting the whole of her body with the force, before her outstretched right hand struck the blackened and exposed portions of Krarg's skull...and went through. The so-called Supa-Kaptin's eye twitched, managing to glance at the fist and forearm planted in his skull before the flamer burst triggered inside of it. Fire erupted from behind the ork's eye, melting out the eye instantly and spilling out from the nose.<br/>
<br/>
With a wrenching pull and twist, Margaret dragged the corpse aside, all the while blinking rapidly to clear the blood from her eyes only to give it up for a fools game as the cuts on her face and forehead continued to bleed.<br/>
<br/>
"Sound off!" Margaret screamed, her voice ragged.<br/>
<br/>
"Celestian Squad Stands! Four casualties, one fatality. It was Sister Cecilia, Canoness," came the response through the smoke-clogged bridge, the voice loud and exultant despite everything.<br/>
<br/>
"Repentia-7 Stands," another voice came from behind Margaret, this time acidic and reedy. "Four sinners still live, of ten."<br/>
<br/>
"Aquila-4 Stands," a much younger voice, then, the zealotry blazing in the young woman's throat, "Six of us, of ten. Three have ascended to the God-Emperor's side, one will require medical aid."<br/>
<br/>
"Then give it," Margaret grunted, "And if she expires...then she will have died doing the Emperor's work."<br/>
<br/>
The Canoness threw the dead Kaptin further aside as she put her hands upon the ridiculously primitive steering wheel, somehow wired to the entire ship through orkish techno-heresy. Giving it an experimental tug and pull, the blazing vessel groaned and leaned...but in the direction she'd directed. Spitting up another small amount of blood and phlegm, Margaret tossed her head, and squinted through her own blood at the barely functioning tactical map. Once a proud piece of human technology, she could tell, only to have suffered such impossible indignities under orkish hands. And, once again, she saw the symbols upon it. A snarl reached her lips at the sight of so many dead Imperial Navy ships in the water, while a sneer replaced it upon seeing the close presence of so many mutant heretics bearing the garb of space marines. It was one, however, that was larger than any other. And it sat at the center of the formation, methodically blasting out broadsides of lance weaponry.<br/>
<br/>
"There you are..."<br/>
<br/>
Margaret raised one fist, and then slammed it down on the idiotically massive red button sitting just next to the steering wheel - which almost appeared to have been teleported from a primitive world's wooden nautical vessels - and the whole of the burning ship accelerated. Only orks would ensure that the engines worked even in such heavily damaged conditions. Only orks would want their ships to be capable of getting to grips with another enemy ship even in its death throes. It was that which signified just one of the infinite differences between holy humanity and their despicable race. But it was enough. It didn't matter what the ship had been called by the orks, or what it might have been long ago before being transformed into...<i>this</i>.<br/>
<br/>
"May the Emperor's work be done," she murmured before turning around to face her sisters.<br/>
<br/>
"Let us pray to the God-Emperor!"<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">==========================​</div> <br/>
<b>Navy Group 1 Fleeing: 73<br/>
Navy Group 2 Assault: 100<br/>
Greenskin Defensive Posture: 42<br/>
Rosetta Ramming: 96<br/>
Rosetta Boarding: 80<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet Pushing Through: 85<br/>
</b><br/>
It is too much, for some of the Imperials at least. Their warp drives spin up, and they are forced to flee. Some of the serfs call them cowards beneath their breath, but you know better. Those men and women were battered from all sides by the xeno, and torn to shreds. Their wills have broken, in this moment, and punishments will likely be handed out to lethal extent. But better that they preserve their ships, valuable as they are, for more worthy crews. Every loss of a battleship and battlecruiser is takes a long, long time to replace. As the shattered remains of the first Navy ships sent here warp out, the ships which accompanied your forces to Greenkrump <i>finally</i> arrive.<br/>
<br/>
Their fury is made manifest. While the Overlord-class battlecruisers are not full battleships, their lance weaponry is highly powered enough to pierce the hulls of many an ork vessel. Floods of attack craft swarm out from the various carrier vessels amongst the Imperial fleet, a hundred bombing runs each tearing apart their smaller attack ships. Weapons emplacements along their larger vessels are reduced to slag, before the ships themselves are shorn to pieces by the close-range weaponry of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company’s fleet. Reports bark out from returning boarding teams, reactors detonated and crews slaughtered in ship to ship as they are driven from place to place within Thunderhawks or drop pod assaults.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, the ship that the Lost Rosetta boarded, look!!” Apollo points at the ship in question.<br/>
<br/>
As you watch, upon the tactical map the projection signifying the boarded hammer battlekroozer of which more appears to be on fire than is not, somehow, shoots forward of its own accord. The rest of the ships which fled from Greenkrump are almost all destroyed, save for that last vessel. But instead of charging towards one of your own ships or that of the Imperial Navy in some suicidal last ramming attack – something of which the Librarius has spoken of before – it heads directly for the Apocalypse-class battleship which sits at the center of the orkish formation. Even as the ship begins its death throes, the damage it has sustained clearly too much for prolonged existence, it approaches and <i>slams</i> into the side of the battleship, breaking void shields and hull in equal measure. A great amount of open cracks are rent open in the side of the ship, spinning it slightly on sheer momentum and removing the danger of its lance broadsides temporarily, while dozens of orkish boarding pods are noted by auspex scans to be flying directly into the breaches opened.<br/>
<br/>
And then the battlekroozer explodes, signifying the end of every ork ship that had originally taken Greenkrump.<br/>
<br/>
“I think…that these Sororitas…may be insane,” Apollo slowly says, staring at the tactical map and the sudden chaos that has ensued as the orks register that their flagship is under assault.<br/>
<br/>
“They are merely dedicated to their service to the Emperor,” is Hannibals rebuttal.<br/>
<br/>
Even so. You can feel it…that this is all coming to a head. The orks are <i>all</i> here. While the Navy is embattled, the battle has yet to truly be decided just yet. There is no time to call in the ships of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, or those of the other Imperial Navy that were left across the system. Not truly, when the battle can be brought to an end here and now. And it is the Sororitas which have given you the opportunity. The rippling destruction caused by their open usage of an orkish vessel against what was once in human hands has created openings. The void shields are broken, the hull ripped asunder in the bow. Here, now, this can <i>end</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“Close-range sensor readings have confirmed!” another serf speaks out, drawing your attention, his voice almost childishly exited. “That kroozer, there…its signature is that of a true strike cruiser! I cannot tell the heraldry, but it <i>is</i> a strike cruiser!”<br/>
<br/>
The starship in question is highlighted upon the tactical map, and the desire for it burns like a small flame in your heart. So much of the Chapter’s fleet was destroyed in the Purge…the chance to rebuild it is certainly a valuable one. At the same time…dangerous. As the Navy continues in its movements, the danger is that it will be destroyed, more likely than not. Seeing their fellows so badly slaughtered means that if you do not take action that not only will it be lost, but so too likely will the other former Imperial ships.<br/>
<br/>
Unless.<br/>
<br/>
Unless you can oust the orks from the critical systems, and hold the ships against their greenskin masters. Unlike with normal ork ships, you <i>know</i> where the various control systems are for the vessels, where critical points for control are. If you can reclaim them for humanity, rather than have them be destroyed...<br/>
<br/>
At the same time, it would be that much riskier, that much more dangerous for every space marine you send. Success could just as easily be bought, however, if you let their destruction go through. Easier, in fact, and with far less danger to the lives of the Chapter, limited as they so very much are.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Stage 2 Theater Results:</u><br/>
Greenkrump Ork Fleet Destroyed/Fled To Spinesnap.<br/>
Order Of Lost Rosetta Exited Greenkrump Battlefield On Ork Ships.<br/>
Greenkrump Imperial Guard Sustained Moderate Casualties. <br/>
--------<br/>
Shinehole Tunnels 45% Cleared.<br/>
Significant Imperial Presence In ‘Shinehole Loot Piles’ Noted.<br/>
Shinehole Ork Leader Remains Unknown.<br/>
Notable Imperial Guard Casualties On Shinehole.<br/>
No Blood Raven Casualties Taken On Shinehole.<br/>
2 Power Axes Recovered.<br/>
3 Plasma Cannons Recovered.<br/>
1 Multi-Melta Recovered.<br/>
------<br/>
Dustboom <br/>
Multiple Dustboom Ork Vehicle Formations Destroyed. <br/>
Multiple Stompas and Deff Dreads Destroyed.<br/>
Imperial Guard Casualties Middling.<br/>
No Blood Raven Casualties Taken. <br/>
4 Total Space Marine Predator Wrecks Recovered From Ork Hands. Condition Critical For All. Repair May Be Possible.<br/>
Mekboss Killdakka's Workshop Hunt Now Underway By Imperial Guard. <br/>
Dustboom Orbital Guns Now Heavily Exposed.<br/>
-------<br/>
Supa-Kaptin Krarg (Blood Axes) Dead Over Spinesnap.<br/>
Spinesnap Ork Fleet Workshops Confirmed! <br/>
Large Amount Of Imperial Navy Ships Forced To Flee Into Warp, Sustained Extreme Casualties! <br/>
Order Of Lost Rosetta Have Boarded Bonebreaka's Flagship!<br/>
Strike Cruiser Hull Identified Within Ork Fleet! Reclamation May Be Possible!<br/>
Bonebreaka's Flagship Has Sustained Breach In Bow! Void Shields And Point Defenses Offline In Breach Area!</b><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Known Naval Presences Across System</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Greenkrump</b><br/>
- 1 Lunar-class Cruiser<br/>
- 6 Escorts (x2 Cobra, x3 Sword)<br/>
- 2 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
- 3 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 4 Escorts (x3 Firestorm, x1 Cobra)<br/>
- 4 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
- 3 Looted Battleships (x1 Retribution-class, x1 Oberon-class, x1 Apocalypse-class [Flagship Vessel])<br/>
- 1 Ork ‘Battleship’<br/>
- 3 Looted Battlecruisers (x2 Overlord-class, x1 Mars-class)<br/>
- 7 Kill Kroozers [<b>Strike Cruiser Hull Confirmed As One Kill Kroozer</b>]<br/>
- 5 Onslaught Attack Ships, 2 Terror Ships<br/>
vs.<br/>
- 1 Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
- 5 Dictator-class Cruisers<br/>
- 7 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 15 Escorts (x7 Cobra, x3 Sword, x5 Firestorm)<br/>
- 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
- 3 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
- 4th Company Fleet<br/>
<br/>
<b>Location Unknown, Fled Into Warp</b><br/>
- 1 Emperor-class Battleship<br/>
- 1 Overlord Battlecruiser<br/>
- 1 Lunar-class Cruiser<br/>
- 3 Escorts (x3 Firestorm)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Current Plans For Stage Three Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One/Do Not <i>Need</i> To Select Every One]:<br/>
(No Time To Transmit New Orders To 4th Fleet Or 4th Company! Said Groups Will Continue With Previous Orders)</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Shinehole Void Combat</b><br/>
[] Let Them Die: You cannot risk your brothers lives needlessly. Attempting to force boarding and capturing of the various looted Imperial vessels, even to reclaim them for the use of the Imperium, will most certainly cost lives. Potentially many, depending on how many orks yet live on those ships. Allow the Imperial Navy to take its due from the orks, and while it may sting to see so many ships go blasted into the void, at least it will be alongside the deaths of their xeno crews. The loss of a potential strike cruiser will be a great one, but how much worth can a single ship be, compared to the lives of the veterans of the 1st Company who might be lost taking it? Perhaps if the Chapter was not on the brink of extinction, but it is.<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Take The Risk: Bonebreaka is <i>there</i>, on that ship. An Apocalypse-class Battleship is an incredibly powerful vessel, capable of full lance broadsides. A vast boon to the Imperial Navy if reclaimed for their purposes. In truth, that goes for all of the ships yet remaining. Especially considering the casualties that the Navy has taken in this battle. Each one reclaimed would be a great aid to them, for while smaller escort vessels and lunar cruisers can be built anew, it takes a great amount of resources to replace entire battlecruisers and battleships. Not to mention, the chance to reclaim a strike cruiser for the Chapter, away from ork hands? That alone could vastly improve the capabilities of any of your Chapter's fleets. It will be hard fought, but victory if won would be quite valuable indeed. If you can just get the <i>guns</i> off line on many of these ships, the Navy will be able to crush the rest of the ork ships and add their own boarding ships to the fight! But only if you can board and successfully assault the enemy positions within these ships. If your forces take too <i>long</i>, however, then that means Navy ships will likely be destroyed as they try to hold off. Or, worse, they go forward and attack the ships with your brothers on them.<br/>
-[] Looted <a class="link link--external" href="http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/Apocalypse-class_Battleship" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Apocalypse-class Battleship</a> [Flagship Vessel] (Hundreds of Adeptas Sororitas of the Order of the Lost Rosetta Present, Precise Location Unknown) (Bow of Vessel Exposed, No Void Shields/Point Defenses)<br/>
-[] Looted <a class="link link--external" href="http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/Retribution-class_Battleship" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Retribution-class Battleship</a><br/>
-[] Looted <a class="link link--external" href="http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/Oberon-class_Battleship" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Oberon-class Battleship</a><br/>
-[] Looted <a class="link link--external" href="http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/Overlord-class_Battlecruiser" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Overlord-class Battlecruiser</a><br/>
-[] Looted Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
-[] Looted <a class="link link--external" href="http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/Mars-class_Battlecruiser" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Mars-class Battlecruiser</a><br/>
-[] Looted Strike Cruiser Boarding And Reclamation - The orkish kill kroozers are being winnowed down at speed by the vengeful Navy. If you are going to reclaim the ship, it will have to be done fast, especially to reclaim the vital systems and thus remove the need for its destruction. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Something Else: (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>GM Note: <i><u>IF</u></i> the option to try to reclaim is selected, I've put in links. The links are to the pages of the ships in question. You may wish to review them to think about what resources should be allocated to reclaiming them based on what capabilities they have/what they could contribute to the Imperium if recaptured.</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">====================================================<br/>​</div><b>Citadel A Assault Force vs. Ork Defenders<br/>
73 vs. 19<br/>
</b><br/>
When the first whirlwind barrage arrived, the orks didn’t know what to think. They had heard of the explosions, some had even fled from across ‘Da Green Wurld’ to the ‘Fight Place’, but that was fire from the skies. Here, well, it was fire from the skies again but different at the same time. Regardless, towers collapsed on the outskirts of the perimeter defenses, grots and squigs bounding about found themselves squashed and turned to pulp on the treads of a land raider, while heavy bolters began to tear into the greenskins as they turned and charged. There were, for once, enough of them to actually reach the vehicles of the interlopers, but not enough to kill those who walked with them. At their head marched a helmeted one, yet it was obvious by how all deferred to him, a bolter booming in his hands.<br/>
<br/>
“Do not ever underestimate the enemy, brothers, but bring them death all the same!” Tarkus called out.<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, methodically, the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and its many vehicle attendants ground down the citadel and its defenders, until by the end the orks who had been so sure of a true and final victory over the entire world, were dead or gone.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Citadel B Bombing<br/>
43! Major targets not destroyed. <br/>
</b><br/>
The orks <i>were</i> capable of learning, of course. They did so now. When the thunderhawks arrived over the vast pens of the enemy, they transmitted images of emptied cages. The largest of their targets, the Orkeosaurus, had been pushed into the concealing canopy of the jungle itself, and while the various structures themselves were destroyed, a great many of squiggoths had disappeared. Squigs were burned in their thousands by the bombs, true, and a few trainers still remained to be killed. Unfortunately, the truth of the matter is that the orks have fled into their jungle, and more concentrated searching will have to be done to find them, even with auspex scanning.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Citadel C Assault Force vs. Ork Defenders<br/>
66 vs. 11<br/>
</b><br/>
“Report, scout,” Cyrus grunted as he pored over the maps of the area, both that of their own orbital scans and what the locals had painstakingly crafted over time.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Captain,” the scout sergeant saluted. “It was as you suspected. When we detonated a large amount of explosives in the center of the camp, the orks began to emerge from the jungle and charge into the plateau. If we had attacked with a large force, we would have been surrounded upon taking the center – and possibly overwhelmed.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmph. How did your squads do?”<br/>
<br/>
“Well enough. Enemy leaders killed, chaos taken advantage of, grenades amongst larger groups where a long-range and clear shot cannot be made…though they could use a bit more steel in their spines, yet.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus nodded, but did not lift his gaze from the maps.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b><u>Stage 2 Trontiux III Results</u></b>​</div><b>Citadel A: Completely destroyed, orks slain or fled into the jungles. Zero casualties. <br/>
Citadel B: Multiple squiggoths and single Orkeosaurus gone from Citadel B, location currently unknown!<br/>
Citadel C: Ork ambush attempt dismantled, defeated. Citadel C retaken.<br/>
Ork Warboss location and identity remains unknown! <br/>
Black Archipelago remains under ork control.<br/>
Orks from Pacemen continue to cross Black Archipelago!<br/>
4 Scouts [1st Stage] Injured At Citadel C, Will Be Healed By End Of Next Stage!</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Current Plans For Stage Three Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One]:</b>​</div><b>Petramis</b>:<br/>
[] Continued Culling - Orks still teem within the jungles, despite your efforts. A continuous and concerted effort will be required to properly cull them. The bloody work must continue. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
[] A Most Dangerous Game - The Orkeosaurus and multiple squiggoths have escaped into the jungle. If left without prevention, it is completely unknown what they might do, from remain hidden, attacking a citadel-city, or even going after the Black Archipelago to escape to Pacemen. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Black Archipelago:</b><br/>
[] Take And Hold - From the skies, rain down destruction upon the various bridges connecting the islands and continents, and then deliver drop pods amongst the islands to scourge them of the greenskins upon them. In this manner, this vital choke-point between the two continents can be defended, potentially reinforced, and allow the feudal humans a way to strike back in the future. Just as well, fortifications built upon these islands will ensure that the orks will have a visible target to attack, and thus to die against. With the sheer damage dealt to Pacemen, many orks are fleeing across the Black Archipelago to get over to Petramis. This will mean that taking and holding the islands will be notably more difficult, by sheer numbers if nothing else. [Write-In Forces Contributed To This Action]<br/>
[] Obliteration - For too long has the Black Archipelago provided a passage point for the orks to arrive in Petramis. It must be dealt with, and here there is no worry of catastrophic geological damage. Initiate continual orbital bombardment and burn these islands out of existence. In the future, it will require that the orks travel to Petramis by sea, and there will be no main central funnel for them to travel across meaning that their arrivals would be more spread out, but in the immediate moment this will greatly aid in the current culling of the orks. The people of the world can adapt to the circumstances later on, with a hopefully much reduced orkish population. <b>Black Archipelago destroyed. Orks will require alternate passage to arrive on Petramis in the future. </b><br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pacemen</b><br/>
[] Fear The Skies - Every major settlement and base has been destroyed by this point, their breeding grounds brought to ruin. However, plenty of orks remain here, either trying to put out the fires raging across the jungle or heading across the Black Archipelago. Those that remain must be killed as well. This is not merely a push back against the orks here. No. This is a culling! Besides which, the Black Archipelago could only sustain light orbital bombardment before collapsing, and enough has been said about the certain side-effects to Petramis as well. Here, the ships can continue to fire.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)</div>
  </body>
</html>