<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part One): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part One): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan: Terminator Stockpile Forge Upgrade</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>[X] Plan Terminator Stockpile Forge Upgrade</b><br/>
<br/>
-[X] Lead Your Chapter<br/>
--[X] Assign 25 New Battle Brothers To Companies<br/>
---[X] 11 to 4th<br/>
---[X] 14 to 5th<br/>
--[X] Assign Epistolary Nero Achillian To 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Assign Tomb-Brothers Relian and Aeneas to the 4th company<br/>
--[X] Assign 10 members of the 1st Company as Veteran sergeants to the 4th (5) and 5th (5)<br/>
--[X] Use 1 Minor Favor to gain 8 Thunderhawks (6 gunships, 2 transporter) from Governor Derosa.<br/>
<br/>
--[X] Zemel Continuation - Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos + Honor Guard, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, 1st Company + Company Leadership, 1st Fleet. Vehicles assigned as requested by Company/Chapter leadership, after 10th Company selection.<br/>
---[X] Have Librarius support divine where Blood Ravens can do the most good and locations of wargear or vehicles left available for reclamation, biasing towards Space Marine usable equipment.<br/>
<br/>
--[X] Slaughra Swarm Sabotage (Genestealer-Affliliated) - 10th Fleet, 10th Company + Company Leadership. 1st pick of necessary vehicles as requested by Company leadership.<br/>
---[X] Have Trajan Maphar + Librarius support divine for the best opportunities to gain necessary intelligence or perform sabotage.<br/>
<br/>
--[X] Terminator Exchange<br/>
---[X] 5th Company squad + Epistolary Damion Tyrin + 2 Lexicani + Chaplain (equipment protection)<br/>
---[X] 4th Company squad + Codicier + Apothecary Caesar + Chaplain + Tomb-Brother Relian<br/>
---[X] 4th Company squad + Epistolary Nero Achillian + Apothecary + Chaplain Ateren<br/>
---[X] 4th Company squad + Codicier + Apothecary + Chaplain Uther Volkoss<br/>
---[X] 4th Company squad + Codicier + Apothecary + Chaplain Ravias + Tomb-Brother Aeneas<br/>
---[X] 4th Company squad + Codicier + Apothecary + Chaplain + Captain Hadrian Priscus<br/>
---[X] 5th Company squad + Codicier + Apothecary Medici + Chaplain + Tomb-Brother-Captain Davian Thule<br/>
---[X] 5th Company squad + Codicier + Apothecary + Chaplain Antonius + Tomb-Brother Nathan<br/>
---[X] 5th Company squad + Codicier + Apothecary + Chaplain + Company Champion Kaius Jacobus<br/>
---[X] 5th Company squad + Codicier + Chaplain Tarion + Captain Tarkus Varianus<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Training<br/>
--[X] Angelos: Weapon Skill with Apollo Diomedes<br/>
--[X] Chapter Main: Weapon Skill with Apollo Diomedes<br/>
--[X] Chapter Secondary: Ballistic Skill with Hadrian<br/>
--[X] Chapter Secondary: Strength with Hannibal Palrun<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (147 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
--[X] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. - 55 Gene-Seed<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Chief Librarian<br/>
--[X] 2x The Raven's Aegis [100 BP]<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Forge [525 BP Total]<br/>
--[X] 12x Psychic Hoods [120 BP]<br/>
--[X] 2x Tarantula Sentry Gun [Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter] [20 BP]<br/>
--[X] 2x Tarantula Sentry Gun [Twin-Linked Lascannons] [20 BP]<br/>
--[X] 2x Tarantula Sentry Gun [Hyperion AA] [20 BP]<br/>
--[X] 2x Tarantula Sentry Gun [Twin-Linked Assault Cannons] [20 BP]<br/>
--[X] Relic Construction<br/>
---[X] Scout Armor for Cyrus Octavius [20 BP]<br/>
--[X] Construct Forge Facilities On The Faith's Horizon [248 BP]<br/>
--[X] Construct Forge Facilities On The Howling Hatred [7 BP]<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Master of Recruits<br/>
--[X] Train the 10th against the Slaughra</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> 045.M42 To 050.M42</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>55 Implanted For Test-Slave Harvest In 040.M42. Harvest At Beginning Of Turn 22. Harvest = 100 Gene-Seed Harvested. Nearly Harvest! Remainder Unviable For Implantation</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">147 Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 140 To Scouts [1st Stage], <b>Remainder Expired. +12 Gene-Seed Reclaimed.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b> Warning: Scouts Exceed Scout Armor Supply By 20, 82 Scouts Exceedingly Vulnerable During Operations. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5 Scouts [1st Stage] Manifest Psyker Talents Upon Gene-Seed Implantation, Seconded To Librarius as Lexicanum. <b>-5 Scouts [1st Stage], +5 Lexicanum</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">23 Scouts [1st Stage] Advance: 23 To Scouts [2nd Stage].</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20 Scouts [2nd Stage] Advance: 20 To Full Battle Brothers.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">11 Unassigned Battle Brothers Dedicated To 4th Company.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">14 Unassigned Battle Brothers Dedicated To 5th Company.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 1st Company Veterans Dedicated to 4th/5th Companies as Veteran Sergeants (5 Each)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Minor Favor (Derosa) Used: 8 Thunderhawks (x6 gunships, x2 transporter)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 661+14+Apollo(29)=704/800]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill 4 To 5: 360+7+Apollo(29)=396/500]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Strength 4 To 5: 43+28+Hannibal(25)=96/500]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill 5 to 6: 258+31+Hadrian(25)=314/600]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>3</b> Techmarine Trainees Return From Mars as fully ordained Techmarines!</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">+1 Minor Favor (Derosa): Details In Post</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">-1 Deathwatch Marine, 5th Company, Tremendously Injured! Dreadnought Installation Required For Survival. <b>Gene-Seed Unrecoverable</b>.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">-1 Deathwatch Veteran Marine, 5th Company. <b>Gene-Seed Unrecoverable</b>.</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
On the world once known as Shinehole, you can see the efforts of the Imperium bearing fruit already. A great number of the tunnels have been completely cleared out, fortified, and settled by transplanted folk who shall live and die here as miners. The many valuable mineral resources of this planet shall be put to good use by the Imperium, and here beneath the earth, they shall be well shielded from the deadly radiation that blasts this largely atmosphere-less planet. With the addition of a few cavern-based radiation shields and oxygen production through machinery and plant-life, these people shall be able to bring much bounty indeed. Especially now that you have assisted in the destruction of the last few remnants of the greenskins within the tunnels. They are stubborn xenos, to be sure, but they are completely broken here, and they know it. No more Warbosses rise, and their nobs are smaller and smaller as the fighting goes on, until it is over and done with. Smaller grots and gretchin are hunted down by tracker machines of the Mechanicus, the psychic powers of your librarians and the Guard's own sanctioned psykers, with heavy flamer cleansing over their breeding grounds. When you exit the tunnels you receive further news, that of the world of Palmyra, once known as Spinesnap. The Order of the Lost Rosetta might have burned two thirds of the planetary jungle down, but one cannot really argue with the results. The orks of the world have been fully broken, scattered, and for the most part exterminated.<br/>
<br/>
Zemel may never be utterly and totally free of the ork for generations more, but your work here, as well as that of the Lost Rosetta, Guard, and Navy have ensured that humanity shall have a fair chance here. Which is more than can be said for many.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Polonius Results</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">1d2 = 2 = Shinehole/Aigai<br/>
82 = Significant victories, no casualties.<br/>
9= No wargear/vehicles salvageable.<br/>
Palmyra cleared out as a result of Order of the Lost Rosetta/Guard/Navy efforts.<br/>
Zemel Cleared! Further action declared superfluous, small Guard and Rosetta elements will remain behind for basic security procedures for the colonists.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center">====================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
"Has anyone seen Martellus?"<br/>
<br/>
"Ah...no, Master Calus," one of the newer techmarines shook their head. "We've been working in shifts to properly replicate the forge facilities onto the cleared berths within the-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Yes, yes, I'm aware," Calus waved them away. "That's fine with me."<br/>
<br/>
Covertly, and only after they'd left, did he dare to comm Daedal on a secure line.<br/>
<br/>
"He doesn't know. He's busy with the tarantulas, as you suspected."<br/>
<br/>
In a crackle of static, both techmarines sighed.<br/>
<br/>
"Good. Then he'll be too distracted to know about the-,"<br/>
<br/>
"WHAT IN THE NAME OF THE OMNISSIAH IS THIS?!" Martellus' voice exploded out of Daedal's side of the vox, and sent Calus to wincing at the same time from the feedback.<br/>
<br/>
Elsewhere, in another section of the forges entirely, the Master of the Forges loomed over Daedal. In one hand, he vigorously shook a slightly more artistically designed piece of scout armor, with some whorls upon the pauldrons. Other than that, there was little that was truly notable about the armor. Which was expected when it came to a mis-mixed alloy attempt, and a failed expenditure of circuitry and electrical systems.<br/>
<br/>
"It is..not what you wanted, yes," Daedal slowly spoke as he uncrouched, "But it was the best that could be done. Something went wrong with the heat, a minor tweak to the forges, and...well. Yes."<br/>
<br/>
"This is <i>not</i> going to Cyrus," Martelllus sighed, his fury abating as quickly as it had come, "We will simply have to tell him that there was a mistake, and we will try again some other time."<br/>
<br/>​</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Forge Results</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>x12 Psychic Hoods Built.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>x8 Tarantula Sentry Guns (x2 Heavy Bolter, x2 Lascannons, x2 Hyperion AA, x2 Assault Cannons)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>248 BP To Faith's Horizon Forge Construction: 500/500. +50 BP/Turn</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>7 BP To The Howling Hatred Forge Construction: 7/500</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Relic Scout Armor Crafted For Cyrus Octavius: 20 BP Cost. 1d100=10. Relic Creation Failure! +1 Scout Armor To Armory</b></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=======================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">"You have been most helpful, my friends, most helpful indeed," Theodosia boomed, her massive dreadnought-esque frame shaking with the volume.<br/>
<br/>
Heavy pneumatic steps herald her coming closer, and proffering a highly advanced assault claw, one which Tarkus knew could run with a tremendously advanced power field when activated properly, which was in turn shaken ever so carefully by Captain Thule. The good Captain had truly come to life over the years, the danger and damage caused by the potent Tyranid toxins gradually being excised over the years by the on-board systems and efforts of the forges and apothecarium. Tarkus did not smile at the sight of it, but did feel his hearts gladden at the sight. Despite being reduced, as some might consider, to a dreadnought frame, Captain Thule remained a potent ally and friend. The various tasks that had needed the dread touch of the Blood Ravens across this world were not necessarily the same as Kronus or a hundred other worlds or battles, but Tarkus knew that it would have taken a great number more of skitarii. In exchange for freeing up the resources of Aerus, in turn more power could be put towards the production of the precious Terminator Suits. The fact that Aerus could produce them, but Zerann could not, was a hearty boon indeed. In the past, every suit was to be jealously guarded and exceedingly rarely used. Whenever they were lost, great effort had to be put into reclaiming them. It was unlikely for that to change, but it was besides the point at the moment.<br/>
<br/>
"I wish the Omnissiah's blessings upon you, and to your Librarians as well," the Fabricator-General dipped her chassis slightly in a bow, "With their aid, we were able to isolate a great amount of scrap code and remaining taint and remove it from my world's flesh and forges. Go in peace, and may you bring much war to our enemies!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Excess of Librarians On Aerus Prevent Taint To Equipment Production, Assist In Removing Taint From Aerus. <br/>
Aerus Fully Purified!<br/>
x45 Terminator Armor (Indominatus-Pattern) Added To Armory.</b>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>=========================</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
"Did you even think about what would happen after you had me killed, Lord Byron?"<br/>
<br/>
Derosa's arched eyebrow had been feared before. But now, now it was far worse, for when she did so before the rest of the court she held there were five silent red and black specters who stood behind it. The threat of House Derosa's own forces were one thing, but far more than Vandis ever had exercised his relationship with Azariah Kyras did Derosa wield the Blood Ravens on Meridian. They were a scalpel against the cults that had been discretely allowed for fun and profit. They were a hammer to the Ganger Games, which had been previously allowed under Vandis to allow betting on the eternal warfare in the depths of the Underhive. Where they walked, the rumors quieted. Corruption - at the level it had been before - would no longer be tolerated. But now, after all this, the Lord Byron, whose family had owned one of the spires for generations, knew he had stepped too far. Every skirting, of course, but now as the rest of the court gasped and delighted in the intrigues, two of the Blood Ravens stomped forth. Derosa herself sat ramrod straight on her throne, one bearing the Imperial Aquila far higher and more proudly than Vandis' ever had, apparently uncaring of the blood which covered her dress or the exposed bone on her left forearm.<br/>
<br/>
"For your crimes, your corruption, your <i>idiocy</i>, and ordering the assassination of the God-Emperor's chosen Governor of this world, I sentence you to the hands of the Blood Ravens you sought to bury in the Underhive."<br/>
<br/>
Byron turned, and got as far as a single foot before his arms had been grabbed hard enough to tear at the skin and muscle.<br/>
<br/>
"No, no, Lady Governor, no, I see now the error of my ways, I was foolish and weak, please!" Byron's cries went very well heard, but not answered as he was dragged away, the rest of the Blood Ravens in the court slowly filtering out afterwards.<br/>
<br/>
More than a few lord and ladies strained their ears, and clapped in delight at the sound of a booming single bolter round just on the edge of their hearing.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Assassination Attempt On Governor Derosa Foiled By Talon Squad.<br/>
+1 Minor Favor From Governor Derosa!<br/>
Meridian Nobility Growing Unruly Against Derosa...?</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=======================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
"Behold," Justinius murmured, offering forth the talisman which glimmers with power, "The Raven's Aegis."<br/>
<br/>
It is shaped just as the crest of the Blood Ravens, completely black with a red center, and yet the whole of it radiates the strange power that your hammer possesses if...different slightly. Once installed upon the armor of whichever battle brother is elected to bear it, you know for a fact staring at it that they shall be protected well by the vagaries of the warp and dark sorcery. Perhaps not utterly immune, but certainly protected against most things. You know that such an item will be valuable indeed, for whoever is able to possess it. Or, you know, its twin. To hear Justinius tell it of course, the forging process of these twinned talismans nearly collapsed entirely, the energies and its interactions with his own psychic powers nearly turning to disaster or at the least failure and ruination of the materials used. The point of the matter is that he succeeded, though. It will be up to you to decide how they are applied now.<br/>
<br/>
<b>+2 Raven's Aegis (Powerful Anti-Daemon/Anti-Warp Effects On Bearer)<br/>
Added To Armor Tab Of Armory Post.</b>​</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">The Slaughra engineers exploded, along with the rest of the facility, with no warning given whatsoever. Cyrus slowly rose from beneath the camo-cloak which had been utterly coated with sand, a previously flat patch of the desert giving birth to the Captain of the 10th Company. The scouts, busy watching the tower collapse, spun and fired wildly at his approach, failing to strike him once. The entire squad whirled, searching for the one who had surprised them, only to find Cyrus standing before them, now silhouetted by the collapsing tower. A final burst of alien technosorcery burst out of it, black and purple lightning sparking, before the shield tower fell. A full mile of the desert ground was suddenly bereft of its protection, and with raucous cheers and a deafening blast of the god machines, a pair of warhound titans advanced, sprinting forward to scout the new area of enemy territory. The scouts stared up at him, bionic eye gleaming, before he gave them a single grunt.<br/>
<br/>
"Your situational awareness was lacking. Your explosive placements were...acceptable. Your next task is to infiltrate the enemy territory, and attack any and all supply dumps available. Do not fail the Chapter, scouts."<br/>
<br/>
And then he turned, and headed in. The scouts glanced at one another before scrambling after him. Few of them truly understood the boon that had been granted to them by Trajan Maphar's scrying rituals, but they did not question it. A tower falling here, a supply dump there, mines and detonation packs along this roadway, some nonsensically placed before the enemy would arrive far later, and others part of a greater bulk. The 10th Company followed their leader, and the alien suffered greatly for it. For too long had the Slaughra lived here, on worlds that should rightly be serving the Imperium's needs. The rich resources of the world, just barely tapped by the aliens who had evolved here, compared to elder worlds of the Imperium at least. Even when a full half of their civilization had been cut off by the warp storm a thousand years ago, they had continued to work on their own civilization, barely aware of the Imperium within whose borders they had been born. Worse, when the genestealer cult had taken control, they had worked instead to the dread purposes of the other. Better that they should be killed, in the here and now.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Polonius Results</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Libarius Scrying And Planning: 95<br/>
10th Company Operations: 88+Critical Success Of Librarius Efforts. Extremely significant victories. No casualties. </b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div> <br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] Assign 20 New Battle Brothers To Companies (Write-In Battle Brother Allotment)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Poloinus Reclamation Crusade - Crusade Assistance (Genestealer-Affliliated)</b>: Before the warp storm faded away, this was the only potion of the Slaughra Swarm known to be in existence. Inquisitorial information gathering has confirmed the presence of a genestealer cult in command of this portion of this xeno race. The Imperial Navy and Imperial Guard have invaded here in force, while the majority of the Swarm itself is weakened from the sudden rear assault. Busy as they are with their Chaos-aligned counterparts, they cannot properly engage the Guard's forces which have already landed on all five worlds they possess, including the capital. There are rumors of the Officio Assassinorum being responsible for the destruction of the Swarm's leading creatures, causing further disarray. The Knights of Trontiux and a Titan Legion are also present. For all of this, however, the Blood Ravens might send some further forces to aid in the fighting. [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>
[] <b>Polonius Reclamation Crusade - Slaughra Swarm Extermination (Chaos-Affiliated)</b>: A daemonworld for a capital, and four more worlds besides that are largely corrupted. They are now fully aware of the Imperium, who elected to go ahead with their planned invasion of their 'purer' cousins as they had planned for quite some time. In turn, the Blood Ravens and Order of the Lost Rosetta have been requested to head to the Z04Y System and make war against the forces of Chaos - xeno they may be - and ensure that when Sector Command is finished with one they can turn to the other. You will possess far less help here, and your only 'ally' will be the Lost Rosetta. However you do know that Canoness Margaret has returned from the Romana System with a mighty host drawn from all of the Order of the Lost Rosetta, and the Imperial Navy is dedicating a battlefleet to aid you in holding your positions. With the Swarm busy fighting with their own race, a great amount of their naval strength which would have otherwise made such an assault unfeasible has been expended. Of course, you don't <i>have</i> to do this, they Sector Command cannot actually order you to do this, but they strongly, strongly desire it. [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>
[] <b>Terminator Exchange</b>: Theodosia is willing to produce some Terminator Armor for you, having gotten those forges and designs online. But she will, one, require a full squad of marines with at least one psyker amongst them to safeguard the area - not that she doesn't trust the defenses and holy blessings of the Omnissiah, she just wants to ensure protection for your own equipment. And the hexagramic wards of the Blood Ravens should be especially valuable. Second, for each set of five terminator suits you desire built, she will require aid in other things, allowing her to free up production systems for what you desire. [1 Squad+Librarian Required To Help Oversee Production Whenever Selected. 1 Squad Required For Minor Favor Works In Exchange Per 5 Suits]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Toughness And Agility Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it <b>must</b> be specified that they do so.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (0Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (0 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The <i>Arcanum</i> may have the largest of our Apothecarium, but it is the <i>Potentia</i> that possesses the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (Choose One):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] The Raven's Talons: Justinius believes that it should be possible to craft weapons that would be highly effective against daemons and the malefic powers of the Warp itself, as <i>Godsplitter</i> is. With five usable shards taken from Wailing Doom of the Unknown Craftworld's Avatar of Khaine from Typhon Primaris, he believes he could make similar weapons. Whether another daemonhammer, a blade, axe, maul, or spear, he thinks it possible. [100 BP Per Raven Talon, Powerful Anti-Daemon Power Weapons, x5 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Weapon. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] The Raven Aegis: The powers of the Warp and the daemons of Chaos are things that you know for a fact the Blood Ravens will face in the future. Creating talismans which would protect against such things would be incredibly valuable indeed. Justinius' successful efforts at using the materials of the fallen Avatars of Khaine has made him believe it possible to create such things. [50 BP Per Raven Aegis, Powerful Anti-Daemon/Warp Protection Talisman. x8 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Talisman. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] A Personal Request: Justinius has proven to himself, and to you, that he is capable of manipulating the unique materials of the fallen Avatars of Khaine to produce powerful items. He wishes to produce one for himself, though he knows it is a somewhat selfish request to do so. It would be a boon to him, he knows, and would require the usage of one of the Avatar Shards currently available. [50 BP For Justinius Creation Attempt.  <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] Anti-Anti-Psyker Study: The Split Heart Kabal made strange xeno advances in the baffling, diffusing, and blocking of psyker powers and abilities. By making a study of such things, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens would be able to train its forces against such things, improving their ability to defeat such things in the future while providing an additional aid of likely effectiveness against the vile Eldar specifically. [Note: This will mean that all non-Company Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable</b> for other tasks for <b>2</b> turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
- The Chapter's greatest advantage was its Librarians. I know that they were used for...ill purpose in the past by Kyras, but I will not allow such a political character to be assigned to them ever again. We were meant for more than that. For the betterment of the Chapter, for its coming battles, and the maintenance of the <i>Sanctorium Arcanum,</i> we must rebuild our ranks, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (625 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Ships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The <i>Ravenous Spirit </i>[0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Spiraling Fury</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Burning Seeker</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Rage of Erudition</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>The Great Father's Fist</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Howling Hatred</i> [7/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [0/????]<br/>
[] Recovered Ultrafortress Predator Hulls Reconsecration And Repair – [235 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [5]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- Tremendous damage and desecration has been lambasted upon what we recovered from the orks of Bonebreaka’s WAAAGH!! They will require much work to remove the taint of the alien and reconsecrate, let alone repair. But if done, then the Chapter would benefit indeed.<br/>
- We should probably build more Tarantula turrets.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We have proven, now, our techmarine cadre to have the ability to properly construct the forges on our ships. We should continue this practice, for the Chapter is dangerously under-equipped compared to the strength it once possessed before the Purge.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Have we considered building more Tarantula turrets? Deploying them to aid our forces in the upcoming Crusade fighting would be most valuable indeed.<br/>
- Thank goodness the <i>Potentia</i> has returned to service. Amongst the rest of the ships within the Chapter Fleet, it possesses the most advanced forge facilities, as befitting its name. This will surely aid me in construction of more advanced technologies in the future, as well as their study!<br/>
- Our Chapter will remain low in number for quite some time yet. I believe that one of the best ways to alleviate such issues is the noble Tarantula turret.<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.</div>
  </body>
</html>