<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 16 Results - 2477.5</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 16 Results - 2477.5</h2>


Spoiler: Winning Vote



[*] Plan Much to Do Before Magistery
-[*] Free action: Bring in prospectors to search for minable metals (100+50 gc).
-[*] Free action: Investigate the farming possibilities of the land (50+25 gc for test crops).
-[*] Free action: Gun Shopping: You're currently using a pistol that was a spare for the pistoliers. Visit Nuln or Zhufbar to upgrade. (does not take an action; will trigger a subvote next turn for what type and how many; will cost 100-300 gc, don't take this just to window shop - this is committing to the purchase)
--[*] Zhufbar
-[*] Free Time: Now well-established in Wurtbad, you can spend some time in your scant off hours getting to know someone better. Pick one character.
--[*] Wilhelmina
-[*] Internalized Lessons: If you've been using a particular trait a fair bit in the last year, you can spend some time on it to internalize what you've learned and increase the trait (Stewardship).
-[*] There's always room for more shadow spells in your repertoire. Send off to the Grey College for the basics on one of the others and get started on trying to learn it.
--[*] Doppelganger
--[*] Shadowcloak
-[*] Enchantment: You're naturally talented at enchantment; so far, this just amounts to being able to make your desk meow for about an hour. See if you can improve on that, or at least figure out a way to make that useful.
-[*] Diggy Diggy Hole, Remixed: You're getting sick of having workmen tramping in and out of your abode. Recruit an entire team and personally oversee them to clear out all of the reachable portions of the Palace-Shrine and be done with it. (-100 gc)
--[*] Ranald's Blessing
-[*] The New Boss: Keep an ear to the ground, learning what you can of Roswita's actions and plans.



There's a great deal of work to be done, and luckily for you, money translates to work very simply. Money flows out to miners, to prospectors, to farmers, to natural philosophers, and closest to home, to a dozen men willing to live and work underground and surrender their memories of you in the end in exchange for thrice what they'd earn anywhere else. You pay careful attention to the workers, making sure they don't stray into any of the rooms in use and remain in their work areas, and they're sufficiently cowed by money and your close attention that they obey.

They clear out enough of the hallway to show you what you're working with: six former rooms, filled almost entirely with long-hardened mud, too soft for picks but too hard for shovels. Mounds of broken clay are carried up and out to be piled in the alleyway, to the equal amusement and annoyment of the cats that call it home. One of the rooms is written off when it's found that the ceiling has collapsed, and is filled back in with scree from the other rooms and bricked shut. To empty it of the dirt filling it would be to remove the foundations for whatever is built above, and having a house fall into your Sunken Palace would instantly ruin all the work you've put into keeping it secret.

Weeks pass of digging during the day and hauling scree to rented wagons at night as the rooms empty of the debris filling them, and eventually the long-hidden contents of some of those rooms are revealed.

[Rolls: 89, 11, 22, 94+20(Ranald's Blessing)=114, 70, 24. Five usable rooms; three loot rolls.]
[70: Rolling...]

Two of the rooms are empty, but three are interesting. One is, from all appearances, a former stable, which confirms that the Palace once stood at street level. The wooden carriages are long since rotted away to nothing and the skeleton of a horse that was uncovered is just depressing, but adjoining the stable is the long-lost workshop of a blacksmith, anvil and forge and a wall covered in hundreds of useful tools, implements and devices.

[89: Rolling...]

The second room is far less prosaic. Uncovering silver candles and fragments of stained glass gave you the hint that the room was once a chapel, but when the workers finally uncovered the altar the shocked oaths and murmured prayers drew you over immediately. The open jaws of a great silver shark greets your gaze, and you lift the idol free from the debris that encased it and almost stagger under the weight. Scrutiny of the scratches it already bears reveals it to be silver-coated iron rather than pure silver. Still valuable... at least, if you're willing to risk the wrath of Stromfels, the outlawed Shark God of Shipwrecks and Drowning, by further profaning what must have once been a shrine to him.

[114: Rolling...]

The last room is even more striking. The door, now that you pay more attention, was once reinforced with iron before time and moisture turned it to a few scraps of rust; that helps explains why a skeleton was found chained to one wall of the buried room. Once, this was a dungeon.

The skeleton yields scarce few clues as to its identity. What clothes it once wore are long since rotted away to nothing. There is one item that appears untouched by time, despite the raw iron it appears to be wrought from, and the Aqshy running through it is as much proof of its identity as the starburst of rubies mounted on the ring. Forged by the first of the Bright Wizards under Teclis for use in the Great War Against Chaos, capable of emitting great fireballs in the hands of the untrained and doing even more in the capable hands of a Bright Wizard; this is a Doomfire Ring.

---

The work is done soon after, the men more than happy to exchange their memories for a few gold coins apiece. You're left alone once more with four new rooms and one unwanted shrine to a forbidden God.

Meanwhile, work continues elsewhere, urged on by your outlay of coin. It is a fact of life that precious metal can buy just about anything, but it's a fact that takes a great deal of scrutiny to actually understand. Gold, unless one is a Gold Wizard, is mostly useless. It's shiny, sure, so it makes for nice jewellery and ornaments, but why does that mean that everything revolves around it? Steel, now steel is useful, and steel ingots would be a much more sensible medium of exchange... but also hideously unwieldy. Is that it? Is gold the medium for exchange just because it's rare enough that a single unit of it is light?

You observe the actions of the workers you hired, you observe the inner mechanisms of the EIC, you see over and over useful items and valuable labour exchanged for shiny metal. And then you look once more at a piece of that shiny metal, seeing not just the composition of it but the markings stamped upon it: a year, the familiar skeleton of Stirland's banner, and causing a clench of sadness in you, Abelhelm's name and his head in profile.

Not just any gold, but gold issued and guaranteed by the Empire...

[Studying Stewardship: Roll, Req 60, 76. +2 Stewardship]

---

You've always had a talent for enchantment. The first spell you cast was not the magical lights or telekinesis common to those that develop magic young, or the self-defensive magical backlash sadly common to those that develop it older; it was making your toy horse neigh. But with one thing or another, you've never had the time to refine your ability beyond that. There was always fires to put out and dire secrets to uncover and wars to be fought, no time for academia that wasn't of immediate benefit.

The circumstances are less than ideal, but now you have time.

Enchantment, you learned long after you had accidentally achieved it, is one of the more difficult of magical feats. Casting magic is simple - humans are naturally able to channel magic through their bodies, each wind of magic is naturally inclined to affect reality in a certain way, so all that's left to cast a magical spell is channelling the correct wind and in such a way that acting according to its nature has the desired effect. Outside, perhaps, of Chamon and the associated Lore of Metal, no type of magic naturally 'wants' to be bound into an object. The natural state of the winds of magic is either flowing freely through the air, gathering in certain places according to its nature, or flowing through those attuned to it. So enchantment requires one to overpower the very nature of the magic one wields and cramming it into an object it doesn't want to go into. One can make it easier for an object to hold magic - runes, appropriate components, preparatory rituals, and so on - but it's never easy.

To say nothing of Ulgu, the ephemeral wind of confusion and shadows, which by its nature is even more reluctant to be trapped in a static and unchanging form...

You begin with stones, taken from the cobbles on the streets above, worn smooth by the passage of ten thousand feet. Inherently shaped and tamed by human artifice, but constantly overlooked, you carve the rune of the Grey Wind into them and hope that they will serve as a vessel for Ulgu. And then, over painstaking hours, you begin to focus your will and channel wind into stone.

Days pass in mind-numbing concentration, and progress is gained an inch at a time as Ulgu lies trapped within the stone a little longer before breaking free once more and dissipating in a puff of smoke. As tedious as the work is, you refuse to let your concentration falter, even as days turn to weeks. Each day the Ulgu bends a little easier to your will. Each day the gap between you releasing your mental grasp on the stone and the Ulgu wriggling free lengthens. And finally, at long, long last, the day comes when it doesn't escape at all, so thoroughly cowed by your will it remains where it is placed, the nature of the wind leaking into the rock itself and turning it ever so slightly translucent when held up to a light.

It is the least of victories. But it is a step forward on a very valuable road.

[Studying Enchantment: Req 70, Learning, 42+18+10(workshop)+10(Enchanter)=80]

---

Other magical pursuits draw your attention. One of them is Shadowcloak, the deceptively subtle spell of enveloping oneself in shadows and making oneself significantly harder to see. The other is Doppelganger, to shroud oneself instead in illusion and imitate the appearance of another. Both among the most basic of the spells of Ulgu, both potentially incredibly useful.

Your personal envisioning of Ulgu is not of shadow, but of fog. Neither is more correct than the other; most spells deal with shadow, but elemental Ulgu is more commonly drawn to fog. So, after weeks of study and practice, when you finally perform Shadowcloak, it isn't so much the drawing of shadows to you but the summoning of mist to envelop you, rendering you slightly translucent rather than blending you into the shadows around you. In practice the difference is negligible, but you find it an interesting demonstration of the nature of magic.

Sadly, Doppelganger proves frustratingly elusive. It is easy enough to wrap your form in Ulgu - you did as much for Shadowcloak, and before that with Aethyric Armour - but to shape said magical energy until it changes your appearance is a leap you're unable to make, no matter how many times you carefully read through the scroll of instruction. You try and try until you become frustrated enough that trying any further would be dangerous, and then, sensibly, you put the scroll aside. You can come back to it later, with a fresh mind and outlook, and hopefully without the risk of miscasting due to being emotionally compromised.

On another note, with the scrolls came a note from your Master, hinting that soon you should either pursue advancement or find another way to serve the Empire. It's not quite a command, but it is a reminder that he has the ability to give that command, at least until you graduate from Journeywomanship, and that you are expected to at least metaphorically journey. But you still have some time before those nudges turn into shoves.

[Learning Shadowcloak: Req 60, 55+18=73]
[Learning Doppelganger: Req 60, 30+18=48]

---

"I've given notice," Wilhelmina says, over the extended working lunch that your Shareholder's meetings tend to turn into. "The Council had enough holes kicked in it, would have been bad if I had quit on the spot."

"Her own doing," you note, trying to keep bitterness out of your voice.

She nods. "That as may be, but I've long experience with putting up with unruly children who know a great deal less than they think they do. Might have been satisfying, but it would be Stirland that suffered for it."

You nod, conceding the point. "Schultz? Kasmir?"

[Rolling... 95]
[Rolling... 97]

"Schultz is staying on - the girl has some plan for reinforcing the bridge across the Drak, turning it into a memorial to her father. And Kasmir briefly reappeared. He apparently spent most of a year tending to the people of the town of Drakenhof, filling the spiritual void left by the necromancers and vampires. Searching for meaning, he said. Seems to have found it."

You swallow a hundred bitter comments. If Kasmir's made peace with Sigmar having failed Abelhelm, that's his business. Instead, you move on to an equally bitter topic. "And my... former position?"

[Rolling... 14]

"The Witch Hunter that was travelling with her has taken the job. Abelhelm kept that lot on a leash, but I worry that they've got her on one."

You say nothing directly, but your stomach twists at the ugly possibilities that that could lead to. You knew that Julia hadn't managed to claim your former job, but says she fancies her chances of staying on under the new regime. "What's her approach to the EIC?"

"She'll leave well enough alone as long as it keeps dropping money in her coffers. The campaign did real damage to the treasury, and refilling the ranks of the army will do even more."

You nod and look down at the paperwork scattered across the table. That's something, at least. With a free hand for this half of the year, Wilhelmina has been focusing on making sure her supply contracts with the Army of Stirland are iron-clad. You note that much of the EIC profits come from the treasury of Stirland in the first place, and smile a nasty little smile.

Then you see the logo of the EIC atop each piece of paper, and your smile fades. Three swords, it represented. And you're the only wielder of those swords still alive.

---

Through Wilhelmina, Julia, and word on the street, you piece together the rest of what Roswita has been up to. Despite dearly wanting to, you're unable to fault her priority: the securing of the gains her father paid for with his life. The Witch Hunters are moving in force into the secured portion of Sylvania to ensure that no necromancers remain.

The Chancellor's position remains as yet unfilled; on a related note, Anton, after a tearful farewell to you and extracting a promise that you'd stay in touch, has returned to Blutdorf to prepare to take up his ageing father's position as Baron.

[Minable minerals: 21]
[Farming Possibilities: 5]

Word comes back to you from those investigating your land for mineral wealth and farming possibilities; one figuratively barren and fruitless, the other literally. There appears to be no mineral wealth at all lurking under the thin topsoil of your land, and no plant can be persuaded to take root in it save for the hardy grass and scraggly bushes that the sheep and goats thrive upon. You had been watching them on and off through the months as part of your study into the mystery of gold's command over people, and you know they actually performed the work, so you're forced to accept their conclusion and thank them for their time.

Finally, as the year comes to a close, you make your way at last to Zhufbar. Your reputation gets you in the door, and that you're here to buy a gun garners approving nods, and you're shown through the workshops of a number of different dwarves, each at least five times your age and each eager to have crafted the firearm that ends up on your hip. You single out a number of designs for further consideration:

Marksdwarf's Pistol: This pistol is based on the tried and true single-shot design that still reigns supreme in the Empire, but both the firearm itself and the odd self-contained capsules of powder and ball are so finely built that the only restriction on accuracy is the wielder. It is currently missing the handle, for the simple reason that one will be built to match the wielder's hand when it is purchased.


Spoiler










Hand Blunderbuss: The brilliance of this design is not in the firing itself, but in the system of tubes and piping that absorbs the blast of the massive blackpowder charge, making recoil manageable with one hand. It fires anything that can be crammed down the barrel and does so without breaking the wielder's wrist.


Spoiler










Dwarven Revolver: Similar to the Repeater Pistols of Nuln, except instead of having eight separate barrels it has only one, and the chamber holding the balls revolves to line up with the one barrel instead.


Spoiler










Dwarven Pistol: A cutting-edge single-shot Dwarven design, this fires a massive, spiralling bullet with extreme velocity and decent accuracy.


Spoiler












Blacksmithing Tools:
[ ] Keep
[ ] Sell (+75 gc}

Shrine to Stromfels:
[ ] Sell the idol for its silver, tear down the altar and use the room for something else. (+150 gc, +1 room, ???)
[ ] Melt down the idol, cast it into a new one to Ranald, call in your priest friends to re-sanctify the room. (bonus to rolls and reduced cost to creating a second shrine to Ranald, either in your Estate or elsewhere, +1 room, ???)
[ ] Leave the idol on the altar and brick the room up. No sense taking risks.

Doomfire Ring:
[ ] Keep it.
[ ] Sell it (+??? gc).
[ ] Return it to the Bright College (???).

Pistol:
[ ] Marksdwarf's Pistol, 75 gc.
[ ] Hand Blunderbuss, 50 gc.
[ ] Dwarven Revolver, 125 gc.
[ ] Dwarven Pistol: 100 gc.

- To vote to purchase multiple guns, include them in one vote like so: [*] Dwarven Pistol and Dwarven Revolver or [*] 2x Dwarven Pistol.
- Ask any questions you have about what Roswita's up to, if it's the sort of information Mathilde can get I'll add it below.

Any big motivation speeches where she states her goal for the years to come? 
She isn't the bombastic type, and keeps everything compartmentalized. If there's a bigger picture she's keeping it to herself.

Her stance on Dwarves and Halflings? 
Neutral on the former. Somehow she got her hands on the amount of extra tax that would be coming in if the Moot was part of Stirland, so she's miffed at the latter.

How's new boss treating Julia? 
Fairly well, actually; he seems delighted to have a ready-made intelligence network dropped into his lap. Current orders are to expand into Nachthafen and Drakenhof.

Any changes to the watch?
No major changes yet, but information on identifying illicit magic-users has been distributed among them.

Does Roswita have any idea we're still in the city and if so where we are?
You've made no secret of the fact that you're still in Wurtbad, but absolutely nobody knows your address.

I take it she hasn't taken us up on our offer of correspondence?
Her silence is a pretty clear answer.

Any news on what's she's planning on doing to the newly liberated lands of Drakenhof and the Haunted Hills? Count's demesne or new/expanded vassals?
She's desperate for money to refill the treasury, and seems likely to create new counties or baronies to sell off.

Have we heard of any tidings from Gabriella? (That vampire noble lady)
Her name was on the list you gave your Master, and as such you were unsurprised that she up and disappeared. Succession is for Roswita to decide..

Is Haunted Hills land for sale? Can we invite the dwarfs to prospect it and how much would it cost? The goal is to buy out the best mineral spots for EIC.
It's not currently on the market, but likely will be soon, one way or another. You could spend four favours to do a surface survey of the entire Hills, though it'd only catch the very obvious stuff - it's a massive amount of land to cover and a proper survey of it all would take lifetimes.

Do we know anything about how/what Gustav is doing?
Trying to refill the ranks of the army as best he can with the treasury as pitifully low as it is.

Any significant shifts in military deployments?
No, they're remaining mostly concentrated on the frontier.

Any action been taken to replace the greatswords? If no, what bodyguards does she use when in public?
A new cohort is being raised in Altdorf for her.

Has Abelhelm had a funeral yet? Based upon a previous vote option ("attend the long-delayed funeral of Abelhelm") it was implied that one would be held after his successor's arrival.
If there was a funeral, and you assume there was, it was kept private.

Has she had any events/meetings with the various prominent nobles of Stirland, as we know?
No.

Any significant public efforts to restore Stirland's coffers as yet, either as reducing expenses or moneymaking initiatives?
Not yet, but it does look like she's going to be liquidating the Haunted Hills in one way or another.

Has she brought in friends, forces, or visible assets of any kind other than that one witch hunter? And what is his name, anyway?
Either she brought a lot of Witch Hunters or they've become a lot more visible without Abelhelm keeping them in check. The new Spymaster's name is Lucas von Salkalten.

Anything we've learned about her personal traits/habits?
Reserved, bookish and private.

What do we know about the Witch Hunter who replaced us? Like general attitude, province of origin, Hat sizes and the weapons he carries around.
By name and accent, a northern Ostlander; combined with Abelhelm's taste in brandy you suspect that's where his children were holed up. He's equally suspicious of damn near everyone and seems to be really jumpy to suddenly find himself on the front line of the whole Sylvania business. He favours a falchion.
  </body>
</html>