<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27 Results - 2483 - Part 3</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27 Results - 2483 - Part 3</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Hochlander
[*] Stirlander
[*] Nordlander



You interview the Hochlander in one of the College's less hostile meeting rooms. He's a young man with a short and wiry build, with a handsome face slightly marred by pockmarks. He listens intently to your explanation of the role you're seeking to fill, and thinks carefully before responding to you asking if he had any questions. "No," he eventually replies.

"Very well. Tell me how you'd go about it."

Again, he takes his time considering it. "The position of authority means that cooperation can be assumed," he says slowly, "so it is a matter of infrastructure. Of creating avenues for the information to flow to you without being intercepted. The job will necessarily be a highly mobile one at first, travelling wherever the EIC reaches to embed institutional knowledge of encryption amongst the clerks and managers. After that, it will be largely reactive."

You nod thoughtfully, having expected an answer like that. Show a tree to a lumberjack, and he'll assume the job is to fell it. But it may be that he is simply putting his best foot forward. "The job will also likely involve troubleshooting for the EIC on occasion. I'll run you through a few hypotheticals, let me know how you'd go about the shooting of those troubles."

Bandits in Talabecland was first, and it was a trap, but instead of saying that he would descend upon the forests with gun and axe he explains that the only major overland route where a traveller can't put their back against a river was along the Old Forest Road between Uckrofurt and Lieske, which meant the Farlic Hills, which meant the hill tribes. The EIC should seek a good relationship with the Roadwardens of Lieske, not just in this scenario but in general, in order to secure overland trade, and if the hill tribes are getting up to enough mischief to challenge the Roadwardens then it's serious enough to take all the way to the Grand Duke. You nod along, making mental notes.

You posit the same question in Averland, which is much further than his native Hochland. Heideck is his eventual answer, and for a moment you think he means the Priest of Ranald before you remember the town located in the heart of Averland. It is also, you are told, a hotbed of competing elements as the local nobles seek a Charter to elevate it to an semi-autonomous city-state, rather than being subject to the whims of the infamously unreliable Leitdorfs, and those appointed by the Leitdorfs to oversee it seek to thwart these ambitions. An accord sought here would be swift and firm, as either side would seek to lock down a potential partner before the others could get wind of the opportunity.

After a few more questions, the general impression you get of the Hochlander is that he is simple in the sense that is far from stupid. He thinks carefully, knows his limits, and seeks to lean on the existing power structures of the Empire wherever possible, instead of trying to reinvent the wheel whenever a novel problem is encountered. You thank him for his time, and let him know you'll have an answer for him before long.

---

The Stirlander is old enough to be your mother, and is likely not one to be swayed by your titles, reputations, and an official setting. The best way to deal with a battle you can't win is to not fight it in the first place, so you instead interview her in a much more casual setting: a cozy little tavern in a dubious neighbourhood that Regimand controls, and possibly outright owns. Wizards in Altdorf are treated with cautious respect by anyone that knows what's good for them, and this close to the slums, Grey Wizards are treated with terrified deference, so you have no trouble making sure that nobody's near enough to your booth to overhear your interview with the experienced spy.

She arrives exactly on time, has the barkeep bring over a succession of large drinks, and every moment that her mouth isn't occupied with drinking or talking, she's puffing on a pipe that wreathes the two of you in smoke, which seems as drawn to her as it is to you. "What would you like to know," you lead, doing her the courtesy of assuming she's already done her research.

"D'ye have a goal in mind with this EIC, or are ye letting opportunity court ye?" Her accent and mannerisms make it clear that she's either from one of the most remote corners of Stirland, or doing her best to seem like it.

"It is largely reactive," you admit frankly, "but I do want to use it to have more of an ear to the ground in the Empire at large."

"Is the EIC to prop up the van Hals?"

You consider the question. Under the Articles, Wizards are to be obedient to the Emperor second only to the ideals and laws of the Empire, but only required to 'render service to the ... Electors of the Empire upon request'. Understandable, considering it was written right after the end of the Time of Three Emperors, and Magnus the Pious would not want the Colleges able to throw their support behind over-ambitious Elector Counts. So under the letter of the law, one could say that there is no duty for a Wizard to provide unasked-for assistance to an Elector Count. "Yes," you say at last. "Sylvania being brought to heel benefits the Empire and everyone in it."

She gives you a piercing look, and you return it as best you can, and she apparently decides against any follow-ups. "Better than the Haupt-Anderssens," she concedes. "Ask your questions, then."

"If you can, tell me of your most recent experience." You can't not ask.

She considers that. "The last Haupt-Anderssen sought help where he oughtn't've, though he botched it in the end. His help let them get their claws in deep. Been working towards dismantling it. Got enough information that having to run was worth it, and soon enough there'll be pyres aplenty in Thalheim."

You nod, frowning as you remember your time in Stirland. Western Stirland was under the watchful eye of the Elector Count, Southern Stirland was subject to your intervention a time or two, and 'Eastern Stirland' was, of course, the subject of much attention. Central Stirland was often left to take care of itself. Perhaps that was a mistake, or perhaps the Vampires were the more immediate threat.

The Stirlander's much-redacted work history is enough that you don't feel the need to test her with hypotheticals, and simply have her fill in what gaps she can to get a better idea of who she is. She's been dismantling enemies of the Empire since you were in diapers, and is now moving up to managing the escapades of others. She could take the entire EIC in hand and form it in her own image tomorrow if you handed the reins to her. But that's the thing - it would be her image. She has her own ideas as to how things should be done, and is quite eager to put those ideas into practice. And you're unlikely to ever be able to make her more personally loyal to you than she is loyal to the Grey College and the Empire - assuming, of course, that that's where her loyalties lie. You're not sure if that's a problem.

You thank her for her time, and let her know you'll have an answer for her soon.

---

The Nordlander is... a woman. You're fairly sure. You can recall her voice, husky and thick with the Nordland accent that sounds something like an angrier and faster Dwarven one, but the moment you take her eyes off her face all memory of it evaporates. Whatever the nature of her magical mishaps, they so marked her features with Ulgu that they can't be recalled by others.

It takes little prompting to get her to speak of her history, and she tells of the tiny fishing village of Kreideklippe, and of the Cult that grew within it like a tumour, and of the brutal battle when it rose up and tried to take control of the village by force. According to the reports passed on by the Grey College, she accounted for at least three cultists with her trident and was holding off some sort of blue-skinned, many-handed demon when the militia arrived. The Witch Hunters winnowed through the villagers to separate the loyal from the heretical, and though the Nordlander passed the conventional trials, the Warrior-Priests spotted the gift of magic within her, either awoken or perhaps instilled by the workings of the Cult, and she was turned over to the Grey College for further testing. Those, too, she passed, and she elected to join the ranks of the College.

It would have been a wonderful origin for a future Grey Wizard, but fate or chance or darker powers had other plans, as her magical ability firmly outstripped her ability to control it, and you can't help but raise your eyebrows at some of the destruction that she inadvertently caused - including, you're slightly upset to hear, to what had been your favourite reading nook when you were an Apprentice. It eventually culminated in every orifice above her neck being sealed shut by a miscast, and only the intervention of her former Master's knife prevented her suffocation, and she decided then that wielding magic was beyond her, and that her service to her College lay in more mundane means. Her voice cracks a little as she says that; she reached that decision less than a month ago, and you can't tell if it's the terror of the miscast or the loss of her future that still haunts her.

In all fields except spearfishing, she is easily the least trained and experienced of all the candidates, but what she boasts is moldability. She's a sharp young woman and is very obviously searching for a new purpose, and if you were to provide it, you're fairly confident you could count on her to die for you. You thank her for her time, and with the interviews concluded, you start to contemplate which of the three candidates you'll be entrusting the EIC to.

[ ] [EIC] Hochlander
[ ] [EIC] Stirlander
[ ] [EIC] Nordlander

---

Thus concludes the work Mathilde performed these past months, but not every waking moment was filled with work. With whom did she spend her free time, this past year? The four with the most votes will be chosen, not counting those locked in.

[+] The Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks (locked in)
[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)
[+] EIC Reports (does not cost a choice)

Fellow Wizards
[ ] Johann, as he once more tries to gild his eyeballs.
[ ] Maximilian, who has been especially invaluable lately and is still neck-deep in translations.
[ ] Panoramia, as she goes about her business in the fields of the Eastern Valley.
[ ] Gretel, who's apparently spending her newly-earned wealth to make herself at home.
[ ] Adela, to see where she's at in deciding her future.
[ ] Hubert, to go deeper into discussion on Ulrican matters.

Karak Eight Peaks Notables
[ ] Elder Hluodwica, High Priestess of Esmerelda and civilian leader of the Eight Peaks Halflings.
[ ] Francesco Caravello, proud leader of the Undumgi and possible future Thane.
[ ] Soizic, military leader of the Undumgi.
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart, leader of the frontier town of Ulrikadrin.

Foreign Relations
[ ] Barak Varr, to watch the progress of the canal.
[ ] Karak Hirn, to satisfy your curiosity about Prince Ulthar.

Friends Abroad
[ ] Kasmir, to see how he's keeping himself busy in Sylvania.
[ ] Julia, to see what she has gotten up to as Stirland's most experienced spy master.
[ ] Eike Hochschild, to get to know your future business partner.

Following Up
[ ] The Amber College, to see how your donation of Lustrian eggs is going.
[ ] Follow up on your donation of the Skaven organ-vat, and see what has been made of it.

[ ] Other (write in)


Furthermore, with relative peace descended upon the Karak, now might be a good time for Mathilde's thoughts to turn towards her love life. Do they?

[ ] [ROMANCE] Yes
[ ] [ROMANCE] No


- There will be a two hour voting moratorium.
- Feel free to suggest other candidates for social actions, especially any I may have forgotten about.
- This is not the time for Waifu Wars or Husbando Hostilities; the question is whether you wish to see romance in Mathilde's life at this time, not specific candidates.
- If a romance vote is held, it will not be a lock-in for romance, but for which person or persons Mathilde may be interested in, and who Mathilde will seek to get to know better.
  </body>
</html>