<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 15</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 15</h2>
Wheels sink into sand as the Alriksson slows and then stops, your eyes locked on the figure as it tosses its head to and fro, sending energies arcing through the air with every motion. Most of what little you know of Beastmen comes from your former Master's stories, and what little he knew of Morghur was second-hand. He's supposedly been locked in an eternal war with Athel Loren that occassionally spills out to devastate some other part of the Old World. The only time you've really heard about him outside of those stories is in relation to the High Elves pursuing him through Bretonnia some centuries ago, which is part of why Karag Dum's warnings in the lead-up to the Great War Against Chaos were ignored.

As the demigod bellows once more but shows no sign of approaching, you risk a glance sideways at Borek, who'd become more and more glued to the prow as you grew nearer to his home. You're not sure what you expect - shock? disbelief? despair? But you definitely weren't expecting resignation. "Borek-"

"We did the best we could," he says. "When it comes time to tell the rest of the Karaz Ankor what has become of us, please tell them that as well. May the Ancestors forgive us."

With that, he pulls loose a knot that causes a rope ladder to unfurl and clambers over the guardrail. "Borek?" you ask, trying to process this as the first of the other Dwarves start to spill out of the lower levels, seeking a better view than they could get from what would have to be very crowded gun-ports.

"What in Grimnir's name is that?" says the first Ranger to reach your side.

"Cor-Dum," you answer simply.

There's silence for a moment. "Ah," he says. Then he looks down. "What's Borek doing?"

"If that's Cor-Dum, that's it for Karag Dum," says another. "He'd be joining his kin."

"Maybe," you say, watching him. Something about this isn't adding up.

Though Borek's pace is steady, his process across the sand is anything but, as the heat-shimmer embraces him and sends mirages of his image shimmering to and fro. Morghur simply watches, and you can begin to make out parts of the forest's edge that are the silhouettes of other Beastmen, rather than trees. You ignore the steady thock of crossbow-fired messages from behind, then hear an out-of-breath Snorri swearing as he barges through the crowd behind you. "Why have we-" he stops himself as he looks out into the crater. "Where'd the other mountains go?"

"Don't know," you answer.

"Why is there a forest? And a desert?"

"Don't know," you say again.

"Why's Borek out there? Wait, who's that?"

"I think it's more of a 'what' than a 'who'," you say.

"Cor-Dum," one of the Rangers says.

There's a moment as Snorri processes that. "Alright, job done, Borek's back home, time we accomplished the same for ourselves," he says briskly. "If this thing's stuck, leave it here."

"Just a moment," you say. "Things aren't adding up."

Across the sands, the two figures meet, and the Shadowgave bends down to consider the Dwarf before him. Then he reaches out a twisted claw and runs it over Borek's hair in what seems to be an affectionate gesture. He stands aside and Borek continues his march, disappearing into the trees. Deafening silence embraces the crowd of onlookers, broken only by the wind whistling past you.

"Karag fucking Dum," one of the Engineers finally says.

"I never listened to all the mutterings," Snorri says. "More fool I."

Morghur gives one final bellow before disappearing back into the forest, and you exhale. Some time very soon, an even further reduced Council is going to meet, and all eyes are going to be on you to make sense of all this and suggest a course of action. You sigh and mentally begin to sort through the pieces of the puzzle before you.



Morghur:
- Morghur is said to have been 'born' three hundred years ago, but there's stories of beings identical to him stretching back throughout recorded history.
- From your very limited knowledge, Morghur was last seen being pursued by High Elves in Bretonnia shortly before the Great War Against Chaos.
- From what the Yusak said, and what the banners you passed seem to attest, Kurgan tribes have been fighting or 'testing themselves against' Morghur for some time.
- Morghur did not attack Borek, instead greeting him with what to Dwarves is a very intimate gesture.
- Borek's reaction to Morghur did not seem surprised.

Karag Dum:
- The magic flowing to Karak Vlag was uncorrupted, which you're fairly sure would not have been the case if the Hold had been conquered by Beastmen.
- The landscape around Karag Dum has changed, including the disappearance of the smaller mountains around it, the growth of a forest around its base, and the appearance of a desert around the forest. It is also hotter here than anywhere else in the Steppes. Apart from the forests covering the lower parts of it, the exterior of Karag Dum appears unchanged.
- The forest is inhabited by Beastmen, who seem to be obeying Morghur.
- As far as Mathilde can tell, none of this is an illusion.
- There is less ambient Dhar here than other parts of the Chaos Wastes Mathilde has seen, though still more than outside of it.


Mathilde will present the leading theories and courses of action as possibilities to the rest of the Council. You may vote for multiples of each if you wish. Please use this format to vote for them:
[ ] THEORY:
[ ] ACTION:


- There will be a three hour moratorium for the above to be digested and discussed.
- If anyone has data points that Mathilde would have access to that they think should be added to the above, please suggest them. 
- If there's anything about this that's unclear but would be clear to Mathilde, please point out what.
  </body>
</html>