<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 35 Social - 2487 - Part 1 - The Dreaming Wood of Laurelorn</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 35 Social - 2487 - Part 1 - The Dreaming Wood of Laurelorn</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Voting results

[*] Thorek Ironbrow, to witness the arrival of the first Dwarf in Tor Lithanel for over four thousand years.
[*] Qrech, who is putting the finishing touches on his tome on the Chaos Dwarves.
[*] Egrimm, to try to sound out more information about the Alric situation.
[*] The Karak Azul Architects, to get involved in the design of your Library in detail.
[*] Vicarius Galenstra, to get to know him and his Ward.
[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)



Near Tor Lithanel is a ring of Waystones marking the edge of the Verdan Lithridrom, the Wishing Woods. With shocking abruptness the cultivated beauty of the Laurelorn gives way to dense, dark stands of needle-leaved conifers draped with hanging lichens. It is said that to make an offering at a Waystone and sleep on the outskirts of the Woods is to be visited with prophetic dreams or terrifying nightmares, and many of the Elven artists you've spoken to seem to believe that both are equally useful for pursuing their art. It is also said that to actually enter the woods is to invite the nightmares to take up permanent residence within you. Reason enough to stay away under normal circumstances, but you left normal circumstances behind quite some time ago, and today you have been invited within by Queen Marrisith to meet with what is to be her contribution to the project. Why said delegate couldn't simply knock on your door and introduce themself is a line of thought that keeps you quite occupied as you dwell on the lurid stories you've heard of the place, but the Queen's letter directed you to a specific approach to the woods where the dense branches and curtains give way to a wide and wheel-rutted path leading deeper within, which goes some way to reassuring you. It probably isn't that treacherous if it sees this much traffic.

It's a long and eerie walk with only very infrequent shafts of sunlight managing to weave through the foliage overhead and a constant chorus of crunching needles underfoot, and by the end of it you're sure there's something off about these woods, but you're not sure what. The ring of Waystones means there are next to no ambient Winds, but you keep getting an eerily familiar sensation akin to vertigo. Your instincts keep telling you to look down, but that's because your instincts only think in three dimensions. The Aethyr is always lurking just under the fragile skin of reality, but here that skin has been cultivated into a realm of its own.

At last you emerge into the centre of the wood, blinking in the sudden sunlight, where the densely-packed trees crowd up against the edge of an ancient, open amphitheatre, the stage sunk deep below ground level. The seating tiers surrounding are filled with what you at first took to be still more trees, but on further examination they prove to lack both leaves and life. The stage itself is crowded with stacked crates and barrels and sitting atop one of them and looking thoroughly bored is Queen Marrisith, glaring up at the sun and drumming her heels against the wood.

"Your Majesty," you say, making your way down the ramp towards her.

"Lady Magister," she replies. "Mmm. Sounds almost like ladroi nastirr. There used to be a temple by that name - a well-regarded, hmm, let's say a house of worship dedicated to Atharti. I believe you know Her as Vylmar."

You're not sure what the proper reaction is to having your title so mangled by a Queen, but you try not to let any of it show on your face. "Worship of Vylmar has been outlawed for centuries in the Empire."

She frowns. "Why?"

"He was seen as too similar to the Tempter, I believe."

Her frown deepens. "Did this forbidding banish all desire for pleasure from the Empire?"

"I don't believe it did."

"Then why cede all that ground to the Tempter?" She raises a hand. "You needn't answer that. It's a debate I've heard too many times among my own people, and those that champion it the loudest are so often those that stand to gain should House Maeglin fall in stature. Perhaps the same dynamic was at play among your people." She looks up again, frowning at the sun. "My mother told me that there was originally a stone circle that indicated when the time was right to reach the Grey Lords, but it was replaced with this amphitheatre in the time of my grandmother. Easier to move things in and out and easier to defend, but so much less informative."

"I take it these Grey Lords are in the liminal realm I can feel?" you ask with deliberate casualness.

She raises her eyebrows at you. "You are full of surprises, aren't you? Yes, they're tucked away in the forest's Dreaming Wood. There are entrances scattered throughout the Laurelorn and touching it often takes as little as a thought, but a season's pay for their services," she raps her knuckles on the crate she's sitting atop, "requires the right time and the right place." There's a sudden shimmer of magical energies and she smiles. "That will be them."

The sensation of vertigo grows stronger and your senses scream to you that you are falling despite standing upright, and in the space between two heartbeats the woods surrounding you disappears, it and the sky alike replaced by a vast and softly glowing dome of marble encapsulating the amphitheatre. Its only break is at the top of the ramp you entered by, where a narrow corridor extends into darkness. Standing framed in it is an aged Elven man with his white hair and beard cropped close, wearing worn hose and tunic under a long travelling cloak. With his hood up to cover his ears he wouldn't look out of place in any tavern in the Empire. "Dear Marrisethai," he says, striding down the ramp like an actor onto the stage, "you look more like your mother every decade. How have you been?"

"All the better to see you're out of your tower once more, Lord Hatalath." She reaches out to embrace him as he approaches, and his hug lifts her off the crate. "I had thought the Lords Thanan would be joining us for this effort."

"You know them, they're always happy to visit but they want to disappear home as soon as the sun kisses the horizon. And I had just wrapped up my latest project, and I've actually walked the world since the time when humans were terrified primitives hiding in the woods and mimicking our Waystones, so I was the natural choice. Besides, the other option was your Uncle."

Marrisith's smile turns brittle as she is released from the Elf's arms. "Then you doubly bless us with your presence. I take it that means you know what must be done?"

"Something about the Dwarves wanting to compare notes, I was told. Lord Sarumar said they were doing something with their network again."

"And so I approached them via our new allies in the hopes they could be lured into a joint research project - you and yours keep telling me how much of a setback it is whenever the flow of magic lessens, and with the isolationists of the High Council no longer in the majority we took an opportunity."

"And her?" he asks, looking over to you. "A go-between from the human realms, I take it? One who has been dabbling quite a bit in things she shouldn't, by the look of her. Which Emperor does this one belong to?"

"They've only the one Emperor now, and this one speaks Eltharin, and will be a party to the research," Queen Marrisith says, smiling and shaking her head. "Don't the others keep you up to date?"

"They might, I'm not good at paying attention when I'm busy. How did any of those things happen?"

"The latest Everchosen forced them to unite or perish, and Teclis - the current Loremaster of Hoeth, one of the line of Aenarion - convinced them to rethink their opinions on magic, and apparently taught some of them our language in the process. Our guest is from one of their single-Wind Orders of Magic."

"So who's the go-between for the Dwarves?"

"She is also here on behalf of King Belegar of Karak Eight Peaks."

The Elf frowns, his brow furrowing. "They got it back? And they're employing human Mages? Tch, you look away for a few centuries and the whole world changes on you. Greetings, daughter of the Empire," he says, turning to you and switching to archaic but fluent Reikspiel as he looks you up and down. "Greetings to you, daughter of Freya. It's been some time since I walked your realm, but I always found the Asoborns to be a cheerful and sensible lot. Much better than the Styrigen. I am the Grey Lord Hatalath."

You do your best to reply in kind. "I am Lady Magister Mathilde Weber of the Grey Order, and Loremaster to King Belegar. I've only known your people for a few months, but I relish the opportunity to know more."

He smiles. "My people are but twelve, and I doubt you've met any but I - but fear not, because there is no better place to start. We are the least numerous third of Laurelorn, and we differ as much from the other two as they do from each other, but do just as much to keep our realm alive." He snaps his fingers and with a creak of wood, the not-trees still surrounding you jerk to life as energies flow through the marble. With jerky motions they descend down the stairs, each of them wrapping wooden arms around a different piece of cargo and lifting them effortlessly off the ground, and the bizarre procession disappears up the ramp. "And in turn, they keep us alive. Trying to live entirely on fruits and vegetables harvested from a Dreaming Wood is not an experience I can recommend."

"We keep you quite a bit better off than merely 'alive'. And some of our artists swear by the Dreaming Diet," Marrisith replies.

"Only ever for as long as it takes for the novelty to wear off. Despite what so many of their works insist, there is a terrible boredom to pain." The last of the wooden golems disappears into the darkness, and moments later another emerges at the head of a similar line, though you cannot tell if it is the same things returned or an entirely new procession. Only the first three are carrying crates, and the others return to their places in the seats surrounding you empty-handed. "That's everything but the uglier of those cuirasses, the widdershins columnar assemblage on it needed to be replaced entirely. It should be ready by the next exchange."

"As ever, you have our gratitude," Marrisith says with a smile.

"Then I hope it was in one of those boxes, because if not-" he pauses a second and then snaps his fingers - but you could feel the process beginning while he was still talking, so you know that it wasn't the gesture that banished the dome of marble and returned you to the material world. "If not, I'll have it all to myself and the other Lords will have to go without."
  </body>
</html>