<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 (Part Four): By Duty, Bring Death</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 (Part Four): By Duty, Bring Death</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Reclaim What Is Our's</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan: Reclaim What Is Our's<br/>
<br/>
Shinehole Void Combat<br/>
-[X] Take The Risk<br/>
--[X] Looted Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
---[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chapter Master's Honor Guard<br/>
--[X] Looted Retribution-class Battleship<br/>
---[X] 1st Company<br/>
----[X] If they haven't been destroyed by the time either ship has been reclaimed, forces from the reclaimed ship are to move reclaim the any remaining ships in following order: Strike Cruiser -&gt; Oberon-class Battleship -&gt; Overlord-class Battlecruiser -&gt; Overlord-class Battlecruiser -&gt; Mars-class Battlecruiser<br/>
<br/>
Petramis<br/>
-[X] A Most Dangerous Game - The Orkeosaurus and multiple squiggoths have escaped into the jungle. If left without prevention, it is completely unknown what they might do, from remain hidden, attacking a citadel-city, or even going after the Black Archipelago to escape to Pacemen.<br/>
--[X] 10th Company, all Thunderhawk gunships<br/>
---[X] The primary mission for the 10th company is to locate and destroy the remaining Orkeosaurus and all squiggoths, preferably by locating them and giving bombing and assault coordinates for Thunderhawks.<br/>
Black Archipelago:<br/>
-[X] Take And Hold - From the skies, rain down destruction upon the various bridges connecting the islands and continents, and then deliver drop pods amongst the islands to scourge them of the greenskins upon them. In this manner, this vital choke-point between the two continents can be defended, potentially reinforced, and allow the feudal humans a way to strike back in the future. Just as well, fortifications built upon these islands will ensure that the orks will have a visible target to attack, and thus to die against. With the sheer damage dealt to Pacemen, many orks are fleeing across the Black Archipelago to get over to Petramis. This will mean that taking and holding the islands will be notably more difficult, by sheer numbers if nothing else.<br/>
--[X] 5th Company<br/>
--[X] Land Raider Crusader <i>Tarantulus Ultima</i><br/>
--[X] 6 Razorbacks (Standard Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter)<br/>
--[X] 1 Razorbacks (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
--[X] 2 Whirlwinds<br/>
--[X] Predator<br/>
--[X] 3 Land Speeders (Standard)<br/>
--[X] 2 Land Speeders (Tempest)<br/>
--[X] 13 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolters)<br/>
--[X] 13 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Twin-Linked Lascannons)<br/>
--[X] 8 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
--[X] 5 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Multi-Melta)<br/>
Pacemen<br/>
-[X] Fear The Skies - Every major settlement and base has been destroyed by this point, their breeding grounds brought to ruin. However, plenty of orks remain here, either trying to put out the fires raging across the jungle or heading across the Black Archipelago. Those that remain must be killed as well. This is not merely a push back against the orks here. No. This is a culling! Besides which, the Black Archipelago could only sustain light orbital bombardment before collapsing, and enough has been said about the certain side-effects to Petramis as well. Here, the ships can continue to fire.<br/>
---[X] Fleets are to conduct bombardments on any large concentrations of orks and ork structures</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>By Duty, Bring Death<br/>
+030.M42+ To +035.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain Now! Reward In The Afterlife!</i>+</b><br/>​</div>When you reveal your plan to the forces of the Navy, their response is remarkably unified.<br/>
<br/>
“You want to <i>what</i>?! Are you mad, Blood Raven!?” one rear admiral shouts, a sentiment echoed by many others.<br/>
<br/>
“Would not these ships be a boon for your forces if properly reclaimed?” you respond while marching towards the breaching torpedoes.<br/>
<br/>
“Obviously, but the issue is, space marine, is that we might as well all <i>die</i> before you finish your work! Losing ships to take ships is a losing proposition!”<br/>
<br/>
You hear a sigh from Apollo, listening in as you moved, as he takes his position within the torpedo along with the rest of the Honor Guard. Doukas and the rest of his squad begin to murmur a litany to the Emperor.<br/>
<br/>
“We are not assaulting all of them at once, and are forwarding you our list of priority targets in the case of success.”<br/>
<br/>
You do not know which one of the captains speaks next, but his words do make you narrow your eyes.<br/>
<br/>
“I will not be held responsible for your deaths if you take this course of action. If a ship explodes with your space marines on it…”<br/>
<br/>
“We are <i>aware</i> of the danger, captain. Now, if you will excuse us,” you switch off the comm array and join in with Doukas and Hannibal.<br/>
<br/>
A great resounding set of booms signifies the steady launching of the breaching torpedoes, while elsewhere across the Chapter Fleet thunderhawks lift off from their bays and rocket into the void. The set of booms come closer, closer, until finally you feel the one you have taken for yourself rumble in a screech and thump as you leave the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> behind.<br/>
<br/>
“Torpedoes engaged. Emperor be with you, Chapter Master,” Martellus broadcasts, before you are set out of range.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Navy Encirclement: 57<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Boarding Operations: 96<br/>
Boarding Torpedo Command-Primaris: 4</b><br/>
<br/>
A sudden ‘clang’ is the only warning that something has gone wrong before the entire torpedo is struck by some outside force. Whether a piece of scrap, another ship, or something else, you do not know. What you <i>do</i> know is that all of a sudden the innards of the boarding torpedo are exposed to the open void, a vast rent torn in it right down the side. Blinding lights from the intense close-range void combat going on shine on you in a wildly changing kaleidoscope, while a dozen different warning klaxons attempt to screech out their words while the atmosphere is vented.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Hand Of Gravity<br/>
23! 2 Honor Guard Marines Lost To Void!</b><br/>
<br/>
“Emperor’s Blood!” Doukas swears at the sudden visceral careening.<br/>
<br/>
Swirling at high enough speeds to flatten an unenhanced heart, you can do nothing more than cry out in outrage as two of the honor guard are sucked out of the torpedo by sheer velocity and damage done to their restraints. They do not even manage to speak a word before they are left entirely out of immediate suit-to-suit vox range, and all sight of them disappears immediately as the torpedo careens wildly, its original course lost entirely.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Warning. Original trajectory unviable. Heavy damage sustained</b>,” the logic-engine placidly informs you, as if you were not entirely unmoored in the void. <b>“Attempting to reach secondary breaching point.”</b><br/>
<br/>
<b>Reorienting Rockets: 49<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Critical System Targeting: 76</b><br/>
<br/>
Several flaring blasts of fire herald the slowing of the torpedoes wild rotations, but cannot stop them. After a few more tense seconds the glow of a rocket that you can in fact still <i>see</i> through the tear in the hull of the torpedo explodes soon after. A muted burst, sound gone now that the atmosphere has fully vented, is all that marks its passage save for a shake that is near indistinguishable from the general shuddering that has taken hole of the entire torpedo. All the while, Hannibal booms out a litany of faith and strength, a nearby explosion in the void shaking the torpedo further off course.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================​</div><br/>
<b>Lost Rosetta Boarders vs. Ork Defenders<br/>
98 vs. 48</b><br/>
<br/>
An entire squad of nods thudded their way into the vast chamber. Whatever it might have been, a vast mess hall for the crew or the menials which once languished in its depths, it was now a charnel-filled battlefield. Margaret leapt over a rusted metal slab that might once have been a table, hand snapping out to grasp around the massive horns on the helmet of one of the nobs, before slamming her free fist into the back of its neck to explosively decapitate it. From around the bend of a fallen and flaming penitent engine, its pilot butchered, a howling mass of sisters repentia came, their blades held high. The impact was as brutal and vicious as the orks could ever desire, with screaming death-seekers clashing against ones who desired only battle.<br/>
<br/>
Pausing to catch her breath, Margaret straightened and let loose a gout of flame into the face of an ork commando as he leapt out of the shadows to try and stab her. Purple paint and flesh peeled away in equal measure beneath the flames, the Canoness Superior stomping onto the blazing ork’s throat and then bringing both fists down in a hammer blow upon its skull. High above, flying recklessly, came the seraphim, their jump packs as twin stars on their backs with pistols booming out upon the orks below. Steadily, the orks were driven back, not by cowardice or tactical retreat, but by simple fact that too many of them were <i>dead</i> to hold their positions.<br/>
<br/>
One, a large mega nob, died trying to fight against such fortune, and for its trouble found Margaret climbing over its corpse to point at the dying orks who hunched ever more by their primitive barricades, haloed by the flames of the dead and dying.<br/>
<br/>
“FORWAAAAAAAAAARD!” she screamed. “IN THE EMPEROR’S NAME!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================<br/>​</div><b>“Secondary breaching point unviable. Attempting to reach tertiary breaching point.”</b><br/>
<br/>
The torpedo still swung wildly back and forth in the void, but no longer was it without a general <i>direction </i>to its movements. By this point, all helmets had been fully secured, the inner atmosphere gone completely. What rockets remained were still firing, though far more had been destroyed that remained. You had heard nothing of the two honor guard who had been dragged out by the explosive decompression, but hopefully they possessed their helms locked in place. If that fails…well, there are other things that the Emperor’s grace granted your kind for such events. At the least, this specific machine spirit deserves recovery and placations from Martellus once this is over…if it survives.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Tertiary Breaching Attempt: 77</b><br/>
<br/>
From one instant to the next, your sight out of the torn hole in the side of the torpedo is obscured by the scarred and rusted alloys of an Imperial ship. From one eye-blink to the next, you see a statue of the Emperor himself that has been utterly desecrated in the images of the greenskin gods. Then, the torpedo fulfills its function, the blazing plasma ignited at the front of the torpedo smashes directly through another weakened piece of hull. The void shield around this section had been knocked down, briefly, by some ships fire or another, allowing you to progress forward. The sudden re-introduction of atmosphere fills your ears with screaming metal being torn asunder to make way for you, before the torpedo comes to a very violent smashing stop.<br/>
<br/>
“Well.” Hannibal stands immediately, his crozius held in hand as he kicks open the dented and torn exit door from its hinges, “Let us get to work.”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>“Does anyone have a reading on our position?” you ask while exiting the heavily damaged torpedo. “Are we near the Lost Rosetta, any of them? Or a critical system?”<br/>
<br/>
Apollo manages to salvage a data-slate connected to the boarding torpedo’s not quiet logic-engine, and curses.<br/>
<br/>
“We’re nowhere near the bridge, but…we are near the engines. We could shut them down, prevent the ship from escaping.”<br/>
<br/>
“It will do, for now,” you grunt before hefting <i>Godsplitter</i> on your shoulder. “Let us move!”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
============================<br/>​</div><b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Progression: 64</b><br/>
<br/>
“Get the wounded to the thunderhawk<i>!”</i><br/>
<br/>
They called him The Scarred, and it was an apropos term for him. Once, a meagre simple marine, nowhere near deserving of the title of Captain. Much less Captain of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. But phosphex burned all things, including weakness and naiveté away. Now, he stood, a bulwark in front of his fallen brothers as they defended the shredded gun consoles. With each blast of his graviton pistol, whole portions of the corridor twisted and shunted about, crushing and impaling the orks that attempted to charge through. Those that managed to make it through were met with his blade, the powerfield shearing through them like a scythe to wheat. A dozen heavy slugs slammed into his armor, cracking the ceramite, and he stood unbowed.<br/>
<br/>
If it had been just one squad, attempting to shift here and there about an entire ship filled with the enemy, then this would have taken longer. But this was no single squad, as was more typical in ship-to-ship engagements. This was an entire <i>company</i>, and the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> at that. Marcus fired again and again as the orks as they came, a roaring mega nob’s massive set or armor turned against it, the flesh within being crushed by what should have protected it. Around him, the rest of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company fought, leaving boarding torpedoes behind on their way to the thunderhawks that had come in the breaches behind them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Withdrawal: 80</b><br/>
<br/>
“Detonate the charges,” he boomed before leaping into a charging mob of orks, <i>Wisdom</i> flashing back and forth as he fought. “Move on to the thunderhawks!”<br/>
<br/>
Fighting every step of the way, the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company withdrew leaving a series of rippling explosions in their wake. Much of the ship was damaged in the wake of their work, but the superstructure itself remained viable. Finally, Marcus stepped back, just within the lip of the thunderhawk ramp while it lifted off, blazing out into the stars above, leaving the battleship behind it entirely. Tactical information routed itself to the Captain’s helm, of the sudden deadening of the ship they left behind, as well as the fact that two extremely enterprising lunar cruisers had come close, ships flying out of them as they sent armsmen into the depths of the now gun-less and shield-less ship.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain,” the serf in the pilot’s seat greeted as he approached, “Next target?”<br/>
<br/>
“The strike cruiser,” Marcus pointed his finger at where it sat, hanging remarkably still compared to all the other ork ships around it.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Navy vs. Ork Fleet<br/>
20 vs. 9</b><br/>
<br/>
He then had to shield his eyes from the sight before him as light erupted out of the kill kroozer’s prow, scrap metal that had been haphazardly added to its front shaking off with the exertion. The shot went wide, thankfully, and while the Navy continued its own advance with many a weapon targeting the ramshackle and <i>fully</i> orkish ‘battleship, the thunderhawks of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company flew forward. After all, it was a strike cruiser despite all the orks had done to it. Still….<br/>
<br/>
“Was that from a <i>lance</i>?” Hamul questioned from behind them.<br/>
<br/>
“…I think it was.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Boarding Strike Cruiser Target: 85</b><br/>
<br/>
“Point-defense guns near the hangar are either firing uselessly in the direction of the Navy’s ships from <i>far</i> out of range, or completely rusted over, Captain,” the serf called out, eyes flicking back and forth along the screens available to him.<br/>
<br/>
“Then take us in.”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Captain!”<br/>
<br/>
Ironic. There were few vessels that a space marine might know how to disable better than a strike cruiser. And here, now, that was exactly what they were planning to do. Behind him, on the ground of the troop compartment, Constantius finally rose, his arms bloodied from the treatments demanded to preserve the lives of his brothers.<br/>
<br/>
“Brothers Tariq and Theral are dead. I have recovered their gene-seed,” he finally said, his voice low. “They will be remembered as the Emperor’s Finest.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed, brother,” Marcus placed a hand on his brother’s pauldron, rocking the white-armored marine slightly. “Stay strong yet. We are not done.”<br/>
<br/>
“I know.”<br/>
<br/>
The serf’s voice was broadcast, now, to all on the thunderhawk flight.<br/>
<br/>
“Get ready! We’re entering the hangar now!”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus nodded, and marched towards the end of the compartment, standing directly before the ramp. The thunderhawks began to tremble, their whole frames moving as their unleashed the weaponry they possessed to clear the hangar as completely as possible. Only once that was done did they open their ramps, allowing the Blood Ravens within to leap out and charge forth into the corridors of the ship.<br/>
<br/>
“NONE SHALL FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Kroozer Clearing: 82</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================<br/>​</div><b>Dustboom Combat (1) <br/>
Imperial Guard Orbitals Assault: 20<br/>
Ork Orbitals Defense: 56<br/>
Ork Vehicles: 12<br/>
Blood Raven Crushing: 99</b><br/>
<br/>
Atop the <i>Litany of Purgation</i>, the Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company surveyed the newest graveyard that his forces had wrought from the hands of the greenskins. A hundred burning vehicles, from small wartrukks to battlewagons to three full gunfortresses had been brought low, surrounded, and turned to so much slag. The 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company itself was busy spread out across the entire place, accompanied by techpriests on their cataloguing efforts. Once, then twice, did a squad return, dragging a particular hulk behind them as a techpriest stood atop it or near it, wringing their mechadendrites.<br/>
<br/>
“Report, Chaplain,” Hadrian barked as he faced the wasteland, smoke and dust mixing equally in the air making it nearly impossible for the naked eye to manage much.<br/>
<br/>
Behind him, Ateren consulted the data-slate and the information compiled within.<br/>
<br/>
“Three viable rhino hulks, what might be five assault bikes forcibly fused together into one overly massive motorcycle of some sort, and one whirlwind that had been on <i>top</i> of a gunfortress as a weapons emplacement have been recused back into the care of the Company. The Guard will be having <i>much </i>more fortune here. From what I could hear from the muttering techpriests there are multiple Leman Russ tanks that were in the hands of the enemy,” the chaplain recited quietly.<br/>
<br/>
“They <i>do</i> seem to favor those amongst their looted weaponry,” Hadrian mused. “How goes their assault on the orbital guns?”<br/>
<br/>
“Badly.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian raised an eyebrow and paused for a moment before realizing that Ateren could not actually see his face and turned about.<br/>
<br/>
“Explain.”<br/>
<br/>
“The orks at one of the major guns unveiled the pet project of the mek in charge of the place. It was one of their battlefortresses – specifically of the ‘Skullhamma’ variety – and it tore much of their initial vanguard to pieces.”<br/>
<br/>
“Another baneblade, gone into the hands of the xeno. Does the Mechanicus not keep precise records of each of those venerable machines?” Hadrian mused, eyes unblinking as he looked down at the chaplain.<br/>
<br/>
“They do, and I believe they were making quite the noise about the Guard doing as little harm to it as possible while disabling it, otherwise they won’t be able to check the records properly.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian grunted, before lifting his eyes to the sky again.<br/>
<br/>
“Did they at least keep their anti-air back? I’m getting tired of those buzzing runs that they keep trying to pull off.”<br/>
<br/>
“They did, and are marshalling for another assault as we speak.”<br/>
<br/>
“Mmmph.”<br/>
<br/>
But they had waited there long enough, and once it was confirmed all else remaining would either be reclaimed for the Guard’s purposes or were totally unviable, there was no point in remaining. Hadrian stood, and around him the rest of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company assembled together once more, driving back into the whirlwind of battle across the scrap wasteland of Dustboom.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Tunnel Pushing (1)<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 74<br/>
Ork Defenders: 29<br/>
Blood Raven Attackers: 12</b><br/>
<br/>
“Cover me, Calus!” Daedal yelled, leaping from his rapier as he did so.<br/>
<br/>
In the center of the tunnel, the smoking ruin of the dreadnought was riddled with further fire, enough volume behind it that it tipped over completely onto its back. Throughout the rest of the large cavern, the Imperial Guard were charging forward, and bravely so, but they had come later than hoped. The dreadnought smoked and hissed as Daedal’s mechadendrites went to work on it, further tools pulled from his servo-harness in his hands as he did everything in his capacity to repair the dreadnought, and if failing that to preserve the life within.<br/>
<br/>
“Hold on, hold on,” he hissed, sparks flying before him, “Please endeavor to do your best to not die, brother.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dreadnought Occupant Preservation: 51</b><br/>
<br/>
“Okay, the overall shell is blasted to the warp, muscle-sheathes slagged,” he muttered beneath his breath, before a final plunge of his mechadendrites into the holes pierced into the hull resulted in a faint whining noise as the life-preserving sarcophagus within restarted.<br/>
<br/>
Behind the techpriest, the Guard advanced, their commissars leading the way, but Daedal only had eyes for the elder one. Calus approached, his rapier set on sentry mode, and without speaking the two of them went about their work.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dreadnought Repair: 20</b><br/>
<br/>
“It can’t be done,” Daedal finally said as he stood back. “The overall structural integrity is ruined. I am sorry, brother,” he tapped the smoking hull, “But it seems you will have to get a new one.”<br/>
<br/>
“He can’t respond you know,” Calus called out as he began walking back to his rapier. “The broadcasting vox was shredded. All he can do is hear.”<br/>
<br/>
Daedal exhaled forcefully, turning to his brother techmarine with his hands on his hips.<br/>
<br/>
“<i>I </i>know that, and <i>you</i> know that, but the point is that I am reassuring our venerable brother here that he will possess another body soon enough.”<br/>
<br/>
“I think I got that, yes,” Calus’ dry voice was audible above his re-engaging rapier as it trundled forward.<br/>
<br/>
“Then why did you feel a need to bring it up!?”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, dear me, I apologize, we <i>are</i> under an Oath of Silence, aren’t we, how could I – oh wait, we’re not!”<br/>
<br/>
Daedal looked about, and, upon sighting a lasgun which had fallen out of the nearest pile of ill-begotten ork loot grabbed up the old weapon and threw it directly at Calus’ head. Unfortunately it instead hit one of his mechadendrites, and the ancient rotted wood of the weapon practically evaporated as it struck the device. Calus, in turn, steadfastly ignored his compatriot, and drove his rapier forward.<br/>
<br/>
“We’ll have you back onto the ships soon enough, brother,” Daedal finally said, reassuringly tapping the shell, before getting onto his own rapier.<br/>
<br/>
A series of thumping noises marked the arrival of another of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company’s dreadnoughts, who paused at the sight of his brother in half-death’s state.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“What happened here?”</b><br/>
<br/>
“Do not worry, Brother Cassius, Brother Relian’s dreadnought was disabled, but he lives within. I will join the push, and then return to oversee his transport back to the ships.”<br/>
<br/>
Then Daedal was speeding ahead, leaving one dreadnought to stare at the other.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“You know. It’s running into enemy fire like that which is why you are in a dreadnought at all, Relian.”</b><br/>
<br/>
In a stunning display of still-active machinery despite everything, the dreadnought managed to raise one of its assault claws and flex it in vaguely rude fashion if one squinted and replaced the metal claw with a human hand.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Such pique does you a disservice.</b>”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================<br/>​</div><b>Engine Room Attackers vs. Engine Room Defenders<br/>
61 vs. 60</b><br/>
<br/>
“We are getting <i>nowhere</i>, here,” Doukas grits his teeth, popping up to fire at the entrenched orks at the engine room.<br/>
<br/>
Somewhere within was mek in charge of the engines of the vessel. You had seen him, in fact. But that was before he retreated before your assault, calling up his guards and blasphemous ork machinery to defend against your push. For every ork or machine you broke, another arrived from the various pathways hacked into the ship’s innards. Occasionally orks appeared from behind you, ensuring that you could not even properly set up a field of fire against the enemy. Hannibal, in this very instant, was dealing with such a rear assault, as the ork crew of the ship advanced in the direction of the sound of a good fight.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Push vs. Pushback<br/>
22 vs. 24</b><br/>
<br/>
Time stretches on, and barely any progress is made. You advance past two barricades, before appropriated lascannons nearly cut you in half despite your armor. Hannibal strides forth, and is brought low, suffering dozens of minor wounds as he is overwhelmed by enemy fire. Bolter shells boom into the skulls of the enemy, striking down one minor mek as it attempts to lob forth some arcane xenos device which explodes amongst their own ranks. But despite the bodies piling up and the various wounds accumulating, you have not pushed forward much at all. It is more than a little frustrating. It is outright <i>enraging</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Aggression vs. Aggression<br/>
66 vs. 94</b><br/>
<br/>
It is the orks that charge, just when you were planning to. A great horde of them bursts from the engine room, and in but a moment they are upon you. Their leader, an ork more cybernetics than flesh, batters aside one of the honor guard with a fiery power klaw, cutting the marine in half entirely and sending the pieces flying. Laughing as it does so, it advances upon you, lighting sparking off of its armor in bizarre shapes and sizes. Around you, the rest of your brothers are similarly engaged, if not by individuals than the great mob.<br/>
<br/>
“You fink you ken come on <i>our </i>ship? NUFFIN’ DOIN’, BEAKY!” it bellows, spittle flying from a mostly metal jaw.<br/>
<br/>
“It was the Imperium’s once, beast. And it will be <i>again</i>,” you growl, lifting Godsplitter high.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blow For Blow<br/>
69 vs. 70<br/>
Gabriel Angelos vs. Mecha-Nob<br/>
76 vs. 56</b><br/>
<br/>
It’s first swing misses, a single step backwards taking out just barely out of range. The force behind the blow was considerable, however, allowing you to take advantage of a sudden stumbling step to slam your hammer into its arm, shattering the bone and metal in equal measure. The ork roars, stumbling backward before pointing its other arm – this one replaced with a good many guns at once – and begins firing wildly, spitting brass out on the floor.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fighting Off Mobs<br/>
50 vs. 51<br/>
Gabriel Angelos vs. Mecha-Nob<br/>
87 vs. 44</b><br/>
<br/>
The shots pass harmlessly upon your armor, leaving nothing more than superficial damage. You, on the other hand, use the time to close the distance and manage a massive upright swing of Godsplitter into the ork’s chin, snapping their head backwards and forcing the body to be lifted off the ground entirely for a brief second before falling down once more. Much of its spiked metal jaw replacement was crushed to scrap, the bone beneath now exposed to open air. Growling, it gets up to its feet at a speed that is high in excess of what such a bulk should normally be capable of.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh I iz gonna <i>have fun</i> guttin’ you!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ongoing Struggle<br/>
17 vs. 13<br/>
Gabriel Angelos vs. Mecha-Nob<br/>
94 vs. 2</b><br/>
<br/>
You do not gut your opponent, but you <i>do</i> obliterate his insides as you plant Godsplitter into its stomach again and again, until a great blast erupts from its back with your hammer’s head poking out the other end. The ork stumbles forward, struggling to swing at you one more time with one more insult dribbling out of its broken face, before you end it with another swing against the top of its head, bringing the entire body down with the strike. That, of course, ends it, before you turn to the rest of the fighting.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Leader Slain: 10</b><br/>
<br/>
At the sight of their leader so conclusively slain, the orks scatter. Even the ones who had been winning their fights take to running, where they are gunned down in the back. Wounds aplenty, though none of your brothers have died just yet – save perhaps for the two who were lost to the void. Even so, as this goes on, even those of the honor guard cannot simply go on without aid. It is fortunate, then, that Falkor Ryll was not torn out of the boarding torpedo and can go about his own work while the rest of your brothers accompany you into the engine room.<br/>
<br/>
“The cowardly mek fled, Angelos,” Hannibal reports to you as you set about sabotaging the engines.<br/>
<br/>
At the least, this ship will not be allowed to flee. Bonebreaka will be trapped here.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================<br/>​</div><b>Penitent Engines vs. Deff Dreads<br/>
28 vs. 2</b><br/>
<br/>
“Die! Die! Die!”<br/>
<br/>
“AHHHHHHHHHH!”<br/>
<br/>
Across the corridor the machines clashed, each with their pilots fused forever with their machines, each slamming into one another. Purity seals flapped upon chainfists as they grappled just beneath spinning sawblades daubed in greenskin paints. The ork within one deff dread was cooked within his machine, even as the penitent engine’s insane dribbling pilot stomped over it, heading endlessly towards the next target. Amidst the feet of the small giants ran orks and sisters of battle alike, firing towards one another with whatever weapon they could find.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Forward Push<br/>
62 vs. 15</b><br/>
<br/>
Bereft of enough height to fly, the seraphim instead stalked forward, bolt pistols booming one after another. Around them came squads of sororitas, plasma guns and flamers bursting again and again. The heavy bolters held in the hands of some were of especially potent use, shredding cackling gretchin who leapt upon the deff dreads to try and effect repairs. Others, like the celestian squad, had grouped together in a tight formation that brought death to each and every target they sighted. Ahead of them all, the Canoness Superior brought her fists against the legs of another deff dread, bringing it low before angrily tearing open the casing to reveal the ork who had been wired in the machine. The ork died screaming.<br/>
<br/>
In an image that would be recorded in the annals of the Order, regardless of whether she lived by the end of the battle or not, would be of Margaret Tenenbaum rising up from the body of the thoroughly destroyed deff dread, utterly drenched in red. Like the Patron Saint Mina, for whom their parent Order of the Bloody Rose had been formed, the Canoness was utterly painted red by the blood of her enemies. Around her, the blood of the xeno had thoroughly coated the ground, just as the shrine where Saint Mina had fallen had been covered in the blood of the assassins who murdered her. For a moment Margaret paused, but it was only to take a breath.<br/>
<br/>
“ADVANCE!” she bellowed, and the Lost Rosetta obeyed.<br/>
<br/>
The orks had fought hard, and dozens of sisters died with each push through every zone, but not nearly enough had fallen just yet. Far more remained behind, setting up chokepoints, killing fields, and traps for the many thousands more orks who still lived on the ship and would be coming for them.Through corridors, through chambers, and areas of the ship that had been hacked open in the mad designs of the ork meks who had reigned over the ship’s fate for far too long, the Lost Rosetta had pushed. Not towards the gun emplacements, nor the void shield emitters, or even the life support systems. There had only ever been one place, one location, which the Order had fought towards in all their concentrated strength.<br/>
<br/>
Pushing past some her sisters, Margaret glared at her target, and took a running start before slamming both of her flamefists into the large doors which blocked the way. The same ork face which adorned so much of greenskin creations, dedicated to either the god Gork or Mork, shattered inward, and collapsed onto the ground. Dust and rust filled the air equally before clearing out, revealing the large bridge required for the running of an Apocalypse-class Battleship. In the center, brooding over a tactical map which bled a dozen different colors and marked out a hundred different warning signs in gothic, stood a massive ork practically the size of the penitent engines themselves.<br/>
<br/>
“BONEBREAKAAAAAAAAAAAA! FACE ME!”<br/>
<br/>
The warboss turned, and glanced down from his platform to look at the humans below, and snorted.<br/>
<br/>
“And Zurn sed ‘ee could kill ya. Well, Face-eata,” Bonebreaka turned to shove one of his nearby nobs in the shoulder. “Looks like yer getting’ yer chance anyway. Go KILL DEM!” he suddenly shouted before turning back to the tactical map. “I’ze got a battle to run ‘ere!”<br/>
<br/>
The nob in question took a running start and leapt from the platform, landing heavily on the deckplates below with enough weight to dent them, and raised his whirring chainaxes. From across the rest of the bridge, a great many other orks who had nothing else to do but watch grots and ‘betta orks’ poke at consoles began to gather behind him. On the other side of the sisters of battle, Margaret distinctly heard the noise of approaching mobs from behind, which squads turned about to deal with. In her ear, reports from the entire staggered approach of her remaining sisters reported similar attacks hitting all points.<br/>
<br/>
“The Emperor protects. Let the darkness be rent by noise and flame, and be <b>broken</b> by it,” Margaret hissed as she moved forward.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================​</div><br/>
<b>Imperial Navy vs. Ork Fleet<br/>
11 vs. 4</b><br/>
<br/>
In the void above Spinesnap, the battle raged on. A new swarm of resupplied bombers blew great holes in the kill kroozers and ork battleship, while lance weaponry tore apart those ships who had maneuvered away from initial assaults. Torpedoes, vast in their number, fell against the enemy, hulls cracking and breaking beneath them. In the center, an immovable rock, was the fleet of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Operations: 79</b><br/>
<br/>
“Whatever happened to this noble vessel’s crew, we have taken vengeance for them!” Marcus cried aloud, holding <i>Wisdom </i>aloft in one hand, and the head of a particularly vicious ork nob in the other.<br/>
<br/>
The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company cheered as they continued setting their explosives, previously set ones being detonated in short order. As the engines of the ship died, along with its guns, Marcus took a small amount of pleasure in marking its new status in the shared tactical information being passed between all of the allied ships. The orks on this ship had been particularly proud of their craft, as well one should be when in possession of a strike cruiser, but they had not been prepared for the fury of a space marine company. Which, in and of itself, was curious all things considered. Perhaps it was a severely understrength company that had been taken by surprise.<br/>
<br/>
Stranger things had happened in the galaxy.<br/>
<br/>
“Let us move on, brothers! This ship is disabled enough for the Imperial Navy to take it from here.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap Void Combat<br/>
75 vs. 18</b><br/>
<br/>
“It appears that we’ll have to remove the Mars battlecruiser from the list, Captain,” the helmsman informed Marcus through grit teeth while maneuvering through the battle. “It just got cored, and then blasted to further pieces by the Navy.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see. Well, we will just have to do our best, then,” Marcus murmured. “The enemy kroozers have been largely overwhelmed as well…but that pile of scrap they call a battleship is still functional.”<br/>
<br/>
“Somehow,” Hamul grunted from next to him. “I <i>hate</i> ork ships. They make no sense at the best of times.”<br/>
<br/>
“We have a problem, enemy point defenses around the hangar are active, initiating evasive maneuvers!” the serf pilot suddenly shouted, and all the marines who heard immediately grabbed onto what handholds they could.<br/>
<br/>
All of the thunderhawks present began to dip and careen wildly in the void, dancing this way and that in an effort to avoid the incoming fire. Orks, finding targets up close for once, eagerly slammed on the buttons of their consoles and stuffed grots into firing tubes in an effort to score a kill against the thunderhawks. Or just to hear the sound that their guns made. In many cases, the motivations were twinned in significance.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battleship Boarding vs. Active Defenses<br/>
97 vs. 64</b><br/>
<br/>
Remarkably, all of the thunderhawks made it through without being scuffed. Some enterprising gunships even twisted sideways to rake the point defenses on the way in, while one transporter thunderhawk went through the somewhat excessive effort of slamming its hull down on top of an ork mob while sliding into the chamber. Almost immediately, to Marcus’ surprise, he could hear bickering amongst the vox channels between the pilots of the gunships and the transporters. Apparently they were comparing the relative merits of their vehicles, having been trained by either one techmarine for the gunships and by another for the transporters.<br/>
<br/>
As it was, the hangar they had chosen as their egress point had been cleared by the efforts of the thunderhawks themselves before any of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company actually managed to get out.<br/>
<br/>
“To battle, my brothers,” Marcus called out, “Guns first, then engines, then shields! As before! Let none find us wanting!”<br/>
<br/>
“LET NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================<br/>​</div><b>Dustboom Combat (2) <br/>
Imperial Guard Orbitals Assault: 83<br/>
Ork Orbitals Defense: 85<br/>
Ork Vehicles: 8<br/>
Blood Raven Crushing: 53</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>Hadrian fired again and again down into the stompa’s insides. Atop the wildly swinging machine, he burned a hole wide enough to drop a handful of krak grenades inside. Bikes roared their way along the narrow passes between different scrap piles, while razorbacks trundled forward, punishing each and every greenskin who dared to rise up from the heaps with guns in hand. There were not dozens, but hundreds of them, seemingly firing outright boxes of metal and haphazard screws as guns…and it worked. Not well enough, but regardless.<br/>
<br/>
Eventually, however, the stompa fell…or at least collapsed slightly. Its bulk and design was such that it could not outright fall over without much more significant force, but the drivers and loaders within were little more than bloody chunks or melted meat. It was enough for Hadrians’ tastes, and he leapt off of it to land in the dust below.<br/>
<br/>
“Apparently the Guard made another run at the orbital towers. Just one this time, concentrated force,” Ateren said upon his completed descent.<br/>
<br/>
“Did they meet with success?”<br/>
<br/>
“Apparently not. Nor did they <i>lose</i>…it appears to be a bit of a stalemate.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian sighed, before looking out at the rest of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
“Some of our battle brothers are injured, but none so far gone as to be on deaths door. A few of our razorbacks are starting to feel the wear and tear of this place, and need maintenance…but we’ll keep pressing, I think.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course, Captain.”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
========================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Tunnel Pushing (2)<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 13<br/>
Ork Defenders: 20<br/>
Blood Raven Attackers: 21</b><br/>
<br/>
“They might as well hang back, this intersection is utterly impassible,” Calus grumbled, occasionally firing with his rapier whenever he thought he had a clear shot.<br/>
<br/>
Which, as it turned out, was not actually that often.<br/>
<br/>
What with the Guard continually rushing in, the threat of commissars blowing off heads right behind them.<br/>
<br/>
“If you have time to complain, you have time to work on what we’ve recovered,” Daedal called over from where he had given up on firing his rapier entirely for the multi-melta he’d pulled from the muck.<br/>
<br/>
“Bloody stalemates,” Calus groused, before turning away from his rapier and taking up the assault cannon he’d found.<br/>
<br/>
“The orks are <i>entrenched</i>, Calus, its part of their nature when their precious ‘gubbins’,” Daedal quoted the air, “Are in danger.”<br/>
<br/>
“We’re all aware of a Bad Moon ork’s proclivities, Daedal!” Calus waved his arms in the air for a moment, as if grasping at the heavens themselves in his frustration. “Or at least I am. I still remember Cyrus’ lessons when I was but an initiate.”<br/>
<br/>
Both shuddered slightly at the memory of the one who had trained them, back when he possessed two eyes of flesh.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor! Stop dying, and start killing the enemy!” a commissar shouted, before his head was blown off by the orks who were firing down the tunnel from behind visible sparking shields.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Sahprize Tellyporta Attack!<br/>
15! </b><br/>
<br/>
A great explosion of light and gore behind their positions and amidst the guardsmen waiting for their chance to run to their deaths nearly bowled Calus and Daedal over. As both rose up, they heard the screaming start from the Guardsmen who were now unfortunately covered in ork entrails. Rolling to a stop in front of Daedal was a surprised ork mek’s head, large tesla coils still sticking out of its skull. There was enough blood and offal which had erupted from the apparently failed teleportation for an entire mob of orks. Daedal coughed, and immediately turned back to his assault cannon, grumbling as he had to wipe the barrels clean of blood.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================<br/>​</div><b>Taking Some Guns: 99</b><br/>
<br/>
Amidst the bodies of the slain, you marched over various ork corpses towards where the honor guard were setting the latest explosives. Hannibal was, as it turned out, giving last rites to a group of dead sisters of battle, their armor broken and bloodied where they had fallen. You have no idea where the Order of the Lost Rosetta is – though you have your suspicions – but these ones seemed especially broken by their foes. It was unlikely that their boarding attempt would result in <i>every</i> single boarding pod landing in the same place. Cut off, alone, they had apparently made a run for the weapon systems of the battleship, and had died for it.<br/>
<br/>
“Weapon systems are still intact, for now, Chapter Master,” Doukas saluted to you. “If I may…”<br/>
<br/>
“Speak, Captain,” you tell him while scanning the entrances to this place.<br/>
<br/>
“We have control, here, of at least the port broadside lance turrets. We could…try to fire them, to aid the Navy?”<br/>
<br/>
Your raised eyebrow is all you need to inform him of your need for clarification.<br/>
<br/>
“The port broadside lance turrets are facing the ork battleship. They wouldn’t be expecting it.”<br/>
<br/>
Hmm. It could potentially greatly aid against the ungainly yet gargantuan beast. And it is not as if you are not going to destroy the controls to these guns after you leave, removing them from the ability of Bonebreaka to control at all. It will enrage the techpriests, but they will just as likely be placated by the ability to <i>repair</i> the damage in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
“Attempt it, Captain.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Lance Broadside Attempt: 92</b><br/>
<br/>
The entire battleship trembles faintly as the lance fires, and you can see upon the screens available that the ork battleship is struck fully along its flank. The sheer power behind the lances bore holes directly through the entire vessel, leaving holes capable of seeing through to the other side unhindered. Almost immediately guns from the battleship respond, attacking at the one that attacked them, which in turn makes ork gunners on the vessel you <i>are</i> onboard begin firing right back. What a pleasant result. You nod at Doukas, who grins in turn, before all of your brothers ready themselves to leave.<br/>
<br/>
“This <i>should</i> break up their ability to fire the larger weaponry of the ship, and we can move on. With the engines destroyed, we could go for the void shields, Chapter Master,” Apollo informs you as you head away through the corridors with a series of detonations going on behind you.<br/>
<br/>
“No, this fight must end here and now. We shall head for where the enemy is strongest which is – I suspect – where the sisters of battle are as well.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hopefully the Navy can take advantage of our actions.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Navy Taking Advantage: 54</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================<br/>​</div><b>Lost Rosetta vs. Bridge Forces<br/>
42 vs. 45</b><br/>
<br/>
All about the bridge, greenskins lay dead or dying, with more sisters moving onto the bridge the whole while. At the same time, the orks were continuing to flow in, some crawling through the ships’s body in haphazardly made tunnels and hatches just to get at the fight. At the foot of the staircase leading up to the tactical command platform upon which Bonebreaka stood, however, another fight still continued.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Margaret vs. Nob-Guard Face-Eata<br/>
57 vs. 54</b><br/>
<br/>
Each blow was either deflected, blocked, or relegate to minor wounding status. Ork snarled at woman who growled at ork. Both fought relentlessly, and recklessly, their only goal being the death of the immediate foe in front of them. A blast of flame set a green shoulder aflame, while a chainaxe dragged a ragged line in Margaret’s stomach armor, flecks of blood spilling out from within.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Margaret vs. Nob-Guard Face-Eata<br/>
53 vs. 13</b><br/>
<br/>
Until Margaret grabbed at the chainaxes themselves, and with the additional strength granted by her flamefists, shoved them forward until they were ripping and tearing away at their wielder’s throat. As Face-eata sputtered from a suddenly opened throat, a hand coming up to try and hold it closed, Margaret punched forward and out the other end of the ork’s neck, the erupting powerfield from her blow obliterating hand and spinal cord simultaneously.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dodge!<br/>
36</b><br/>
<br/>
She only just barely managed to fall backwards from the incoming bulk of Bonebreaka, who uncaringly squashed the corpse of his subordinate beneath steel-shod boots. An enormous hammer swung down, lighting and small gouts of flame bursting out of it as it struck the ground. The shockwave sent Margaret tumbling further, her body slamming along the ground as she was thrown clear, the ceramite of her armor cracking further even while she struggled to stand.<br/>
<br/>
“Now <i>dis</i>, <i>dis</i> is the foight I wanted. What twiggy promised, ‘e did,” Bonebreaka said casually, hefting the hammer over on its shoulder with casual strength that a space marine in terminator armor would struggle to replicate, “E’ said, e’ did. ‘Go dere, and wait, Bonebreaka, and dem humies’ll come runnin’. You spent too long krumpin’ away from dat ‘Imperium’ ov deres.”<br/>
<br/>
“You do not even care that your forces are failing, that your followers are dead,” Margaret spat as she knelt, wobbling slightly on her feet, a hand pressed to her side.<br/>
<br/>
Bonebreaka laughed.<br/>
<br/>
“Why wud I? THEY DIED FOIGHTIN! An’ now…,” he chuckled deeply, “So iz you!”<br/>
<br/>
“I will die…,” Margaret stood, “When the Emperor desires it…and NOT BEFORE!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Canoness Superior Margaret  vs Warboss Bonebreaka<br/>
92 vs. 12</b><br/>
<br/>
Bonebreaka passed through the twin blasts of concentrate flame sent his way without a single pause, only to blink as Margaret ducked under his arms and slammed both flamefists into his side, the heavy metal plating buckling beneath her strikes. Roaring, he spun, slamming the hammer down again and tearing apart more deckplates, the shockwave nearly knocking the woman down again on sheer concussive power, only for her to leap up and grasp onto one of the hanging spikes on the armor and punching against one of the few bare points of flesh on Bonebreaka’s body. As the flesh and bone exploded, the ork gave a mixture of a roar and laugh, before spinning about again and attempting to pluck the canoness off.<br/>
<br/>
<b>19 vs. 47</b><br/>
<br/>
Which, despite her best efforts, he managed to do, dropping his massive gun in order to do so. Margaret howled as a massive green hand tightened around her torso, only for it to be cut off as Bonebreaka slammed her face first into the deck, shattering the cartilage of her nose and creating a pleasing – to an ork – crunching noise in her left shoulder. Margaret screamed again as he lifted her up and slammed her down again.<br/>
<br/>
<b>85 vs. 52</b><br/>
<br/>
With a growl, and the ceramite armor over her pauldron thoroughly destroyed, Margaret scrabbled for a purchase with her feet and then with a bloodcurdling scream twisted and wrenched herself about – dislocating her shoulder entirely in the process – so that she could aim her flame fist in Bonebreaka’s eye. The blast, so close, burned through the orb entirely, blazing promethium licking at the ork’s frontal lobe while scorching Bonebreaka’s green flesh black and dead. The Warboss roared, releasing her entirely, while he stumbled backwards, still laughing.<br/>
<br/>
Another wrench and pop, and Margaret slammed her shoulder back into its socket, and stomped after Bonebreaka who had already recovered. All the while they circled, the fight continued across the rest of the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
<b>93 vs. 20</b><br/>
<br/>
“You iz wun <i>crazy</i> humie,” Bonebreaka guffawed before charging in again with a series of wild swings.<br/>
<br/>
“Faith in the Emperor is not insanity,” she hissed back, dodging beneath each heavy swing with the warboss’ weapon, each strike sure to kill her outright if it struck her head-on. “Dedication to the death of the xeno is not insanity!” she began to yell, punching and tearing at Bonebreaka’s armor.<br/>
<br/>
“SUFFER NOT THE XENO TO LIVE?! <i>THAT</i> IS NOT INSANITY!”<br/>
<br/>
Both flamefists smashed into Bonebreaka’s chest, flames triggering immediately afterward after the powerfields erupted. Bonebreaka stumbled back, yet that was not nearly enough to kill him, the warboss settling on his feet once more soon enough.<br/>
<br/>
<b>5 vs. 67</b><br/>
<br/>
Suddenly flipping the grip of the hammer, Bonebreaka stabbed out with the thick spike at the bottom of his weapon, impaling Margaret through the stomach entirely and sticking out the back. A surprised wheeze left her lips as she was lifted high in the air, Bonebreaka laughing all the while before a finger pressed against the side of his hammer which ran lighting through the entire weapon. The thickened leather and natural constitution of his race kept the electricity from hurting him, but with the spike embedded in her stomach, Margaret had no such protection. She screamed aloud, entire body spasming wildly. Any weapon she might have held would have fallen off, and yet her flamefists remained secure on her body. Then Bonebreaka flipped the hammer again, and slammed the hammer’s spike – and its occupant – into the floor of the deck again.<br/>
<br/>
<b>78 vs. 23</b><br/>
<br/>
“Well, dat was fun, but-,” Bonebreaka began to saw before he felt his own hammer wriggling in his grip.<br/>
<br/>
“RrrrraaAAGGGGGHHH!” Margaret screamed as she writhed, before she began wildly punching at the deckplate itself, smashing downwards again and again before the divot was wide enough for her to kick and twist herself free in a gout of blood.<br/>
<br/>
A swinging hammer blow of one of her flamefists pulped Bonebreaka’s left foot – or at least the front half of it – before she steadily got to her feet, bleeding freely from the hole in her stomach. Another blast of flame, and another punch directly to Bonebreaka’s left knee exploded cartilage and snapped the joint backwards with its force, the front half of the knee simply <i>gone</i> entirely.<br/>
<br/>
<b>39 vs. 74</b><br/>
<br/>
Even as Bonebreaka fell forward slightly, he was striking out with his hand, heavy metal studs embedded along the knuckles which backhanded Margaret across almost the whole of her body. The canoness was sent skidding to the side, stumbling as she released a cough of blood from her lips before they twisted into a snarl once more. She had barely begun to rise, however, when Bonebreaka brought his hammer down, guarding his ruined leg behind him, releasing a flowing shockwave of force through some sort of ork techno-sorcery. Despite her best attempt, Margaret was sent flying once more, this time her back slammed into one of the gun consoles on the bridge where a grot had once sat, shattering the machinery completely.<br/>
<br/>
<b>100 vs. 30</b><br/>
<br/>
“And lo,” Margaret called out, her voice impossibly loud and clear despite the wounds she’d taken, all the while pulling herself free and standing. “Did the Saint Tevalia RISE UP! From her wounds and the depravities of her enemies, from her funeral bier and unto the last black day of the heretics who had ruled her world!”<br/>
<br/>
She pulled herself free entirely, uncaring of the shrapnel that had embedded itself all along her body and set her to bleeding even further.<br/>
<br/>
“From the lowest of places, cast from the high spires of her father, to wallow in the muck…only to learn that it was in that place away from true corruption where the truly faithful were found!”<br/>
<br/>
Bonebreaka slammed his hammer down again, only this time Margaret dodged out of the path of the shockwave.<br/>
<br/>
“FROM THE DEPTHS, DID THE SAINT TEVALIA RISE UP!”  Margaret screamed, running forward now.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“W<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">i</span>th t<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">he a</span>id o<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">f the Emperor,</span> and his <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">divine </span>grace, did <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">Saint Tevalia RISE! UP!</span>” </b><br/>
<br/>
Dodging past his attempts to stop her, the canoness swung a haymacker punch to the side of Bonebreaka’s jaw, snapping his head back as the powerfield erupted. A second punch found its way into his throat, blowing through the armor there and tearing at the fleshwithin.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Against the <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">ALIEN</span>! Against the <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">HERETIC</span>! Against the <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">MUTANT</span>!”</b><br/>
<br/>
“What in Mork’s name,” Bonebreaka snarled before he was punched in the stomach again.<br/>
<br/>
<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>“AGAINST ALL THE ENEMIES OF MAN! DID THE SAINT TEVALIA! RISE! UP!!!!!”</b></span><br/>
<br/>
Bonebreaka lifted his arms, punched, swung, kicked, snarled, snapped his teeth at, roared, and bellowed all the while as he was beaten to death. The warboss fought every step of the way, hands finding knives and blades on his person to try and hack away at the woman who had knocked him onto his back and began pummeling him. He did this until enough punches and their subsequent explosions had rendered his arms into useless meat. Then he moved to trying to use his head, to use anything he could, even his still functioning leg.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Trying To Throw It Off: 67</b><br/>
<br/>
For a wonder, he almost managed it, swinging her almost aside, before she dug her fingers into Bonebreaka’s eyesocket, fingers ripping around the bridge of his nose and pulling until she had outright removed Bonebreaka’s entire face and the front of his skull. His tongue lapped uselessly at the open air, tusk broken, as she continued to bring her fists down again and again.<br/>
<br/>
Just as their parent order, the Order of the Bloody Rose, the Lost Rosetta wore armor of black and red. Over the course of the fighting, from Greenkrump to ship to ship, that paint had been marred by blood and soot in equal measure. Not so, here, as Bonebreaka died. Here, the blood of the alien so completely drenched the canoness’ body, from head to toe, that the only color on her was red. From hair to exposed flesh, was only crimson.<br/>
<br/>
Only her blue eyes remained untouched, though the whites were bloodshot, and though only Bonebreaka would see it before his death, for the last seconds of the ork’s life the blue had become shot through with blazing gold…which only faded when the warboss breathed his last.<br/>
<br/>
Chest heaving, slowly Margaret rolled off of the still twitching corpse into the hands of her celestians.<br/>
<br/>
“The Emperor prevails! For the Emperor!” one of them shouted, fist raised high, a call carried across the whole of the Lost Rosetta, while Margaret was slowly lowered to the ground, already gone limp.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================​</div><br/>
“I think…that we have arrived a bit late,” Doukas murmurs as you pass the various forbidding expressions of the sisters of battle, the sound of a cheer starting up only a moment after you are within hearing range of the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
“FOR THE EMPEROR! FOR THE EMPEROR! FOR THE EMPEROR!”<br/>
<br/>
The cheer is slowly taken up but with increasing speed as it reaches the ears of more sisters of battle, surrounded as they are with the bodies of their own slain and many, many orks. When you finally do reach the bridge, the cheering lowers in volume quite significantly, as a horrifically blood-slathered Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum stands upright – barely – with an arm slung around the shoulder of one of her celestians. The great green bulk, practically torn open at the chest and skull, can only be Warboss Bonebreaka.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah,” the canoness says as you sees you, “The Blood Ravens. Huzzah. We are saved,” she terminates her words with a hacking cough, and it is only then that you see that there is, in fact, a large hole in her middle. It was hard to see her own blood amongst all of the other blood.<br/>
<br/>
“Lady Tenenbaum,” you finally say, bowing your head to her and her accomplishment.<br/>
<br/>
“Where is the rest of your…chapter?” she grunts, her voice thin and waspish as her celestians struggle to keep her upright. “Mmm? Marching across the bodies of my slain sisters to steal glory?”<br/>
<br/>
You can feel Apollo stiffen next to you, but you raise your hand to forestall his immediate acerbic response.<br/>
<br/>
“Nay, Canoness. We came to strike out at this vessel, hoping to disable its various systems to allow the Navy to reclaim it…as well as offer what aid to you that we could. The rest of our Chapter is still on Dustboom, Shinehole…or amongst the fleet combat even now, attempting to preserve as many Imperial vessels as possible from destruction.”<br/>
<br/>
She squints at you, for a moment, before scoffing.<br/>
<br/>
“Well…your help is appreciated,” comes her reply, as drenched in sarcasm as she herself is in blood.<br/>
<br/>
“Our breaching torpedo was damaged on entry,” you explain, “We were forced to land at a tertiary breaching point – and on our way here we disabled the engines and weapon systems of the ship, to prevent its escape and ability to continue firing upon the Imperial Navy.”<br/>
<br/>
<i>That</i> at least, seems to get an interested noise from her, before she finally grunts as she is helped to sit on the steps leading up to the command platform on the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
“I see. Good for you.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see you are wounded, Canoness Tenenbaum,” Falkor suddenly says, “Can I offer any assistance?”<br/>
<br/>
His step forward is matched with the cocking of many, many bolters in the hands of the Lost Rosetta, while Margaret props her arm upon her elbow to rest her chin in one hand. Her other hand, of course, is busy holding itself against the hole in her stomach.<br/>
<br/>
“We have chirurgeon's tools of our own, space marine. Sister Agatha?”<br/>
<br/>
One of the celestians approaches, pulling tools out from specially designed compartments from her armor. One of the Hospitaller, then. You know that occasionally the sororitas from those orders might come to work alongside their militant cousins. Unfortunately, Falkor’s offer only seems to have incensed some of the Lost Rosetta further, perhaps as a perceived insult to their own abilities at healing. Despite the glorious victory they have clearly just one, your very presence is slowly gathering a knife-edge tension into the bridge once more.<br/>
<br/>
“But your offer…,” Margaret finally says, wincing slightly at Sister Agatha’s ministrations. “We have many more wounded than Hospitallers to aid them. You may see to <i>them</i>, so long as some of our own sisters watch you.”<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master?” Falkor turns to you.<br/>
<br/>
“Do the Emperor’s work, brother,” you give him a short nod.<br/>
<br/>
Immediately he moves towards one of the more heavily injured seraphim, who twitches at his approach before being reassured at the sight of two bolters pointed at the back of his head as he kneels to begin his own work. After that, you simply bear the aggressive silence that has engulfed the bridge with consummate stoicism. Margaret is peeled out of her armor, then and there, at the urging of her healer, and after using holy promethium to scorch out and sterilize a portion of the ground, Sister Agatha outright begins performing some minor surgeries as you watch.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================<br/>​</div><b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Efforts: 90<br/>
Navy vs. Orks<br/>
88 vs. 45</b><br/>
<br/>
“You cannot withstand us!” Marcus boomed out, firing his pistol into the most heavily massed ranks of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
Here, surrounded by metal on all sides, he truly could appreciate the sheer devastation that his weapon was capable of. What destruction must the Legions of old been capable of with such devices being more common? He could scarcely imagine it. Then he fired it, and crumpled an incoming mega nob within their own precious armor, and then he could imagine it quite well indeed.<br/>
<br/>
“Trigger the detonations,” he called into the vox, and the battleship shuddered as the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company’s efforts bore their explosive fruits. “Hamul, do we have information on our next target?”<br/>
<br/>
“Well it’s gone, Captain,” the Champion replied.<br/>
<br/>
Marcus paused.<br/>
<br/>
“What?”<br/>
<br/>
“They’re gone. Both of the Overlords are gone. So is the Mars. This…is the last ship. We’ve done the best we could,” Hamul waved the dataslate in his direction. “The Navy did not much care for waiting…as we knew they would not.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmmph. Then they are beginning their boarding parties?”<br/>
<br/>
Hamul pointed at the approaching troop transport heading for the hangar bay.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmph. What of the ork battleship?”<br/>
<br/>
“Apparently either the Lost Rosetta or the Chapter Master took control of Bonebreaka’s flagship temporarily, and blew it almost completely apart with a close-range lance broadside. Or, rather, they hit it, and it began to break apart quite rapidly indeed.”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus did not possess eyelids to blink any longer, but he was also wearing a helmet and so did not need to affect the facial movements. He could not stop himself from tilting his head regardless.<br/>
<br/>
“…the Apocalypse-class has stopped firing entirely?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Captain.”<br/>
<br/>
Considering the insanity the sisters have shown thus far, and the fact that the Chapter Master was surrounded by the honor guard, Hannibal, and Apollo Diomedes himself…<br/>
<br/>
“Then we wait for new orders.”<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Stage 3 Theater Results:</u><br/>
Shinehole Tunnels 50% Cleared.<br/>
Shinehole Ork Leader Remains Unknown.<br/>
High Imperial Guard Casualties On Shinehole.<br/>
Brother Cassius Of 1st Company Requires New Dreadnought Shell For Continued Operations<br/>
2 Plasma Cannons Recovered.<br/>
2 Assault Cannons Recovered.<br/>
------<br/>
Multiple Dustboom Ork Vehicle Formations Destroyed. <br/>
Multiple Stompas and Deff Dreads Destroyed.<br/>
Imperial Guard Casualties High.<br/>
No Blood Raven Casualties Taken. <br/>
3 Rhino Hulls Recovered, Were Being Used As Ork Transports.<br/>
1 Whirlwind Hull Recovered, Was Being Used As Component Of A Gunfortress<br/>
5 Assault Bikes Recovered, Were Being Used As Single Massive Bike.<br/>
Dustboom Orbital Guns Still Undamaged!<br/>
Mekboss Killdakka's Workshop Remains Hidden!<br/>
-------<br/>
Warboss Bonebreaka (Deathskulls) Slain Over Spinesnap!<br/>
Order Of Lost Rosetta Have Sustained 73% Casualties Of Battle-Group Contributed To Crusade<br/>
Looted Strike Cruiser Reclamation Underway<br/>
Looted Apocalypse-class Battleship Reclamation Underway<br/>
Looted Retribution-class Battleship Reclamation Underway<br/>
Looted Oberon-class Battleship Reclamation Underway<br/>
4 1st Company Marines Dead (+8 Gene-Seed Reclaimed)<br/>
2 Honor Guard Marines Lost To Void (Status Unknown)<br/>
WAAAAAGH!! Bonebreaka Broken!</b><br/>
<br/>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Confirmed Naval Presences In System" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Confirmed Naval Presences In System said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b>Greenkrump</b><br/>
- 1 Lunar-class Cruiser<br/>
- 6 Escorts (x2 Cobra, x3 Sword)<br/>
- 2 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
- 3 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 4 Escorts (x3 Firestorm, x1 Cobra)<br/>
- 4 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
- Looted Apocalypse-class Battleship <b>[Reclamation Efforts Underway-Weapons And Engines Disabled]</b><br/>
- Looted Retribution-class Battleship <b>[Reclamation Efforts Underway-Weapons And Engines And Void Shields Disabled]</b><br/>
- Looted Oberon-class Battleship <b>[Reclamation Efforts Underway-Weapons And Engines Disabled]</b><br/>
- Looted Strike Cruiser <b>[Reclamation Efforts Underway-Weapons And Engines Disabled]</b><br/>
vs.<br/>
- 1 Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
- 7 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 8 Escorts (x2 Cobra, x3 Sword, x3 Firestorm)<br/>
- 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
- 3 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
- 4th Company Fleet<br/>
<br/>
<b>Location Unknown, Fled Into Warp</b><br/>
- 1 Emperor-class Battleship<br/>
- 1 Overlord Battlecruiser<br/>
- 1 Lunar-class Cruiser<br/>
- 3 Escorts (x3 Firestorm)
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<u><b>Current Plans For Stage Four Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One/Do Not <i>Need</i> To Select Every One]:</b></u>​</div><br/>
<br/>
<b>Greenkrump</b><br/>
[] Attempt To Own The Ground: The Imperial Guard remains in place on Greenkrump, and managed to fight quite well while being aided by the Order of the Lost Rosetta. They could use more aid in this, though the world itself is in plenty of turmoil besides. The orks lost both of their leaders and are warring against one another, as well as the Guard. The chaos could be quite the advantage if taken soon. You have learned the Order of the Lost Rosetta still alive will be heading for Greenkrump, to return to the forces they initially landed with. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
[] Continued Crushing: The Imperial Guard has taken a beating on Dustboom, but has delivered it in turn. Quality and quantity have turned the tide against the orks, pushing them back across the planet and opening up new avenues of attack. Even so, there yet remain plenty more orks running about in the wasteland, exploding out of mek shops hidden in scrap heaps or rolling out from the mountains, and more. They must be destroyed. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Destroy Orbital Defenses: With the Imperial Guard pushing the orks back currently, even considering the casualties they've taken, the Blood Ravens might turn to more specific courses of action. With concerted pushes, certain orbital guns might be reached, their defenses punched through, and destroyed soon afterward. Once this is done, ships might take better positions, and provide more accurate auspex scanning, orbital fire, and more to the forces on the planet. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Hunting Killdakka: Mekboss Killdakka is one of the few remaining major leaders of the orks of Bonebreaka's cadre. You have not yet found his workshop, and who knows what insanity he is building in there. If he was slain, then surely it would help break the orks on Dustboom faster? [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
[] Honor Guard Retrieval: A space marine lost to the void is not necessarily dead. The Sus-an Membrane may have activated properly. You will need to contribute one of your vessels to track them down - if it is possible at all. [Write-In Ship(s) Dedicated To Search]<br/>
[] Planetary Workshop Obliteration: You know the general location of the ships which launched off of Spinesnap's surface. That is more than enough to find them once you look closer. Of course, they should be heavily protected considering their purpose, and the orks on Spinesnap itself have not yet been harrowed much at all compared to any other planet in the system. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Ship Reclamation Aid: Disabling critical systems is not the same as totally clearing the ships, or even close to it. The orks might well be in their thousands, or tens of thousands, across the vessels you managed to reclaim before the Navy destroyed them. Floods of Navy Armsmen are swarming through the innards of these ships, but you can aid them just as well.<br/>
-[] Apocalypse-class Battleship [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[] Retribution-class Battleship [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[] Oberon-class Battleship [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[] Strike Cruiser [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
[] Further Into The Dark: The beachheads have held, and the Imperial Guard is now pushing through with far greater success, their hearts emboldened by success. The orks are only fighting harder, however, using some of the most advanced weaponry you've ever experienced amongst their kind, and machines as well in the tunnels. But the majority of caverns are still held by the enemy. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================​</div><br/>
<b>Tarantula Dropping<br/>
81! No complications.</b><br/>
<br/>
<b>Drop Spiders: 97</b><br/>
<br/>
The Snakebites of Trontiux III had been forcibly acquainted with the utter devastation possible by fire from the sky. Upon the Black Archipelago, they are introduced once again, to the deathly powers that the stars above could inflict. In this case, drop pods which crashed down amongst them, only to reveal their machinated contents. Multiple drop towers across the islands found themselves crushed from above, and while the orks deigned to investigate, they found it a fool’s errand as the tarantula turrets within began to fire out with ruthless calculated aggression. Small huts were obliterated, while larger nobs who had made the mistake of growing to notably large size were squashed beneath uncaring metal.<br/>
<br/>
Logic engines blazed with energy, rapidly firing and exchanging information amongst themselves in a small coordinated network. Each time the orks began to try to unify, or one leader began to make itself known in an effort to restore order, a hailstorm of shells ended it. Spears of starlight burst from multi-melta barrels, while the most heavily armored of them all found their protection for naught when columns of lascannon fire bored massive holes in their torsos. What had been firmly under control by orkish hands became utter confused and terrified anarchy.<br/>
<br/>
<b>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Advance: 76</b><br/>
<br/>
Some of the orks tried to flee west, into the jungles that had not been set utterly aflame. These found themselves confronted by the armored fist of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. Captain Tarkus slowly and methodically blocked off any egress points, and then drove the tanks of his forces forward in an unfeeling advance. Calls to the orkish gods went unanswered, charges of boar riding orks slaughtered as they drove forward with complete contempt. A wave of squigs was run over, and while the orks were fearless now that they had a target that they could actually <i>fight</i>, there was only so much that they could do with stone tools and simple beaten metal armor. Most did not have even that, sufficing with bone and slathered paint.<br/>
<br/>
“Now, onto the islands themselves!” Tarkus called out, and behind him the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company obeyed.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================<br/>​</div>Pacemen burned. Every ork who lived there, died. Or close to it, it seemed. The jungles were consumed by flame, from coast to coast, fires set aflame by continual blasts from the skies. The hills were flattened, valleys turned to canyons, and paths trod by greenskin feet for centuries vaporized. Every great concentration of orks on the continent was sighted and found. With all the time in the universe to precisely fire here and there, to reload and carefully shoot, there was little to no room for failure. If a bombardment cannon ceased, due to one issue or another, there was plenty of time to solve the problem and placate the machine spirit. Hidden caves were collapsed, secret paths gone from the ground and history itself, the continent slowly scoured by the waiting blasts of utter destruction above. The starships of the space marines were dedicated planetary assault, and in a place where no challenge could be made to them, they went about their work without pause.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================<br/>​</div><b>The Search For Squiggoths<br/>
Scouts: 81<br/>
Scout Sergeants: 30<br/>
Cyrus: 39</b><br/>
<br/>
“I am impressed, my brothers,” Cyrus’ voice came from just behind where the scouts had positioned themselves in the canopy, causing at least four of the squad to jump slightly. “Where I and your sergeants failed…<i>you</i> succeeded.”<br/>
<br/>
In an admittedly cleverly carved divot into one of the jungle valleys, the grunting noises of the squiggoths were kept from escaping by the unique acoustics and attempts by the orks to keep them gagged. All around them all, the orks hacked away at the rock face, attempting to craft for themselves a new cave or five to hide away their precious warbeasts. By now they had learned the painful lesson of what their endless assaults on the humans of this world had brought them. Most of them enjoyed the fight, it was in their nature, but few enjoyed being slaughtered without the ability to even get <i>close</i>. Something that Cyrus was only too happy to keep from happening. If a scout was forced into melee combat against these orks, then they had failed in their basic training or they had bad luck. Either or both.<br/>
<br/>
“T-thank you captain,” one of the scouts finally replied, flinching slightly as Cyrus turned his scowl towards them. “And…we think the warboss is down there too!”<br/>
<br/>
“What?” Cyrus somehow loomed without moving or coming close to betraying their position, “Where?”<br/>
<br/>
The proffered sniper rifle was offered, and Cyrus glared down the scope to where the largest of all the ork creatures slept. The orkeosaurus had fallen asleep, apparently exhausted after a long march away from its pens without a fight to keep its energy up. But atop it…yes, there he was. After all this time, even without a known name, an ork that could only be the warboss of all of those on Trontiux III stood. Upon the creature’s howdah, it tinkered at its massive stone axe, a primitive version of the sorts of weapons that a more advanced ork might use. A thousand small spines of bone had been driven horizontally through its own back, fluted in fashion as they went from the neck to the base of the spine. By size alone, against all other orks that had been sighted across the planet by the naked eye, auspex, and scans from the ships, this had to be the ork.<br/>
<br/>
“Wait here.”<br/>
<br/>
And then he disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Explosive Planting: 55</b><br/>
<br/>
Some of the scouts swore they saw him, in the flash of his camo-cloak, planting explosives about the immediate valley. Thick patrols of orks, discipline created out of fear, marched about endlessly, and with that it was impossible for a full spread to have been dropped. But still, the telltale blink of a few detonation packs and others appeared in visors, Blood Raven codes transmitting to them. As the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company slowly filtered in from across the area, surrounding the valley on all sides, the thunderhawks in the skies above sat at the ready. At least once, they thought they saw the warboss rouse himself, sniffing a few times, before he went back to work on sharpening the obsidian chips that had been embedded along his axe’s edge.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Final Planting: 89</b><br/>
<br/>
From one blink to the next, Cyrus appeared, this time once more in the trees which had become that much fuller of scouts in the meantime. There were no grand proclamations, no warning, no speeches at all. Not even a whisper. The Captain of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and Master of Recruits simply pressed the triggers, and explosions began to ripple across the previously hidden enemy camp. Two squiggoths collapsed outright as their entrails were blasted across the area, while the orkeosaurus roused itself immediately, bellowing at the new scorch marks along its humongous feet. The warboss roared as well, though partially because it was thrown somewhat by the sudden movement and explosives.<br/>
<br/>
“This is Cyrus-Actual to all squads. Fire upon the enemy, and prioritize your targets properly.”<br/>
<br/>
High above, the thunderhawks began their descent.<br/>
<br/>
<b>10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Barrage: 13<br/>
Thunderhawk Bombing Runs: 7<br/>
Cyrus Sniping: 96</b><br/>
<br/>
It was, certainly, not the best display the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had ever achieved. The explosions going off had kicked up a significant amount of dust, while the orks themselves ran in all directions firing what few guns they had all over the place. Boars squealed and ran back and forth, bowling over their masters and plenty more orks besides, while the squiggoths began to trample all before accidentally slamming into one another. The thunderhawk bombs failed to hit anything significant amongst the enemy, and instead did just the opposite. A tree blown from its bottom collapsed, bringing with it the scouts who had taken it for their own perch, and though none died the snapping of bone and limb were audible to one with ears as finely trained as Cyrus’.<br/>
<br/>
As the warboss roared for order, for a foe to fight, for the simple act of roaring, it revealed itself as the orkeosaurus revealed itself by rearing upwards and pawing in the direction of the thunderhawks. Cyrus narrowed his still organic eye, before sighting and firing in a single snap-shot of his sniper rifle. The open mouth of the warboss, leaning back to scream, atop a rearing orkeosaurus, was perfect enough. The small brain within the ork’s skull disappeared, along with the crown of his head, as the bullet shot directly up through the gullet and into the brainpan. As the ork toppled off of his mount, the death alone seemed to be sensed somehow by the orks as they panicked even further.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ork Leadership: 55<br/>
Surrounded On All Sides: 86</b><br/>
<br/>
Thankfully, after the initial series of incredibly disappointing shots from his Company, Cyrus felt his spirits lift ever so fractionally as the scouts and neophytes alike re-sighted. More measured blasts started to come from those equipped with bolters, while those who had been granted the usage of sniper rifles started to actually manage to pick off their targets. Squiggoths above were blasted by thunderhawks who actually managed to hit their targets for once, while Cyrus continued his own brutal campaign against every ork possible. A nob with a hammer rose up, thumping its fellows and pointing in the direction of the trees, before the nob’s head was forcibly removed. And so it went, across the entire valley, the orks releasing their pets and creatures in all directions, only to have their precious companions die.<br/>
<br/>
Some of the orks, regardless, managed to reach the treeline, only to find out that simply getting to the vast examples of divergent arboreal life harder to destroy than they might have hoped. Purpled leaves fell as the orks hacked away at the trunks, only for them to be easy targets for the scouts above. Some, Cyrus noted clinically, managed to swing down to the lower branches, firing shotguns at those greenskins who attempted to climb up. It was always good to see space marines that did not forget that it was entirely possible to kill the enemy in more than one way. Too many times had he seen assault marines forget about the possibility of a full bolter, or devastators remiss on their close-combat training. It was why he preferred those of the general populace of a Chapter, the tactical marine, over almost all others.<br/>
<br/>
Almost.<br/>
<br/>
“Cyrus, come in,” Tarkus’ voice crackeld through the vox. “We’ve taken the Black Archipelago, the orks are fleeing in both directions, to Petramis and Pacemen alike.”<br/>
<br/>
“Enemy warboss down, and we are dealing with what appears to be the last core strength of his forces. Hold your position Tarkus.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course. Fight well, brother.”<br/>
<br/>
“And you.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus glared down at the orks, before disappearing into the dust and blood once more. He’d killed the warboss, yes, but needed to capture at least one ork capable of speaking. After all, the Chapter’s records thrived on thoroughness, and without a name…well. It was why he was going to get said name.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Stage 3 Trontiux III Results</u><br/>
Snakebite Warboss Boneback Slain! Core Of Nobs Slain! <br/>
Black Archipelago Taken, No Casualties. <br/>
8 Scouts [1st Stage] Injured In Orkeosaurus Hunt, Will Be Healed By Next Turn.<br/>
Pacemen Ecosytem Devastated, Ork Populace Largely Obliterated. <br/>
Trontiux III Snakebite WAAAGH!!! Completely Broken/Survivors Scattered. <br/>
Ork Population Of Trontiux Reduced To Somewhat High From Extremely High.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><u><b>Current Plans For Final Stage Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One]:</b></u><br/>​</div><b>Trontiux III</b><br/>
[] Continued Culling: The back of the orks here have been broken tremendously. Pacemen is set aflame, from coast to coast, the lush jungle which once granted the orks of this place cover and a rich environment to grow their numbers burning to ash. The orks of Petramis are still high in number, but are on the run as well with the death of their leader and a resurgent human populace. However, more can be done. The orks must continue to be brought low, and while total extermination is likely not fully possible, you may be able to push them to that point. All the better for humanity to grow stronger here. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
[] Leave: Your work is here is done. The Warboss slain, WAAAGH!! broken, Pacemen an inferno. The orks have sustained heavy casualties on Petramis as well. The human lords now have their chance to push back against the threat, and reclaim their citadel-cities. It is time to return to Aurelia…or, perhaps to join up with Chapter Master Angelos. It is highly unlikely that that conflict will be over by the time you get there.<br/>
-[] Aurelia [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>
-[] Angelos [Write-In Forces Sent]</div>
  </body>
</html>