<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 (Part Seven): By Duty, Bring Death</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 (Part Seven): By Duty, Bring Death</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Focus On The Enemy</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] <b>Focus On The Enemy:</b> While there are few great foes to slay now, whatleadership remains fighting amongstthemselves, there remain great swathes of the enemy still present. The chance to further prove yourselves to the rest of the Imperium before the Emperor's eyes is one you should take wholeheartedly. Though your wargear and vehicle pool was depleted, there remains more fighting to be done. While what might be recovered could be lost forever, you can build anew someday, while focusing on killing the enemy here and now. This will mean plunging into the remaining enemy territory.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><b>By Duty, Bring Death<br/>
+030.M42+ To +035.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain Now! Reward In The Afterlife!</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
<b>Greenkrump (Guard): 92<br/>
Shinehole (Guard/Mechanicus): 79<br/>
Spinesnap (Guard/Sororitas): 20<br/>
Dustboom (Guard/Mechanicus): 54</b><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Brothers. You fought well, all of you, regardless of where you were or why. None found you wanting. For the glory of the Chapter, we have driven back the alien!"<br/>
<br/>
This is not Fenris, with its raucous celebrations. Nevertheless, the Blood Ravens stand tall, and though the expressions are somewhat mild among most, there is a fierce joy in your heart whether mechanical or not at the destruction you have levied against the enemy. A Recruiting World saved, and a new star system given into the light of the Imperium. Even as you left, you saw ships arriving carrying the specialized equipment and personnel to take the worlds reclaimed from the greenskins and transform them into proper bastions for humanity. Though you lost a precious tomb-brother, and more besides that without the chance for the sarcophagus, victory was achieved regardless. Further, based on the extremely wary approval of Cyrus, he believes that many of his scouts will be worthy of promotion to full battle brothers soon. Not immediately, but soon. You also find it heartening to say that for all of the distrust and hatred levied upon the Blood Ravens, the Imperial Guard is at least less struck by throttling hatred of you. Past disagreements and open violence between Blood Ravens and the Guard are a shameful thing, Victory Bay and Kaurava bringing naught but dark memories. The Navy is pleased that they have new battleships to their name, though the greater acknowledged heroes of the void battle - in boarders at least - over Spinesnap was the Order of the Lost Rosetta. They showed their fury on Spinesnap just as well.<br/>
<br/>
Upon Greenkrump, the Blood Ravens appeared again and again out of the skies or through the jungles, saving Guardsmen as they fought against the orks infesting the world. Scouts weaned on Trontiux found their skills tested again, highly, by the battles against orks that could properly shoot back for once. They were not found wanting. Some Chapters might have ignored the Guard entirely during the battles, but you are the Blood Ravens. Time and again, you have seen the true worth of humanity, beyond the arms of the space marines. Hannibal too, believes this strongly. He does not profess a worship of the Emperor as a God, but he hails the Emperor's flock as his own. In his own words, 'Are they not the sons and daughters of the Emperor, as all humanity is? Are we not <i>all</i> his servants unto death?'. This serves you well on Greenkrump, where he openly interacts with the Guard, speaking freely with their priests and commissars, a giant of faith and devotion who leads and protects with both hands. For all that you are known in the Sector as tainted by Kyras' legacy, perhaps it is the fact that Hannibal's armor is black as the void, his helm a skull, heraldry of the Blood Ravens themselves sparse compared to his brothers. The fact that he does not immediately appear as a Blood Raven serves him well.<br/>
<br/>
Upon Shinehole, the fighting in the tunnels went on. But the Blood Ravens have fought there for quite a while, and the Guard whisper of the mighty dreadnoughts who stomped forth bellowing litanies of hatred and strength against the alien, providing their own bodies as bulwarks. They talk of the two techmarines who were so much more...human, joking and laughing at each other. Never before has a guardsman of the Korianis Sector seen the Blood Ravens as such, so divergent from the aloof and distant stance taken by Kyras for centuries. Where they fear the psyker and mutant, something Kyras has only inflamed into barely concealed hatred for your Librarians, two techmarines conversing as they do was apparently comforting somehow. Or at least, that is what the scouts report from where they watch the Guard on rotated patrols. The Mechanicus is less pleased at their near-flippant nature, though they cannot do anything but respect the skill that these techmarines, Calus and Daedal, showed. From the various piles of stolen weaponry upon Shinehole, they strove to repair and reactivate numerous weapons that had found their way there over the centuries. Some were caked in decades of muck, others had been haphazardly attached to the equipment of ork meks. By now, whatever heraldry might have existed on these recovered weapons is completely worn away. Hopefully the machine spirits will be placated by being put into use once more. The fact that both Calus and Daedal showed themselves fully capable of becoming deathly serious when it comes to said machine spirits and sanctified technologies mollified many a tech-priest.<br/>
<br/>
Upon Spinesnap, you found only grim silence rather than cheers from the Order of the Lost Rosetta. The Guard here were the most zealous of all encountered across the theater, practically screaming their throats bloody in chants to the Emperor alongside the sororitas. They took their cues of treatment for you from the Canoness as well. Things almost came to a head when an assault upon one of the few remaining ork holds resulted in the death of several scouts. When you came upon the scene, it was of a bloodied Margaret standing just over their bodies, unflinchingly staring at you as the apothecaries came forward to retake the bodies and retrieve their holy Gene-Seed. She offered no apologies, though it seemed that artillery fire came down at danger close, and offered no words of reverence for their death. On the other hand, she did not spit and curse your name, or purposefully damage the bodies of your slain brothers, at least as far as you could tell. In truth, it does not appear that it was an attack by the Lost Rosetta's artillery upon the Blood Ravens personally, but rather that they did not care to communicate with your forces at all - thus they were unaware of the incoming barrage and died for it. You did not demand that she answer for it, because it was just as likely that the ork explosives and mines in the area were responsible, as leading up to that point multiple ork explosives had been raining down across the entire valley. Whether it was the Guard, the Lost Rosetta, the Orks, or all three, scouts died. But the sheer violence inflicted in that place makes knowing who was responsible with certainty impossible, ork warpheads preventing any truly accurate scrying into the past.<br/>
<br/>
Dustboom was...a middling effort. For the most part, Hadrian simply drove his tanks over the enemy, but the vast majority of attention on Dustboom was upon the Knights there. It is not a matter of hungering for glory like an aspirant would, but that your efforts were simply...marginalized somewhat. That, and the Mechanicus was not entirely pleased with how hard Hadrian pushed his company and their vehicle pool. The Guard was grateful as well, but overall the efforts there did not change much when it came to how the Blood Ravens were perceived compared to elsewhere across the Zemel System. Nevertheless, it was a good few years fought well.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master...?"<br/>
<br/>
All of you turn to see a serf that quails at the sudden attention of almost the whole of the Chapter's leadership upon him. His face is pale in the extreme.<br/>
<br/>
"Speak, young one."<br/>
<br/>
"A...a message from Captain Hadrian, he says that...he needs to speak with you, all of you."<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, one of your eyebrows raises, and you glance at the boy and back at the rest of your brothers.<br/>
<br/>
"And he could not come himself?"<br/>
<br/>
The serf jerkily shakes his head.<br/>
<br/>
"Yes. He is...engaged in talks."<br/>
<br/>
"With who, exactly?"<br/>
<br/>
"The...Administratum and Mechanicus, Chapter Master. They have come to take the tithe."<br/>
<br/>
Your cheer disappears entirely, and you can feel it leeching out of the rest of the room as well. Soon enough you are on the bridge where a sighing Hadrian sits upon the Command Throne of the <i>Arcanum</i>, facing the impassive and utterly unfeeling face of the Administratum's representative, who is joined by the Magos Biologis who has come as well. Two vessels, surrounded by escorts, hanging as a most unwelcome specter above Meridian.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master...Angelos," the adept pauses to check your name for the records, "As you know, at regular intervals all space marine chapters are to be compliant in giving away approximately 5% of their gene-seed stocks to check for purity. However, you have been remiss in your tithe for twice the normal interval - with the first missed interval taking place when your Chapter was under the control of the traitor known as Azariah Kyras. Furthermore, elements within the Inquisition have made it known that your chapter is to be held in suspect standing in certain regards. As such, we will require a full 20% of your gene-seed stocks; 5% for the first interval you were remiss in, another for this current interval, as well as another 10% due to additional concerns over the purity of your Chapter."<br/>
<br/>
Their lack of faith in the Blood Ravens is infuriating, but you school your features. It would do nothing to protest this, only worsen matters for the Chapter if you resisted. That does not mean you are happy about it. Worse is when the adept and magos cluck their tongues at the state of your ships, as if seeing the heresy you forced out in every angle. You can only watch as their ships depart soon afterward, unfeeling gaze watching over you as you presented your entire precious stock, and suffered underneath their pointed questions about whether or not you were hiding more away. You are not Huron. This is not Badab. But it is a struggle you will be fighting likely into and beyond your own death, to restore the good name of the Blood Ravens to those forces who might otherwise destroy you. Instead, you elect to focus on the positives of the end of all of this.<br/>
<br/>
There is more. There is always more, of course.<br/>
<br/>
The Polonius Liberation Crusade is not yet done, for all that its first major phase has completed. There is yet more to be done in Subsector Polonius. The next target is the xeno civilization known as the Slaughra Swarm, which has...become interesting in the past few years. Originally a classified civilization, apparently this was done to ensure no interference was done during investigations by the Inquisition. An investigation that completed just as a nearby warp storm dissipated, revealing another star system which was lost to time and space for an unknowable stretch of time. The Slaughra Swarm are a strange tripod race, organic technologies, star ships, and ways were disturbingly reminiscent of tyranids. Apparently they may possess a genestealer cult in the depths of their government, or at least one system. The other recently revealed system bears the Slaughra Swarm as well, but unlike their more known peers, their ships are emblazoned with the sigils of Chaos. A civil war has begun between their race almost immediately, with the original system's Slaughra committing to war against the bloodthirsty Chaos-aligned Slaughra of the newly returned System Z04Y.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<i>End Of Turn Results:</i><br/>
<b>- 5 Scouts [1st Stage]. +10 Gene-Seed Recovered. <br/>
- 30 Gene-Seed For Tithe Purposes. Gene-Seed Stock Now At: 121<br/>
+ Polonius Liberation Crusade Objective: System Zemel Claimed. Relation Improvement Amongst Korianis Sector Command And Battlefleet Korianis<br/>
+ Polonius Liberation Crusade Next Objective: Slaughra Xeno Civilization Extermination And World Reclamation (Set To Begin At Start Of Turn 22)<br/>
+ Talon-Squad Patrols Meridian Underhive: Patrol highly productive, beasts and mutants cleansed. <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">+1 Minor Favor</span> From Governor Derosa.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Strike Cruiser Decision - </b>The Strike Cruiser you retook from the orks has been tremendously modified, to a heretical extent. On the other hand, it is functional. You could not possibly simply use it again, it must be reconsecrated, and that means bringing it to the attention of the Mechanicus directly. However, who knows what they will require in exchange for its repair and reconsecration...or if they would allow its armaments to remain without change. You could attempt to bring it to Zerann or Aerus, both with the facilities you lack to rebuild it. It simply depends on which Fabricator General you believe would be better off seeing just what the orks have done. It is likely that they will require something in exchange. But there is little else to be done - you do not have anything yourself which could possibly handle the repair of an entire strike cruiser in such a state. (Select either Zerann or Aerus to be contacted for purposes of reclamation/reconsecration of reclaimed Strike Cruiser)<br/>
[] <b>Zemel Continuation </b>- While WAAAAAAGHH!!! Bonebreaka was stopped in its tracks, many orks remain within the Zemel System. The vast majority of the work is nothing nearly as intense as slaying Warbosses, Big Bosses, retaking Battleships, or otherwise. It is a painstaking culling, step by step, across four whole worlds. The Order of the Lost Rosetta is assisting in this, but the Blood Ravens could still contribute some forces there, though that would be entirely up to you. It might be better to try and preserve your brothers for the next step of the Polonius Liberation Crusade. [Write-In Forces Contributed For This Turn]<br/>
[] <b>Polonius Communications </b>- When you last arrived in Zemel, you had been explicitly not invited. Information on their plans were not shared. Sheer chaos demanded that you start providing rather forceful assistance and orders to get things moving once more. Hopefully your aid there regardless of anything else is enough for Sector Command to actually communicate with you on their plans for the next stage of the Polonius Reclamation Crusade, and things that the Blood Ravens could do to assist. Given what you have heard about the Slaughra Swarm, it would be prudent to see just what the Blood Ravens might be able to do against them to aid in the Crusade's efforts <i>before</i> something disastrous happens.<br/>
[] <b>Regular Specialist Search</b> - By now, you know well enough that rebuilding the ranks of the specialists of the Chapter is important indeed. Every time you gather aspirants from the Recruiting Worlds, it simply makes sense to regularly inspect them for candidates amongst the ranks of the apothecaries, techmarines, and chaplains. Making it part of the process should only help you in the rebuilding your chapter. [Specialist search becomes automated whenever recruitment is performed, as well as during progression along categories up to Scout [1st Stage] and beyond. Will include this turn if selected this turn.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Toughness Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it <b>must</b> be specified that they do so.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (15 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (3 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The <i>Arcanum</i> may have the largest of our Apothecarium, but it is the <i>Potentia</i> that possesses the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (LOCKED):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] Begin in-depth studies of the remains of the various eldar Avatars of Khaine possessed by the Chapter [Note: This will mean that all non-Company Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable </b>for other tasks for <b>2 </b>turns i.e. 10 years.] <b>Will Complete At Start Of Turn 21 (045.M42 To 050.M42 Period)</b><br/>
[] Anti-Anti-Psyker Study: The Split Heart Kabal made strange xeno advances in the baffling, diffusing, and blocking of psyker powers and abilities. By making a study of such things, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens would be able to train its forces against such things, improving their ability to defeat such things in the future while providing an additional aid of likely effectiveness against the vile Eldar specifically. [Note: This will mean that all non-Chapter Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable</b> for other tasks for <b>2</b> turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
- The Chapter's greatest advantage was its Librarians. I know that they were used for...ill purpose in the past by Kyras, but I will not allow such a political character to be assigned to them ever again. We were meant for more than that. For the betterment of the Chapter, for its coming battles, and the maintenance of the <i>Sanctorium Arcanum,</i> we must rebuild our ranks, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (625 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Flagships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The <i>Faith's Horizon</i> [0/500] to recieve an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Howling Hatred</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Rapier For Potential Learning Of Design To Allow Replication (WARNING: May end up losing some Rapiers as a result of the study) [355/???]<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [0/????]<br/>
[] Repair Disabled Predator Damaged On Dustboom [40 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [1]<br/>
[] Recovered Rhino Hulls Reconsecration And Repair [90 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [4]<br/>
[] Recovered Vindicator Laser Destroyer Reconsecration And Repair [50 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [1]<br/>
[] Recovered Looted Tank Predator Hulls Reconsecration And Repair – [250 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [7]<br/>
[] Recovered Ultrafortress Predator Hulls Reconsecration And Repair – [235 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [5]<br/>
[] Recovered Whirlwind Hull Reconsecration And Repair – [35 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [1]<br/>
[] Recovered Hunter Hulls Reconsecration And Repair – [80 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [2]<br/>
[] Recovered Assault Bikes Reconsecration And Repair – [50 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [5]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- Tremendous damage and desecration has been lambasted upon what we recovered from the orks of Bonebreaka’s WAAAGH!! They will require much work to remove the taint of the alien and reconsecrate, let alone repair. But if done, then the Chapter would benefit indeed.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Thank goodness the <i>Potentia</i> has returned to service. Amongst the rest of the ships within the Chapter Fleet, it possesses the most advanced forge facilities, as befitting its name. This will surely aid me in construction of more advanced technologies in the future, as well as their study!<br/>
- THE RAPIER! Praise be to the Omnissiah! It is as if a Tarantula Turret which can move and maneuver, greatly increasing its chances of survival! Please, Chapter Master, allow me to study it, to learn its secrets, so that the design is not lost should they be destroyed!<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.</div>
  </body>
</html>