<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Seven): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Seven): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Focus On Military Targets on 'Civilized' World Secundus<br/>
[X] Ranging Out<br/>
-[X] Landing Zone - 4th Company, 3 Codiciers, 7 Lexicani, Techmarine Calus, Techmarine Daedal, 3 Predators, 1 Predator (Twin-Linked Lascannons), all Tarantulas and all but 4 Rapiers, 1 Whirlwind, 1 Hunter, 1 Vindicator, 1 Vindicator Laser Destroyer<br/>
-[X] Tower 3 - 1st Company, 5th Company, Chapter Master + Honor Guard, Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis, 6 Codiciers, 12 Lexicani, Techmarine Hestior+3 unnamed, Land Raider <i>Litany of Purgation</i>, Land Raider <i>Tarantulus Ultima</i>, 3 Predators, 2 Whirlwinds, 4 Rhinos, 6 Razorbacks (Standard Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter), 1 Razorbacks (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons), 14 Assault Bikes, 3 Land Speeders (Standard), 2 Land Speeder (Tempest), 4 Rapiers<br/>
-[X] Assume even split of Apothecaries between Landing Zone and Tower 3 with Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus remaining at Landing Zone.<br/>
-[X] Assume even split of Chaplains between Landing Zone, and Tower 3, with Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun joining the Tower 3 detachment.<br/>
-[X] Thunderhawks available for air support wherever necessary<br/>
-[X] Techmarines undeployed - Martellus, Quarius Zergan, 2 unnamed</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
The grime of the desert had been replaced with soot and ash from collapsing Slaughra buildings. A welcome change of locale, Cyrus felt, as another defense tower which had been stymying the Guard’s advance collapsed from the charges placed at its base. The checkpoint had been hardened stupendously, remarkably resilient chitin walls having been spat up by Slaughra bio-mechanical creations in staggered formation weeks before. Now though, with the tower and its cannons brought low, a ragged cheer went up from the Guard and they charged forward, led by their scar riddled Commissar, to rush up and over the walls and into the compound.<br/>
<br/>
Once, in the past, it had been a four-way intersection in the city whose name was both unpronounceable by human tongue and would go unremembered after the conquest. Now it was another charnel pit where the struggling Slaughra defenders and their genestealer masters would be cut down to the last. Cyrus paused in his work, barrel of the sniper rifle faintly smoking, as the vox crackled near him. The other scouts around him continued on their grisly work without pause, as he had taught them, the long-broken skyscraper providing the best possible vantage point for miles around the embattled cityscape.<br/>
<br/>
“Report,” he murmured into the communicator.<br/>
<br/>
“Genestealers are making a push into the western blocks, as the scrying rituals foretold, Captain. There are…more than we thought there would be, however.”<br/>
<br/>
“Do you need me to approve your every move, initiate?” Cyrus growled back, though whether he was more irritated than usual was impossible to tell.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah, no, Captain, I merely wished to inform you that we would be detonating soon, in case you desired to redeploy any of our other forces.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus grunted, and was silent for a few seconds more.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. Detonate, and turn them to smoldering bone.”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Captain.”<br/>
<br/>
A dull series of whumps echoed out from the western blocks before towers of flame and plasma went scorching into the skies. Pleasantly, they did not even need to exhaust their own supplies of explosives that the ships could provide – rather, instead of demanding the forges continually produce what they needed, scavenging more than sufficed. There were dozens of overrun Guard positions that the Blood Ravens had come across, broken and mauled by the slaves of the Hive Mind. More than enough promethium besides, plus what fuel sources that the Swarm itself had preciously possessed. Cyrus nodded, and then flipped the channel on the vox with the flick of a finger.<br/>
<br/>
“Squads two and three, shift position three sectors east, resume headhunting. Squads five and six, push north, scatter the enemy before the Guard gets there.”<br/>
<br/>
What luck that Cervantes was busy on the desert world, where the greatest concentration of outright tyranid bio-forms could be found.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Slaughra Swarm (Z04X)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Libarius Scrying And Planning: 73. Notable Positive Results! 10th Company Operations Improved In Efficiency!<br/>
Cervantes Obstruction Attempts: 34. Failure!<br/>
10th Company Efforts: 67! Notable Success. Effects: Notable Victories Against The Enemy.<br/>
<b>WARNING: Slaughra Genestealer Cult Has Activated Tyranid Bioforms Out Of Desperation!</b><br/>
Conquest Progress:<br/>
Slaughra Capital World - 35% Imperial, 65% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Ice World - 50% Imperial, 50% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Desert World - 25% Imperial, 75% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Primaris - 51% Imperial, 49% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Secundus - 50% Imperial, 50% Slaughra<br/>
Z04X Space Control: Imperial Navy Supreme Across System/Imperial Navy Has Split Strength To Send More To Aid Secondary Crusade Targets<br/>
Blood Raven Losses: 10 Scouts [1st Stage]<br/>
Gene-Seed Recovered: +12, Held By Apothecary Marius</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<u><b>Decisions For 10th Company (Choose One):</b></u><br/>
[] Focus On Civilian Centers - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. But this is not a simple military crusade, it is a total reclamation of worlds that should be for humanity's purposes, not the alien. Once, ages ago, they were, and now, they will be again. Thus, genocide. The vast majority of the Swarm, like many species, are either not military or being conscripted. As time goes on, this will continue. The more conscripts there are, the harder the fight will be. It would be better to kill them before they are properly armed, and to hopefully also cause significant morale damage.<br/>
[] Focus On Military Targets - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. The Blood Ravens can aid in this, for there are few amongst any of those mighty forces who can manage the same stealth and capabilities of a properly trained and equipped scout. The more military positions, bases, supply dumps, barrier towers, shield towers, and more that are taken down, the faster the military will be destroyed, and thus, the faster the military can properly begin exterminating the civilian populace of the Slaughra.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================​</div><b>Holding The Landing: 81</b><br/>
<br/>
“Omnissiah’s breath!” Daedal cried out as he dodged another blast of warp-infused energies that illuminated the darkened world.<br/>
<br/>
The soil it passed over writhed with life, new creations blasting out of the earth in a mockery of true births. They screamed and unfurled weapons of crystalized glass and glinting chitin-flesh from their multitudes of limbs, but most if not all were cut down by a hail of bolter fire and flamer bursts. There would be more, it seemed there would always be more, but the fighting grew only more intense elsewhere. The predators swerved and bucked on the uncooperative earth, firing relentlessly at the mutant armies which approached the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company’s entrenched position. Loping things which squealed and roared from the bulk of the cannons that had been grown out of their spinal cords traded fire with the tanks. Dozens of leaping humanoids with too many legs and too many eyes which spat burst of light as if from a grouping of lasguns dragged themselves forth.<br/>
<br/>
A bank of rapiers swiveled on their mounts and fired again and again.<br/>
<br/>
“Fight on, my brothers!” Hadrian boomed from atop the vindicator destroyer. “For the Unknown Primarch and the Imperium!”<br/>
<br/>
They were not overwhelmed. Not quite. And that would have to be enough.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
<b>Pushing To Tower 3: 99</b><br/>
<br/>
The world <i>hated</i> the interlopers, Justinius knew, and it displayed it well enough. The storms above the column intensified with lighting blasts powerful enough to fell space marines fell near constantly, while roving hordes of creatures came howling out of the darkness and acidic rain to attack them on all sides. At points the air grew so thick with noxious sapphire clouds of toxins that anyone not wearing a helm or filtration system was forced to don them, lest their lungs be scorched from within. Shards of black crystal fell <i>sideways</i> into the column at one point, exploding on contact as they drove forth. None of it was allowed to stymie them. The great voluminous cloud of psychic energies which bloomed from the Librarians of the Blood Ravens expanded to cover the whole of the column, and where it extended to, the sorcery of the enemy failed. Lightning faltered and was diverted to strike harmlessly into the ground. The hordes were cut down by the myriad weapons of the space marines before they could even properly marshal themselves. Toxin clouds were forcibly blown away or dispersed entirely. <br/>
<br/>
At the head, a grim-faced Chapter Master strode, daemonhammer crackling with angry power. A bellowed and endless litany of hatred and purification thundered from Hannibal's throat, the Master of Sanctity an umbral giant who lurked as a specter behind Angelos' more muted fury. On the left, Apollo Diomedes' face could not be seen from within his white helm, his own weapon covered in gravel-blood as well as more sanguine-esque fluids. The two land raiders rumbled along behind them, barrels glowing with heat. All of them beheld the tower as it was illuminated by a truly giant blast of lightning from the worldstorm, and the defenders who had assembled around it. Vehicles of stone and flesh melded with the mutating powers of the warp, while filling the gaps between them were multitudes of horrors. Amongst them were the Slaughra, who marshaled hordes of slaves about and around them - of flesh and daemonic varieties. The moment the first elements of the Blood Ravens arrived, the battle began. There was no point in a warning, or spoken words. Only the great savagery of the enemy matching battle brothers who had long had any hesitation bled from them by time and trial.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Initial Exchange<br/>
49 vs. 28</b><br/>
<br/>
The assault marines flew in first, risking the skies under the aegis of the Librarius, and smashed down amongst the enemy with bone-rattling impacts. Chainswords flashed and slashed, while melta bombs were tossed in clusters into the sides of enemy vehicles. But there were far too many for the Slaughra and their servants and aids to crumble from such a strike. Inhuman minds did not shy away from the carnage, long-tainted souls in fact buoyed by the slaughter after so long without new stimulation to test their horrible bodies against. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Slaughra and Slaughter<br/>
97 vs. 92</b><br/>
<br/>
The sheer heights of what was unleashed next would boil the eyes of a mere mortal to observe. Bright lances of light from lascannons, noises that would curdle eyes from their sockets and force craniums to leak came from ululating throats that swelled and mutated as they spoke the words. Black and blue fires were thrown from screaming horrors, by hand and mouth alike, to splash across great bulwark shields of psychic energy. A librarian slammed their force-staff down to create a moving and controlled seismic shockwave that rippled along the ground at his direction, sending mutants flying hard enough to shatter their chitin outsides and pulp their innards. A flamer-wielding tactical marine bullrushed his way through a group of Slaughra, leaving scorched ruin in his wake. At the same time, it was not a truly devastating blow, for the enemy was nearly as dangerous on their own. A stomping slaughra battered a trio of assault marines with nothing more than a single arm with nine great spines sticking out of it as thick as clubs. Another slaughra roared, nine dozen runes carved across its horribly mutated hide glimmering with power. Justinius himself was forced to intervene before it could extinguish a group of huddled lexicanum who were keeping the greater effects of the worldstorm itself from rending the column apart. Their combating powers manifested minor daemons and scoured them from existence in the next. Some younger marines saw their pasts before recruitment, mothers and fathers forgotten by indoctrination, while others saw their future - or a future, of black armor and a raven that wept tears of blood atop shattered columns of stone. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Push<br/>
80 vs. 24</b><br/>
<br/>
Then Gabriel Angelos appeared from within the rain and thunder, <i>Godsplitter</i> swinging. He cast aside sorcerer and slave alike, cracking the flank of a tank whose rotating bio-cannons could not swivel fast enough in their sockets to fire upon him. Apollo Diomedes, one of the greatest heroes the Blood Ravens had ever known, came as well, at his Chapter Master's side. Two hammers that left craters and smoking destruction behind them, all the while the crackling crozius of Hannibal smote where the Master of Sanctity willed. The enemy lines shattered a half-dozen times over, and while it reformed time and again with frustrating efficiency, it was pushed back further with each retreat and reformation. Enough so that the land raiders could grind corpses and blast silver crystal with their cannons. Behind them came the whirlwinds, and with them came the razorbacks in a protective circle. A mailed fist. A <i>plated</i> fist. The slaughra recoiled and fought with even greater ferocity, for they knew what was to come. The world itself thundered with its fury, and cast out daemons of light and rain from its clouds in great swarms that fell beyond terminal velocity to reach the Blood Ravens. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Tower Breaking: 21<br/>
Guarding The Breakers: 7</b><br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens knew it was coming, but the strength levied against them was more than some could handle. A lexcicanum fell to the ground, his mind and soul burnt out by the stress of shielding the column...and failing. A razorback was briefly illuminated by eldritch light, and then it was gone, the serfs dead on the ground as they bled black sludge from every orifice. Of the razorback, there was no sign it had ever existed save for the impressions in the sodden dirt. The great clouds of daemon-swarms which had come from the storm above shredded armor and flesh with equal ease, cutting one assault marine's pack and spine in equal measure, sending him collapsing to the earth at an angle to nearly shatter his spine and skull. The apothecaries advanced out, as best as they could, but they could not save everyone or bring all back to fighting measure. A dozen more marines were forced into comas to preserve themselves, the wounds nearly enough to slay them, one perhaps even enough to demand entombment if the facilities had been present to do so. The first bevy of fire put against the tower faltered from the assault, targeting sectors flaring as the auspex became filled with howling screams. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Tower Breaking: 63<br/>
Guarding The Breakers: 18</b><br/>
<br/>
A great trench was burnt into the side of the tower, the <i>Litany of Purgation</i> relentless even as battle brothers fought and were brought low around its great bulk. Its sister land raider fired as well, though its machine spirit responded sluggishly in comparison. The missiles of the whirlwinds were sent off course entirely, some being wrested from the air by the screaming cloud-daemons which dropped them amongst the Blood Ravens themselves. One marine was unfortunate enough to be struck by one of the blasts directly, his life extinguished in that single instant. The roars of his brothers were almost loud enough to deafen, their bolters rending the daemons apart even after their cackling victory. The wounds built up further and further, another marine dying as his head was blasted apart by a slaughra cannon, his helmet torn from his armor beforehand by a grasping <i>thing</i> that gibbered happily as it was killed in turn. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Tower Breaking: 99<br/>
Guarding The Breakers: 93</b><br/>
<br/>
Then there was light. <br/>
<br/>
Not the broken gleam which glimmered out of the sigils carved in Slaughra flesh. Nor the eldritch light which came from black lightning, flames of deathly sapphire. It was none of these malformed things. The light was borne of purity and cleansing fury, Justinius Probalis striding to the forefront. His eyes blazed with power, armor creaking as it struggled to function as the being within was so painfully illuminated. The codiciers surrounded him, lending their own power, with the lexicanum as well. For a brief instant, the protections around the Blood Ravens faded entirely, but they needed it not. Not when the slack was taken up so intensely by the raging chaplains and their eldest. The living shield that was Apollo. By presence alone Angelos stood above them all, smashing and obliterating all who dared to threaten his battle brothers. A wild daemon of Tzeentch manifested and was obliterated so thoroughly by <i>Godsplitter</i> that it would not be able to return to the materium for a generation. A giant thing that seemed to be multiple slaughra mutated together was beaten out from below and then pulverized beneath the Chapter Master's boot. All of that lost energy pumped inwards, until every Librarian became a pulsating beacon of white hot light. <br/>
<br/>
A vast raven, black of wing but with a core of crimson, appeared above them, and let loose an ear-piercing cry before cracks appeared all along its spectral form. From the cracks came cleansing light, from which daemons scattered and squealed to flee from. The non-euclidean geometries of the silver tower shuddered as order was <i>imposed</i> upon its body, that of its body that could not be maintained in a state where the laws of physics had once more claimed its throne as the dominant force <i>shattered</i> and collapsed. A great portion of the tower simply evaporated beneath that light. Then the raven exploded entirely. The daemons were banished. Machine spirits leapt into activation. A dozen and more cannons and turrets fired without relent at a single target, firepower enough to break an army fired upon but one structure. The tower screamed. The world itself screamed. A world plunged in shadow for centuries and more, swallowed beneath slowly erected towers of churned soulstuff that took years to build, shook beneath a lattice that had been struck again and again, hardpoints destroyed repeatedly on an untested hide. <br/>
<br/>
Then there was light. <br/>
<br/>
The worldstorm rippled and shook, sparse holes torn open in its frame not just over where the greater damage had been done, but across the whole of its body. The lattice, a sum of its parts and more, the damage the sum of what was lost and more, a mirror of strength and weakness thrown to the ground and stomped on by the Angels of Death. It held, in great portions, but the denizens of the planet screamed a thousand screams as the light of the sun drenched them for the first time in their existence. Blackened soil rippled at light not burned by sorcerous intent or bio-luminescence. The branches of darkness between each broken tower disappeared, leaving one great gaping hole where the foe had no reach anymore. The tower that the Blood Ravens stood before rapidly decayed, as if time itself had accelerated around its destruction, before the whole of it had utterly been removed from existence leaving not even the foundation of a thousand bones behind. Of those that had <i>defended</i> the tower...they lasted not a minute longer than the tower that had been their home had. <br/>
<br/>
Vox signals carried this news to the ships waiting above, who brought their own messages from the heavens. The enemy had been so soundly beaten in the void by the God-Emperor's faithful against those of the xeno who had fallen sway to the Hive Mind that a great amount of their number had been dispatched to reinforce the mission here and now, led by a Rear Admiral and a freshly-scarred battleship. <br/>
<br/>
The war was not over yet, but by faith and fury, the end had been pushed back just one step further. <br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Operation Results</u><br/>
-10 5th Company Marines Heavily Injured, Unavailable For Combat Operations<br/>
- 2 5th Company Marines Slain, +4 Gene-Seed Recovered. <br/>
-1 Lexicanum Slain, +2 Gene-Seed Recovered. <br/>
-1 Razorback (Standard Armament)<br/>
-1 Tower Shattered/Landing Zone Held. Storm Lattice Has Sustained Notable Damage! Holes In Storm Lattice Present Across Planet! Overall Lattice Strength Reduced. Limited Orbital Strikes Possible!<br/>
- New Imperial Navy ships in-system! </b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Set Plans For For Stage Six Of Engagement:</b>​</div>[] To Kill What Comes: This world is not done. They know you, now. They might attempt to rebuild their towers, but only if they could crush you within the area you have cleansed. The Landing Zone requires a great many defenses, if the large force ferried against it just now was not the only one that might be sense. The foe knows what you do now, they know very well by the graves of their fallen. They shall come, and they shall come in force. You must respond in kind, and hold the position while the rest of your forces range out against the towers and your ships fire down from above! [Write-In Forces Deployed] <b>(Defense Force Recommendation: High)</b><br/>
[] Fury From The Skies: With the storm lattice broken as it is, the might of your planetary bombardment cannons can now be properly unleashed! The space marines are made to bring planets to heel, to break them in the name of the Emperor. And for all that this world is more...<i>alive</i>...than most...it is what you are for. You <i>will</i> bring this planet to heel! [Name Orbital Bombardment Targets, And Which Ships Fire On Which Target]<br/>
[] Ranging Out: There is one tower close by to you, which has - you can hope - exhausted its strength trying to aid its fellows. But yet more towers remain as well. They are as bases and settlements in one, but melta bombs, Land Raiders, and krak explosives will take them down from the base all the same once the aliens, mutants, and daemon which cluster at them are destroyed. They <b>will</b> require heavy Librarian support, however, for they shall be venturing out beneath the practically living storm of Tzeentch which rules here. You will also have to dedicate forces to keep the landing zone clear, else the enemy might come and reclaim it. The greater worry, of course, is that isolated forces might be ambushed by other tower compliments, by daemons, or other mutant bands which wander aimlessly across the surface of the world. (<b>NOT REQUIRED TO ASSAULT ALL AT ONCE/MAY FOCUS ON ORBITAL FIRE RATHER THAN SENDING FORCES OUT IF DESIRED)</b><br/>
-[] Tower 4: Further out, and closer to the ruin of the 2nd Tower, this area is even worse in terms of terrain. Vehicles would be near useless here, of the heavier variety at least. Landspeeders might be able to still make it, but the rhinos and land raiders would <i>not</i>. Nor would the predators or razorbacks. It would have to be a largely infantry-based assault...or perhaps entirely based on thunderhawks making runs into a literally hostile airspace. <br/>
-[] Tower 5: Closer to the ruins of the 1st Tower - not the Landing Tower - but further out still. It is on a seemingly flat plain that can suddenly become a roiling sea of dunes where each grain of sand is bladed, but such things could be stopped - Justinius believes - with the proper application of the librarians. Enough at least to allow your forces to advance to the tower itself, and make battle upon it. <br/>
-[] Tower 6: Beyond the 3rd Tower, lies this tower. It stands higher than the others, upon a mountain, and guarded by significant shielding that prevents ground-based assault. It would up to your assault marines, to landspeeders, to thunderhawks, to even attempt to destroy this place. Either that or a grueling climb for your marines. Or, perhaps, orbital fire. <br/>
<div style="text-align: left"><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> Confirmed Naval Presences In System</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Imperial Navy Losses In System</b><br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruiser<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x2 Firestorm, x1 Cobra, x2 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blood Raven Losses In System</b><br/>
x2 Gladius Frigates (4th Company)<br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Great Father's Fist</i><br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Omnis Arcanum</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Newly Arrived Imperial Navy In System (From Z04X)</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Vice Admiral Kurek)<br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
1 Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
4 Gothic-class Cruisers<br/>
10 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
3 Dicator-class Cruisers<br/>
15 Escort Squadrons (x3 Firestorm , x2 Cobra, x10 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Kappa</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Admiral Graves)<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
15 Escort Squadrons (x11 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
10 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Theta</b><br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleets (Blood Ravens)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Nu</b><br/>
1 Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
3 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x3 Firestorm, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Sigma</b><br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
9 Escort Squadrons (x5 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonworld/Capital</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Batteship-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
4 Beast of Tzeentch (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
2 Swarmships (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
7 Daemonships (Cruiser-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
5 Beasts of Tzeentch (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
15 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Undivided-leaning)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></div>
  </body>
</html>