<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Planning the Waystone Project, Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Planning the Waystone Project, Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally

[*] Karak Eight Peaks
[*] Laurelorn
[*] Carcassone
[*] Praag



"Right," King Belegar says as you approach him in Karag Lhune's council chamber, where he's locked in battle with teetering stacks of books, scrolls, and letters in his attempts to find ways to lure Clans to Karak Eight Peaks. "You wanted to talk about setting up the Waystone project here?" You nod. "You'll have my backing wherever you end up doing this, of course, but all the resources and influence of the Karak are concentrated here. You're already familiar with the advantages of the Karak - decent wealth and influence, access to Dwarven resources and expertise, Gyrocarriages, and the like. The complicated part is the Runesmiths. Operating out of Karak Eight Peaks would mean you'll have easy access to Kragg and Thorek if you can convince them to get involved, as well as making it easier to recruit any other Runesmiths you think might be able to contribute. The Cult of Thungni is very leery about outsiders getting their hands on their secrets, and being under Dwarven authority would make them more comfortable with the situation and might help sway any that are unsure.

"Of course, the reason they'd be more comfortable is that the Cult of Thungni has a lot of law, precedent, and tradition backing them up when it comes to keeping their secrets. They're not going to get anywhere trying to claim the Waystones themselves as secrets of Runesmithing because they were created in conjunction with the Elves, but they might stick their nose in if they think you're getting too close to what they consider theirs. It might be easier to perform your investigation far from their reach with an open-minded Runesmith than to do it right under their nose - I trust you to keep any secrets you stumble across to yourself, but the Cult of Thungni may not."

You nod as you absorb this. "Whose jurisdiction would I technically be under in that regard? Karak Eight Peaks doesn't have a Runesmiths Guild."

"Not for lack of trying on my part. If there's something that needs to become official, then the Ironbrows of Karak Azul would argue that it should fall to them, while the Thungnissons of Karaz-a-Karak would undoubtedly do the same. The Redbeards of Barak Varr might end up a compromise candidate. But whoever it is, I assume it wouldn't help to have a suspicious Runesmith looking over your shoulder and glaring at the Elves."

"Probably not," you admit.

"The other complicating factor would be Waystones themselves. I'd ask that you not try to experiment with the Karags, and I don't know where the next nearest ones would be, whether you might be able to find some in the Badlands or the Border Princes or might have to travel all the way to the Empire. You'd have access to the Gyrocarriages for that, of course, but that seems like it would still present an inconvenience."

"It may, depending on what it would actually look like once we get to the in-person study and experimentation." You frown as you consider it further. Do greenskins habitually interfere with the Waystones? Would Strygos have? What about the many, many different holders of the Border Princes over the years? It might actually come down to having to go all the way to the southern Empire for the nearest working Waystone.

"We're certainly not short of places you could set up," Belegar continues. "You could expand further down into Karag Nar, or if you need somewhere away from bystanders, Kvinn-Wyr or Karag Zilfin are mostly empty. Or the Lhune Depths, or the Silver Tower, or... well, it might be quicker to list the areas that aren't available. You get the idea."

"What about the matter of politics? If I'm under your authority, then technically I'm also under that of the High King."

"And if the Karak-Waystones are being used to benefit Karaz-a-Karak alone, then he could use that authority to try to interfere with attempts to inspect the Waystones. That's true, but if he does do so it would confirm my suspicion and give me an excellent reason to broach the topic with the other Kings. While the letter of the law gives the High King a great deal of power, most of it hasn't been exercised since the shattering of the Underway. Four millennia of tradition carry a lot of weight." You nod while you resist the urge to frown. While that confirmation might be very useful to King Belegar, it could also grind the project to a halt as it gets bogged down within a larger conflict within the Karaz Ankor. You've got greater ambitions for it than being a diplomatic tripwire. "Out of curiosity, where are the other candidates? Altdorf and Laurelorn, I assume?"

"Those two, plus Carcassonne and Praag."

"I've been hearing good things of Carcassonne of late from Karak Norn and Karak Izor. I'd been hoping that manlings would take note of the Dalaz Kron business after the reclamation, and wondering if word of it spread that far afield, or if they've got some other reason to align with the Grey Mountain Dwarves. As for Praag... well, few places would welcome what you hope to provide more than they, I'm sure."

---

That Laurelorn is far from the worst forest on the continent to walk into unannounced and unescorted says more about the continent than it does about Laurelorn. So you have Lord Magister Krammovitch send a message to his counterpart in the Gold Order, who sends a message to the Wizards and Alchemists Guild in Middenheim, who send a message to the Graf's diplomat, who presumably sends a message to someone of the Eonir. The reply you get has you travelling north to Middenheim to collect a letter of transit, then further north to Nordland's capital of Salzenmund. Built at the confluence of the headwaters of the Salz in the Silver Hills, Salzenmund is known as a bustling and prosperous city built upon carpentry and silversmithing. But that was before the Eonir began to enforce their territorial claims and now Salzenmund abuts the border with a foreign power, and in stark contrast to its reputation the city you find is quiet, tense, and full of soldiers, and the western wall is bristling with cannon. The phrase 'Wizard business' and a stern look gets the gate raised for you, and it slams shut behind you as you cross the bridge across the Salz, into Laurelorn proper.

The road is sturdy and well-made but no longer maintained, and questing roots and bold saplings have begun to lever apart the stones. To each side young trees fill areas that had once been felled clear, and overhead the canopy seems to deliberately stretch out to fill as much of the sky as it can, leaving only a thin sliver of daylight above. Despite its darkness the forest is filled with life and the air with birdsong, and you catch many glimpses of flitting birds and darting rodents. But despite all that you catch barely a glimpse of ambient magic, and it takes close examination to see a shimmer of Ghyran afterglow in the trees. From experience you know that woods like this are usually thick with magic, but it seems the Laurelorn is an exception.

It's not immediately obvious when you reach Oldenlitz, as only a drop in the quality of the road and a thinning of the canopy overhead are immediately obvious. Closer examination finds a great deal of rubble half-buried in the leaf litter and flagstones shattered so that a sapling can rise defiantly through what was once a stone floor. And the saplings themselves prove of interest, as you can feel a faint tug upon the pool of Ulgu within you as you approach, and a wisp of magical energy you release is drawn into the wood and sinks downwards and out of sight.

"Lornalim ithil," says a familiar voice, and you refuse to jump.

"Vicereine Cadaeth," you say as you straighten up. "You're looking very different than when we last met."

She smiles as she approaches, brushing imaginary dirt off her outfit of leather and scale, with what looks like bark standing in for steel. "I was an envoy seeking to charm, where I am now a mother standing vigil over her children." She runs a fond hand over the leaves of the nearest sapling as she passes.

"Lornalim ithil... I thought the Silver Wood was west of the Demst?"

"The Verdan Ithil was once more than a few well-guarded glades. You could once find groves of the two varieties of lornalim throughout the entirety of Laurelorn and beyond, before the men of Nordland discovered their names were quite literal. They learned that if they see veins of silver or gold in the trees, they will find the same if they dig down."

You watch as a second wisp of Ulgu is greedily drunk by the tree. "They're natural Waystones."

"Yes, for a certain definition of 'natural'. Tributaries to the leyline-streams. But quite dependent on the metals they take their name from, and given a choice between material wealth and the continued existence of life on this world, your kind has a distressing tendency to choose wealth."

You think again of Salzenmund's twin industries of silversmithing and carpentry and wince. "Ah," you say.

"Our long resistance against Drakwald sapped both our and their strength, until they fell to Beastmen and we nearly with them. So when Nordland began to encroach, we measured what lornalim losses we could sustain without our forests becoming thick with stagnant magic and swarming with Beastmen, and for a time we achieved peace with the Nordlanders. But every new generation and each new Grand Baron wanted more, and when more was not given, they took anyway. We were faced with a slow extinction by Beastman predation, or a fast extinction by a new war. Until we encountered an army of Middenland while fighting the slow extinction, and found a third way forward. One that required only a few villages to die." She kneels down and runs a finger along a barely-visible vein of silver along a sapling's trunk. "If we had waited just a few more years, we would have felt the reactivation of Karak Eight Peaks ripple through the leylines and known that there may be a fourth way, a way not so steeped in blood. History seems to delight in making fools of us all."

"This is why you wanted to meet me here? To make a point about the history between Empire and Eonir?"

"Partly." She gives a sudden smile, almost managing to dispel the mood she's crafted. "And because curiosity is a powerful motivator. Though we will contribute no matter where it is that you will pool the efforts of Elf and Dwarf, we will not show you the wonders of Tor Lithanel unless it plays host to the work in question."

"What wonders would those be?" you can't help but ask.

"The towers and jewels of Tor Lithanel have captured the soul of many an artist, but I suspect most relevant to you would be the Library of Mournings, twice the age of your Teclis' White Tower. It contains scrolls that predate the Elven race, and scrolls written in the hands of Caledor, Astarielle, Maruviel, and Yvraine. Access to such a library would be of great benefit to the project, don't you think?"

You take a breath. "It would," you say with incredible understatement, trying not to show how tempted you are. "So you would allow the project to be located within Tor Lithanel? Including all its associates?"

"Dwarves and all. They never managed to reach Tor Lithanel in the turmoil of their War of Vengeance, and with the extinction of House Elywn at the Battle of the Schadensumpf, we have no more major houses from Kor Immarmor. So the High Council is now quite unanimous in letting bygones be bygones. We'll also be a lot freer to contribute our expertise to a local project - we have mages that will travel to contribute, but the Grey Lords prefer not to leave their forests, as do some of the more esoteric beings that contribute to our society." She gives an artful little smile and cocks a hip. "Myself included, if you've grown fond of my company."

"I'll keep that in mind," you say simply. Though to your mundane sight she's simply standing there talking, you've watched the bulk of her soul flow from tree to tree like a nurturing mother bird, and you're quite sure you have only a fraction of her full attention. Part of you finds that intriguing, but another part is reminded that you're still not sure if you could identify her species with any confidence.

"Please do. We've no intention of being the mirror to our cousins of Ulthuan, who always seek to control and only ever grant the meagrest of morsels. We want to build a lasting partnership, and a lasting peace, with the institutions of the Empire, so we can live in peace in our forest. Considering the beings that would be all too eager to fill the void if we passed from this world, isn't that in everyone's best interest?"

She's certainly easier on the eyes than the Beastmen. You promise her that you'll have an answer for her soon before parting ways once more. You've got two possible hosts left to check, and a lot of hours airborne ahead of you.
  </body>
</html>