<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Ambush on the Skull River 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Ambush on the Skull River 1</h2>
At long, long last, the Okral have finished their work, packed up, and returned to Karaz-a-Karak. Though the tension never really eased through their long stay in Karak Eight Peaks, it never came to a head either, which is a relief. Belegar isn't quite looking for an excuse to escalate his feud with Karaz-a-Karak, but he wouldn't turn one away if it knocked on his door either. It's a small miracle that he never received one.

The planned celebration, officially for the reclamation in general but unofficially because the Okral is finally gone, is still some time off as its preparations are put on the backburner in favour of moving everyone around. The growing Clans of the refounded Karak are spreading out into the newly-restored twin peaks of Karags Rhyn and Mhonar, which have been dedicated to Valaya and Smednir respectively. Karag Lhune was far from running out of space, but the logic is that it wouldn't do to leave too much of the mountains empty as it would invite something to fill it. You fully expect to have a nice and long quiet period to put the finishing touches on your preparations for the Karag Dum Expedition.

Unfortunately, the sounding of the Citadel's signal horn just as the sun is setting - a design gifted to the Karak by King Kazador Thunderhorn, which says all that needs to about how loud and impossible to ignore it is - dashes those hopes, and as quickly as you safely can you wind down your manipulation of magical energies and rush to the balcony. You're supposed to look to the signal flags first, but your attention is firmly grabbed by the first full demonstration of Gotri's 'honeycomb' hangar design as Karag Lhune's slopes expel its full complement of gyrocopters, each of which circles the mountain to throw itself northwards at all possible speed. You're already developing a suspicion as you tear your eyes downwards to see the signal flags on the Citadel - 'Karaz-a-Karak, army, under attack'.

With a moment's concentration you expel a cloud of Ulgu in the shape of your coat of arms, and you're hugely relieved to see that of the Angrund clan answer it, and a gyrocarriage is already touching down outside the King's Gates. After it collects its cargo, you're mostly glad and only a little nervous to see it beeline straight in your direction, rather than immediately following the angry swarm of copters north. In what seems like a moment it's touching down on the landing pad on your balcony and you're clambering aboard to see three familiar faces - Belegar, Gotri, and Dreng.

"Part of the Okral's been attacked," Belegar yells over the sound of the engine. "Skull River, near the southern edge of the Forest of Gloom."

"Forest Goblins?" you say. You really hope it was Forest Goblins.

"Bandits." Even over the engine you can hear the suspicion in his voice.

"How many casualties?"

"Gotri?"

[Rolling...]
[Rolling...]

"Unconfirmed," he says, double checking some hastily-scrawled notes, "but it sounds like a lot. An entire passenger monitor went down while carrying several hundred passengers, perhaps as many as a thousand. My pilot who was escorting the convoy said there was some sort of explosion below the waterline, then musket fire from the shore. And that's not a good river to go down in." You suppress a shudder at the thought. Skull River is named not so much for the bones that litter its banks, but for the skull-shaped markings on the ravenous swarms of predatory fish that fill it.

"Weber, we're all thinking it. Can you rule out Marienburg's involvement?"

You remember your own suspicions regarding the disease outbreak in southern Stirland. "I can't," you admit. "If it was their agents, they might have mistaken the passenger ships for a supply convoy, bound for the canal."

"Damn," is all Belegar says.

"On top of the river itself," Dreng says, "that's right on the border between Black Spider and Bloody Spear territory. If the explosion attracted their attention they could do even more damage."

If it had been quieter in there, you'd have described the atmosphere that falls upon the passenger bay as a grim silence.

---

The journey is as tense as it is long; as much a miracle of engineering the gyrocarriage is, it's still a long way from Karak Eight Peaks to the Skull River, especially once the sun fully sets and the pilot has to follow the Blood River north to keep on course. When you finally arrive, it's to see by the light of a gibbous Mannsleib and a crescent Morrsleib that the Okral's convoy has beached itself on the eastern bank of the river, and the very tip of the steam funnel of the wrecked ship just peeking out from the top of the rapidly-flowing waters. Several burning fires illuminate a nearby hill where this segment of the Okral are fortifying themselves and gyrocopters buzz overhead in wary circles.

"Barak Varr's reinforcements should arrive by dawn," Belegar says as the gyrocarriage begins its descent. "Our first priority is to make sure that nothing further happens to them. Second is answers. Third is vengeance. Understood?" You, Gotri, and Dreng nod as the gyrocarriage alights atop the hill, and the four of you clamber out and are instantly met with a crowd of angry, shouting Dwarves.

As the Okral lists its grievances, primarily the apparent death of the leader of Karaz-a-Karak's Metalsmiths Guild, you consider your options for how you can best contribute. Your Magesight makes you the best option for scouting, tracking, or investigating, where everyone else has to wait for the rising sun to make their contributions possible. But there's only one of you.

[ ] Remain here and guard the Okral
[ ] Try to track the bandits
[ ] Scour the river banks for anything the bandits left behind
[ ] Use Substance of Shadow to check the wrecked passenger ship for survivors
[ ] Scout for any approaching greenskin forces


- There will be a one hour moratorium.
- You can only choose one thing to do right now; there might be opportunity to do more later, but with every passing moment the tracks get fainter, evidence could be washed away, and any greenskins could get closer.
  </body>
</html>