<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Eight): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Eight): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Priority Targets: Primus Leaders: Specially bred war leaders of any extensive Genestealer Cult, the now noted Primuses of this war are effectively generals and overall theater commanders, both of tyranid bioforms and slaughra forces. They must be expunged, and quickly. Doing so will greatly reduce the power and effectiveness of the Cult forces.<br/>
[X] Attacking The Heart: These are but dregs, now, barely worth fighting let alone spending an extensive amount of time killing. Besides which...the Imperium is making its move. While the Sisters of Battle are not wholly finished on their own chosen target worlds, the Navy is moving out against the most dangerous of all the targets, the Daemonworld. It is known that a great amount of Lost Rosetta sisters are travelling there as well on-board multiple ships to repulse boarders or teleported daemons or otherwise. The Blood Ravens should join in this great endeavor. Admiral Graves is leading this attack, for he is the highest ranking Navy officer present. But you must decide how you approach this attack.<br/>
-[X] Accept Orders: You position is yet tenuous. Admiral Graves would order your ships within his greater battle plan, if you allow him. This might ease tensions...or provide a way for him to order the ships of the Blood Ravens into danger.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">​</div> <br/>
It was wholly disturbing to see these vaguely alien forms, already twisted into the shape of another and far more terrifying race, go as feral as their secret genetic masters. Cyrus handed the smoking sniper rifle to the scout next to him and focused his bionic eye. Several forms of vision flickered past before centering on thermals, and he watched as they began to fall amongst each other. Far fewer than actual tyranids would, for they had not yet fallen so far. If the Primus equivalent had fallen amongst a true tyranide horde, it would have had truly incredible knockback effects. Here, by the very nature of their significantly greater capacity for higher-tier thought, it was lessened. Instead of falling to a few uncomplicated monstrous yet animalistic instincts, the cult had collapsed in terms of morale and guiding knowledge. They did not suddenly begin shooting one another, but their accuracy was notably reduced. Their inhuman fervor literally stripped from them.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, Cyrus noted as one of the feral gaunts leapt upon a cultist’s back and began tearing away, there were still some constants.<br/>
<br/>
“Note this for the Chapter’s records, initiate,” he grunted. “This highly developed genestealer cult, so distant from other major splinter fleets, had already begun to gestate actual tyranid bioforms despite marked reference to the contrary in previous encounters with their kind.”<br/>
<br/>
The splinter fleet which had fallen upon Subsector Aurelia might have been drawn here instead long ago had it not been specifically drawn there by the eldar. Only now did this become obvious, for had that splinter fleet come here instead, whole worlds worth of biomass would have filled its ranks. Then, not even Aramus would have been able to stop it. The entire Chapter at its near full strength would possibly have not been able to stop it. It would have spread throughout the whole of the Eastern Fringe, potentially. Still, Cyrus would not ever attribute mercy or even the faintest hint of altruism to what had happened by xeno design, regardless of however many more facets remained of that fallen plan. They had sought to bring ruin to human worlds, and so had to be stopped regardless. It was that simple.<br/>
<br/>
Still, it was disquieting to consider, this cult. If left alone long enough, subverting and changing more and more with each generation, was it possible others existed outside of the Imperium’s sight? Cults and worlds that grew their own splinter fleets from the ground up, rather than coming from the void?<br/>
<br/>
Something to be passed on to the Deathwatch, most certainly. Potentially the Inquisitor who had so recently become a Chapter acquaintance.<br/>
<br/>
It was around then that the pulse hit.<br/>
<br/>
Screams, terror, and a sudden shocking cessation of movement amongst purestrains and cultists alike appeared in a field, while Cyrus noted a heavy crackling in every vox nearby regardless of channel. Even his eye, the non-flesh one, suddenly warped in its vision. For a half instant he it was filled with screaming static and the faintest psychic aftershocks of something hungry, something that only one who had faced the tyranids for a long enough time might have discerned. Several guardsmen in the street below who had been attacking the compound where the Primus had been located were lying in the street, bleeding from their eyes and ears. The sanctioned psyker who had been amongst them was screaming as well, hands clutched to her bald head, the metal spikes sticking out of her cranium briefly red-hot with something that was not quite heat.<br/>
<br/>
Less than an hour later, the news was spread across every Imperial channel, and many Slaughra besides. After all, the Patriarch had managed to get himself elected as the combined political and religious leader of the entire Slaughra Swarm and their worlds. The propaganda effects were undeniable, as overall Swarm cohesion broke down across every theater. The feral tyranid bioforms lost their guiding minds, with only minor synapse creatures able to maintain order amongst the hordes. Multiple slain Primuses, many attributed however reluctantly to the Blood Ravens, ensured that cultist resistance was heavily eroded even before the Imperial Guard had properly marshalled themselves to take advantage. On every world, the Imperium advanced, rooting out and burning slaughra and tyranids alike, burning down many a spawning pool and entire cities with Titans and Knights obliterating the offensively alien infrastructure.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, then came the speculation. Who had done it? Which of the mysterious assassin clades had been selected, who was successful? What were the details? The latter would go forever unknown, for the unyielding hand of the Inquisition itself had appeared seemingly from nowhere to classify the information completely and utterly. There were dozens of executions that went from simple basic guardsmen, to captains, to an entire stormtrooper platoon. Three valkyrie pilots as well. This only flamed the fires further, until the Inquisition squeezed the throat of the rumor mill further. None would know of what occurred in the depths of the pits where the Patriarch had been found, or what it took to get there. The records were written, redacted, sealed, and then disappeared entirely.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus would note, only through the most casual of observation – casually, of course – the Inquisitor herself who had done all of this with her cavalcade of Interrogators and their own retinues.<br/>
<br/>
Lord Inquisitor Christina Brutus Alba Tarquindil impossibly glanced up at him, standing on the top of one of the few remaining slaughra skyscrapers, and lightly tapped a finger to her lips, and then entered the thunderhawk which awaited her. Its paint scheme was as the void itself, with the only color coming from the silver emblem of the Inquisition on it. Behind her stalked a slavering creature, a Culexus, accompanied by a Vindicare who totted their rifle with ease. None had known of this reconvening, yet Cyrus had happened upon it regardless. He, of course, would tell no one, and even the records of the Librarium would require his own personal permission to peruse. It would not do to anger the Inquisition by witnessing what they demanded be redacted, after all.<br/>
<div style="text-align: left">​</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Slaughra Swarm (Z04X)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Libarius Scrying And Planning: 37. No Successes!<br/>
Cervantes Obstruction Attempts: 38. No Successes!<br/>
10th Company Efforts: 88! Notable Success. Effects: Notable Victories Against The Enemy.<br/>
WARNING: Slaughra Genestealer Cult Has Activated Tyranid Bioforms Out Of Desperation!<br/>
NOTICE: With loss of the Patriarch, Slaughra Forces have fallen into infighting against one another! Feral Bioforms are targeting Slaughra and each other randomly!<br/>
Conquest Progress:<br/>
Slaughra Capital World - 45% Imperial, 32% Slaughra, 23% Feral Tyranid/Genestealer Bioforms<br/>
Slaughra Ice World - 70% Imperial, 20% Slaughra, 10% Feral Tyranid/Genestealer Bioforms<br/>
Slaughra Desert World - 50% Imperial, 15% Slaughra, 35% Feral Tyranid/Genestealer Bioforms<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Primaris - 60% Imperial, 30% Slaughra, 10% Feral Tyranid/Genestealer Bioforms<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Secundus - 74% Imperial, 19% Slaughra, 7% Feral Tyranid/Genestealer Bioforms<br/>
Z04X Space Control: Imperial Navy Supreme Across System/Imperial Navy Has Split Strength To Send More To Aid Secondary Crusade Targets<br/>
Blood Raven Losses: 10 Scouts [1st Stage]<br/>
Gene-Seed Recovered: +12, Held By Apothecary Marius</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<u>Decisions For 10th Company (Choose One):</u><br/>
[] To The End: The Slaughra as a civilization has ended, yet the corpse continues to twitch. The 10th Company could assist in putting down the last of the Slaughra. This is barely even war, rather, it is an extermination. See to it that the Blood Ravens continue to contribute, and thus cannot be complained of leaving the 'grunt work' to mere mortals.<br/>
[] Depart: The Patriarch is dead. The Swarm is broken. At this point, the rate of Imperial advance is exponential. The central government has been shattered with the Patriarch and his attendants, who <i>were</i> the central government. It is time for the 10th Company to leave this place - lest Cervantes continue his foolish efforts against your forces.<br/>
-[] Rejoin the rest of the Chapter against the Chaos-corrupted Slaughra, who are now the majority of their race.<br/>
-[] Leave for Subsector Aurelia, at the least if only to ensure its safety. It <i>does</i> seem to come under threat with frustrating regularity.<br/>
-[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div>Admiral Graves is a slip of a man, not even going by space marine standards. A regular bolter would potentially collapse him entirely if thrown with even the slightest of strength. The varied medals he wears are heavy enough, you would think. Entirely clean-shaven, to the point of baldness, his dark brown skin is weathered with wrinkles and liver spots – an impressive signifier of age for a man who likely possesses access to even minor rejuvenat treatments. Despite that, his gaze is bright and his eyes clear. What is also clear is the frown he shows to you as you open communications. Around his holographic image swarm a great number of bridge crew and floating servo skulls that trill and float past, yet he stands at the head of this tide of energy with a great deal of ease.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Angelos, this is a surprise,” he begins without preamble or greetings, “From what I’ve experienced with Blood Ravens, you would have simply driven against the enemy in your own path.”<br/>
<br/>
“That was under a heretic’s rule, not my own,” you counter, head tilting slightly at him from within your terminator armor.<br/>
<br/>
Graves narrows his eyes at you before nodding, his lips a firm line.<br/>
<br/>
“Fair. Will your captains follow my orders?”<br/>
<br/>
“They will, Admiral.”<br/>
<br/>
Graves is silent for a moment before nodding again.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. I am not many of my fellows in Sector Command, Angelos. The Inquisition settled the matter, and thus I consider it settled. I can only hope that you and your chapter prove me peers wrong.”<br/>
<br/>
A rare mercy, then, but a welcome one.<br/>
<br/>
“The Sisters currently spread out across my fleet disagree with my agreement to speak with you, and will likely disapprove of you being included within the bounds of our plan,” he notes before the transmission ends. “But, God-Emperor willing, you’ll prove them wrong too.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================<br/>​</div>Contrary to some of the more pessimistic expectations you’ve heard amongst your brothers and the serfs, Graves does not plunge the Blood Raven fleets into the enemy like a speartip to die alone. Instead, he places your ships, battle barges and strike cruisers alike, on the flanks of his formation as it thunders out of the warp, displacing celestial dust and wisps of energy before it. The battleships push forward amongst all of the others, the heavy speartip demanding attention that only their powerful void shield arrays can provide. Even the flagship is a part of this, with packs of cruisers and escorts just barely in their wake. Opposite you, the fleet of the enemy writhes in space, many more of them horrific spawnings of warpflesh and melted metal than actual vessels from a shipyard. Others are pure daemons given great form, beasts of the warp itself. They orient themselves against your forces immediately, they oriented themselves before. An eye visible even from here on the side of one of the greater ships, stares bloodshot at the emblems of the Emperor on your approach. They likely saw you coming through the warp on your way to them.<br/>
<br/>
Arriving on a chorus of the damned and insane ringing out as the grasping tendrils of the warp are cut off as the portal closes behind the fleet, engines activate immediately to push out.  And yet, even then, there is the waiting. Space is vast, vaster even than the Imperium, than all of the tyranid Hive Fleets combined. Patiently, you await on your ship, grip tightening and loosening on your hammer alternatively as you watch the tactical screens. The ships inch closer and closer, closer still, until the barest of ranges can be matched. Surprisingly, the enemy does not shy away from this fight, finding some modicum of honor and courage in their tainted hearts, and leave the swell of their disgusting daemonworld to launch themselves forward. Some of the astropaths, your own librarians tell you, are certain to die the closer they get, as the psychic emanations are already growing malicious. The vox channels are filled with screams and laughter, the adepts of the Mechanicus forced to focus their attentions simply on keeping the communications clear.<br/>
<br/>
Then, impact.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Opening Moments:<br/>
92 vs. 71<br/>
</b><br/>
Lance fire crept out, striking down minor escort vessels in great conflagrations, even as the greater beasts shifted themselves to guard with their horrific defenses. Either out of regenerating flesh, shields of sorcery, or bands of pure rage given physical form, they blocked what came. One of the Imperial escort vessels suddenly listed to the side, screams on its channel, as daemons spontaneously manifested out of the flesh portal that had once been their astropath. Closer, the fleets approached, the enemy undulating outward into a wider formation that Graves was forced to match lest his forces be enveloped.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Encirclement Attempt Of Chaos:<br/>
64 vs. 11</b><br/>
<br/>
A shoal of Chaos-aligned cruisers found themselves beset by twice their number in purity, a minute gap in the enemy defenses taken advantage of by two separate squadrons. Fires blazed in the void, while a great batter of lance blasts licked at the flanks of the greater daemon beasts, who responded with slower if more terrifying blasts of warpfire that coasted out. Some peeled their way through the void shields, superheating entire chunks of a Retribution-class battleship’s hull as technology faltered before the unreal. While hundreds of crewmen and serfs died, blood boiling them to death inside of their own veins, it was negligible to the overall functionality of the battleship, which demanded recompense for the slight regardless.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Speartip And Flanking Ravens<br/>
91 vs. 66</b><br/>
<br/>
No new Apocalypse-class battleships had been built in millennia, and that was by itself one of the greatest tragedies of the Adeptus Mechanicus. Those that remained were sovereign entities amongst all the various fleets of the Imperium, their firepower incomparable by all but a few, and the <i>Fist of Macharius</i> was no different. It plunged into the fray, armored prow slamming directly into an opposing Beast of Tzeentch, snapping bone and flesh in equal measure as it plunged itself deep, before its weapon batteries opened up at close range. Hundreds of undulating tentacles slammed into the ship, some managing to find gaps in the weakened void shields, others simply phasing through, to deposit hundreds of screaming daemons of the Changer of Ways. All around the ship, other vessels roared forth, weapons firing endlessly, as the ship was surrounded further and further, the slaves of Chaos eager to destroy such a valuable target. They would not find an easy target, for banks upon banks of lance weapons usually meant for range were practically touching their targets, targets who by the nature of their eagerness found themselves unable to easily maneuver away.<br/>
<br/>
On that ship, corrupt flames spewed out of daemonic arms and orifices, only to find themselves challenged, matched, and then overwhelmed by golden light and holy promethium. The Order of the Lost Rosetta howled litanies of faith as they repelled boarders from beyond the skein of reality, their zeal manifesting through war.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonic Invasion<br/>
23 vs. 39<br/>
</b><br/>
So close to each other, it was inevitable. To be sure, there was the occasional bevy of boarding torpedoes, transports, and such, but these and their unfortunate xeno occupants found themselves destroyed more often than not by point defenses or the thousands of fighters flitting about around their ships. Instead, it was the warp which provided. This close to the daemonworld, it was almost impossible for the sanctioned psykers of the Imperium to repel them, and many died attempting to do so. Out of nothingness, out of the walls, out of the corpses of their brethren came the denizens of the warp. Chuckling plaguebearers, roaring bloodletters, moaning daemonettes, and horrors aplenty appeared across the fleet, across any ship unfortunate to have crossed too close in this deathly knife-fighting range.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Void Bombardments<br/>
83 vs. 15<br/>
</b><br/>
But the plan proceeded apace. The Blood Ravens had been ordered above, to go vertical, to stand above both man and daemon alike, where their bombardment cannons could aim with the greatest ease. The transmission spat outwards from Graves’ command ship, and with that, the bombardment began. There were no atmospheric conditions to care for, yet no gravity to ensure that the shells fell. No matter, however, for the Blood Ravens had fought long enough to adjust their tactics and calculations – though the logic engines proved their worth as well. A shell meant to deliver apocalypse to entire worlds came down from the <i>Litany of Fury</i> directly into the remaining Beast of Tzeentch that was of equal tonnage to a battleship, and the daemon <i>screamed</i>. The cyclonic torpedo’s payload eagerly ate up the warpflesh as fuel, the inexorable power of chemistry ensuring it burned far and wide. By the end of it, a vast crater of blackened flesh had been burnt deeply into the daemon’s frame. Even as it began to split in two, to create two smaller vessel-like beasts, the other shells hit as well.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Grandfather’s Love<br/>
30 vs. 79<br/>
</b><br/>
Next to you, on the bridge, Justinius grit his teeth, collapsing to one knee.<br/>
<br/>
Before you, in the battlefield, the broken remains of multiple ships spasmed wildly as great mucus fibers sprouted from the clouds of corpses that floated about them. Regardless of crew, their corpses served as fertile ground for the predations of Chaos to reunite broken ships, to inflame unlife into shuttered reactors, to ignite shattered guns once more with death. There were even some Imperial vessels who were similarly affected, melding together or simply reviving after being cored by a lucky shot of the enemy. All the while, signals and commands fluttered back and forth from Graves’ ship, the man apparently unfettered by what was occurring all around him.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Response<br/>
97 vs. 10<br/>
</b><br/>
The formation collapsed entirely, and them reformed itself, abandoning a few escort squadrons that had gotten left behind, only for lance and torpedo salvos to obliterate the enemy ships that fell upon them. Orders transmitted to your own ships led to the Blood Ravens to finally descend, firing all the way, into the vertical flanks of the enemy, an almost perpendicular charge downwards, with the battle barges leading all the way. A terrible light emerged from below, where a nova cannon had fired and simply tore apart an enemy battleship, the <i>Fist of Macharius </i>emerging from its ramming and battling scarred but unbroken. Another series of bombardment shells slammed into another battleship, while your lesser weapon arrays fired upon the daemon vessels.<br/>
<br/>
<b>49 vs. 91<br/>
</b><br/>
The corpses of two Slaughra battleships slammed into one another as if clapped together by the hands of their Gods, their engines long dead but motion still granted to them. The sigils daubed across their frames blazed with light, until finally they began to melt into one another. Where there were still gaps, eldritch energies bled out from the warp within until they combined utterly, growing heavy spires of bone that coughed out globs of viscous blood, literal oceans of blood that somehow yet burned hot enough to burn down void shields and hull plating alike. At the head of the unwieldy beast formed a rictus skull-mask in the shape of a screaming slaughra, yet with a spiked brass collar around its throat. From the tip of each spike came lance-equivalent fire, yet the color alone was enough to blind and madden any who witnessed them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>91 vs. 21<br/>
</b><br/>
Then you fell upon them, with all the fury of the Blood Ravens. Bombardment cannons fired, weapons arrays targeted, and then finally another exterminatus shell slammed down into that gaping maw. It was the combined mass of two battleships, wounds healed by the warp and daemonflesh, and fired with enough lances and cannons either formed for the first time or bent back into shape to match three smaller vessels. Little of this mattered, for the ships of the space marines are built to withstand the bombardments of worlds as they land their troops. Both the <i>Omnis </i>and <i>Litany</i> have sustained far worse in their time, and will likely suffer more still. Before it can do more than destroy a pair of cruisers and cause damage to several battlecruisers, it is brought low once more. Lance fire from the <i>Fist</i> outright destroys many more escort ships, and some cruisers besides, its advanced targeting allowing it to be a harvester amongst fallow wheat.<br/>
<br/>
<b>72 vs. 45</b><br/>
<br/>
<i>This</i> time, the comparative purity of the Imperium’s psykers contrasted heavily with the tainted sorcery of the enemy. A hundred psykers shrieked amongst the Navy ships, while Justinius tightened his grip around his staff and muttered words that could not be heard by one not touched by the warp. Light gleamed ephemerally around the fleet, blinking in and out of existence, and another effort to draw forth ships from the warp failed utterly. The portal opened, certainly, and while it was in fact a gaping maw directly into the hellish warp itself, it closed soon after before anything significant could escape it. A few daemons managed to manifest upon the ships on the fringe of the formation, but these were put down after only a few massacres of void armsmen.<br/>
<br/>
<b>76 vs. 35<br/>
</b><br/>
From below, and then outright behind horizontally, came another of the Avenger-class Grand Cruisers. It was trailing from ten wounds, some scored so deep that you could see the void through the other side, yet its reactors burned brighter than ever. You do not know the captains name, but whoever they were, they were determined to make their sacrifice count. The ship damage was incredible, and essentially irreparable due to the age of the ship, and still it came, firing what few weapons remained to it. Some of the enemy turned to fight it, but they could not stop it, even as they warpfire splashed and clung to its body. If anything, it only made it a brighter comet.<br/>
<br/>
Then it struck, ramming deep into one of the enemy battleships, all energy taken from every weapon, every shield, even likely artificial gravity and life support, all to the engines. A final burst of power exploded at the same time as the ship began to collapse utterly, as it slammed the battleship into the one next to it, crushing hundreds of fighters in between the two by weight and force. Only then did it explode, a brief flash of the warp opening involuntarily, and then all three were gone, leaving only scraps behind.<br/>
<br/>
<b>49 vs. 50<br/>
</b><br/>
Still, the enemy fought on, despite losing so many crucial components of their fight, a deadlock of painful proportions.<br/>
<br/>
<b>15 vs. 4<br/>
</b><br/>
But they could not fight forever. There was nowhere to retreat, for this was their last bastion, and if they fled now they would lose their world forever. All who fought knew it, those who fought to save and those who had come to destroy.<br/>
<br/>
<b>89 vs. 13<br/>
</b><br/>
Perhaps if it had just been the Imperial Navy, there would have been a loss. The enemy was tenacious, the Gods granting their blessings with gleeful abandon, ships and beasts spat out from the warp or at the least freakishly healed by it. Throughout it all, the forces of humanity fought on, and on, and on. Boarding pods carried the Sisters of Battle onto ships that could bear their presence, while outright daemons were instead blown apart by lance and torpedo alike. Waves of bombers and fighters peeled back layers of chitin and rotten musculature alike in equal measure, revealing the innards within and exposing them to destruction from a multitude of sources. When each died its death, the lights emanating from the daemonworld grew brighter, for death was death, and even with their followers and fleet brought low, it could be considered a sacrifice of some sort or another.<br/>
<br/>
The last was a more cowardly sort, a daemonic thing that had only managed to feast upon enough souls and flesh to achieve the size of a Sword-class frigate, and found itself violently hunted down by thrice its number in that which it had aped.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================<br/>​</div>“The Inquisition has confirmed it,” Graves states, placing the cold sigil of their organization upon the table, “This planet is to be removed as a threat by way of Exterminatus. Chapter Master, I assume you still yet carry the armaments?”<br/>
<br/>
You nod in turn, though your gaze bounces along varied commanders of the Imperial Guard and a veritable <i>bevy</i> of Lost Rosetta. This time, their Canoness Superior has been joined by an honor guard…of other Canonesses, each apparently leaders of their own divisions within her Order. Tenenbaum, for her part, glares at you with a modicum less violent hatred than when you saw her last. Not enough for her sisters, it seems, who have spent the entire time unblinking as a group the moment the Blood Ravens entered the meeting room, hands resting plainly on their weapons.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. The issue at hand, then, is to allow your ships the ability to do so. The Tarot, our sanctioned psykers, and what little out scans could manage have confirmed it – numerous sites exist along the planet’s primary continent which would prevent orbital bombardment.”<br/>
<br/>
Said locations flicker into being on the display which is blown up to be viewed by all, the techpriests on their hands and knees, mechadendrites whirring as they ensure the machine continues to function post-battle. To their credit, the image only flickers every few seconds instead of constantly.<br/>
<br/>
“Towers and pits, either technological or sorcerous, are the source of these things. A large enough number must be destroyed to open a window for the ships of the Blood Ravens to unleash a bombardment enough to wipe this accursed rock clean,” he speaks calmly, circling a group in particular. “Landing will begin soon, and we must be ready to fight for every inch. This world is beholden to none of the Dark Gods in particular, as near as we can tell, so there is no single precise set of tactics or expectations we may hold within ourselves.”<br/>
<br/>
Margaret stands, her fists slamming onto the table heavily, making it list slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“They will all die in the flames of the Emperor regardless. Let us land first, and the Guard can come in behind us. Together, we shall all tear down the works of the heretic and xeno alike!”<br/>
<br/>
The General, whose name you do not know, stands as well.<br/>
<br/>
“A fair plan, we can only hope that we’ll be able to reach the surface in enough numbers to pull it off.”<br/>
<br/>
Something ugly dances in one of the Canonesses eyes as she turns her head towards him.<br/>
<br/>
“You doubt the God-Emperor’s holy warriors, and your own forces? Are they…<i>impious</i>?” Her tone is at once accusing and threatening, but before anyone can do more than begin to raise their voice, Margaret’s voice clamps own on her lesser’s shoulder.<br/>
<br/>
“Calm yourself, Clarissa,” she chides in a surprisingly motherly tone, “It is a daemonworld, and they have defenses aplenty. You cannot fault him for his concern.”<br/>
<br/>
“But he <i>doubts</i>,” Clarissa replies, her eyes still on the General.<br/>
<br/>
“And he will see that he was wrong to do so when we obliterate this world.”<br/>
<br/>
It is at that point that Admiral Graves coughs.<br/>
<br/>
“All well and good, but there is another voice we have not heard much from,” he turns towards you. “Chapter Master?”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<u><b>Select Plan For For Stage Eight Of Engagement [Choose One]</b></u>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
[] The Hammer: Join the Blood Ravens with the landings of the Guard and the Order of the Lost Rosetta. While not necessarily performing speartip strikes or the like, the force multiplier of having space marines augmenting these somewhat more mundane forces cannot be underestimated, in morale and effectiveness. If the Blood Ravens should show themselves to be pure once more, what better way than this, when you can amply demonstrate yourselves to those who are certainly watching? It might not be as precisely effective as more traditional space marine tactics, but how long was your Chapter aloof under the hand of Kyras?<br/>
[] The Scalpel: Allow the Guard and Sisters to land as they must, to begin advances towards the towers. You should forge ahead of them all, and break the enemy from afar. Shatter power stations, shield emitters, and enemy supply locations ahead of the advance, ensuring it to be that much easier. Will it be more difficult? Of course, your marines will be alone, but they will be alone doing what only they can and could. The potential for danger is always there, and yet more so without any support from the Guard or the Sisters. But, then again, is that not what the Blood Ravens were meant for?<br/>
[] The End: This fight has stretched long enough, and the ranks of the Guard of the Sector require time to resupply, rearm, and recruit once more. The same can be said of the Sisters. End this war, here, now, but sending your forces directly through the teleportariums deep into enemy territory, into the planetary shield emitters and ritual sites directly. It would be tremendously dangerous, for in this environment teleporting could easily result in the utter disappearance of your forces into the warp forever. Yet if you could bring down the proper targets, then all could leave this cursed place, an allow for a proper exterminatus to take place. This world is tainted, has been for too long, and must be destroyed. You would be alone, in the fiercest possible fighting, and might end up losing troops simply in attempting to get them there. But if successful it would spare far more lives of the Guard and Lost Rosetta.<br/>
[] Write-In: (Write-In)<br/>​</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Naval Presences In System</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Imperial Navy Losses In System</b><br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruiser<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x2 Firestorm, x1 Cobra, x2 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Vice Admiral Kurek) <b>Hull To Be Reclaimed</b><br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships <b>1 Of 2 Hulls Able To Be Reclaimed</b><br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
1 Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Gothic-class Cruisers<br/>
14 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
3 Dictator-class Cruisers<br/>
17 Escort Squadrons (x9 Firestorm, x0 Cobra, x8 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blood Raven Losses In System</b><br/>
x2 Gladius Frigates (4th Company)<br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Great Father's Fist</i><br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Omnis Arcanum</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Kappa</b><br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Theta</b><br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
3 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Nu</b><br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x3 Firestorm, x2 Cobra)<br/>
2 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Sigma</b><br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
9 Escort Squadrons (x5 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
5 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonworld/Capital</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Admiral Graves)<br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Vice Admiral Kurek) <b>Mission Killed, Hull To-Be-Salvaged</b><br/>
1 Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
3 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
10 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
13 Escort Squadrons (x5 Firestorm, x4 Cobra, x4 Sword)<br/>
35 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleets (Blood Ravens)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>