<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 40 Social - 2489.5 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 40 Social - 2489.5 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Panoramia
[*] Brief the Emperor
[*] Sylvania
[*] Thorek
[*] Max

[*] [SCRIBE] Locals

Tally



"Your Majesty," you say with a bow, as Emperor Luitpold enters the Mappa Mundi room of the Imperial Palace, where an immense mosaic map of the Empire covers the floor.

"Lady Magister," he responds with a nod, and gestures to the man following him in. "This is Graf Otto von Bitternach, Chamberlain of the Seal."

"We've met," you say as you shake the Graf's hand.

"Her advice was quite helpful during Marienburg's talk of barring the First Fleet from the Sea of Claws," he agrees.

"Dragomas said you had news regarding your project with the Elves of Laurelorn," the Emperor prompts.

"I do, with several facets to it. What do you know of the Waystones that dot your realm, your Majesty?"

"They're ancient Elven artefacts that ward off dark magics, I believe."

You consider this. Whoever came up with that layman's explanation was quite clever: it explains what they need to know and minimizes the chances they'd get it in their head to mess with them, either out of fear or ambition. "In effect that's true, but their actual mechanism is rather more involved. You see, when magic first entered the world, it accumulated over centuries until it became thick enough to sustain entire armies of Daemons, who went on to rampage through the continents and besiege the isle of Ulthuan. In response, the Asur created the Great Vortex to drain away excess magical energy, allowing them to break the siege and banish the Daemonic armies. In the centuries that followed they met and entered into an alliance with the Dwarves, and together they built the Waystone Network across the world." You wave your hand and glowing streams of light spread across the floor, forming themselves into the pattern of Nexuses and leylines as they were in the time before the War of the Ancients. "They achieved equilibrium, with the magic flowing in from the Northern Wastes being balanced out by the magic flowing out through the leylines. But the War of the Ancients turned the Elves and Dwarves against each other, and in the end the Elves of Ulthuan abandoned the Old World, save for a couple of holdout colonies that refused to leave. Our ancestors filled the vacuum, building our own cities upon the ruins of the Elves and, either knowingly or not, protecting most of the most important Waystones. But not all."

You point to Ostland, and three points of light go dark. "The Brass Keep, the Blood Fane, and the Tower of Melkhior are all now held by dark forces, making the Forest of Shadows that much darker." You point again, this time to Ostermark. "Mordheim was destroyed, and it's no coincidence that the Vampire Wars began soon after." You point to Westerland. "Almshoven was destroyed by a Plague Fleet during the Great War." You clench your fist, and all the streams of light flicker and disappear. "We teetered on the edge of oblivion and didn't even realize it. But Fort Solace was established soon after with an Asur-supplied monolith at the core of its lighthouse." You wave your hand and the light reappears, rerouted through this new junction. "To get to the Great Vortex, the leylines have to get past the mountains. And currently, the only place they can do that is through Marienburg and its holdings, the maintenance of which is dependent on the largesse of the Asur. Which, I feel, adds an uncomfortable factor to the rather strained state of relations between them and us."

"Would they go so far as to hold it hostage?" Emperor Luitpold asks, his eyes turning to the Chamberlain of the Seal.

"Hard to say," Graf Otto replies after a moment of thought. "I doubt Ulthuan would actually follow through on any veiled threats - that sort of thing would be ruinous for their reputation in the Old World - but if Marienburg wasn't in the habit of slipping leashes they'd still be a province."

"There has been suspicion that the mining on the Skull River was the work of rogue elements within Marienburg," you mention. "And my contacts within Tor Lithanel suggest that Ulthuan would have a limited ability to replace destroyed Waystones."

"So some rogue brinksmanship could end up flinging us right over the edge, even if most of Marienburg doesn't want it," the Emperor muses. "Why did the Elves build this with a single point of failure in the first place?"

"Good question, one I've been digging into myself. And what I've found is that they didn't." You point to Wissenland. "Bugman's Brewery, built on the site of the Dwarven settlement of Kazad Thar by members of Karak Norn's royal family. My suspicion is that this was once part of an alternate route for magic to flow, from there to Karak Norn to the Elven settlement within Athel Loren. But the reputation of the Asrai in this modern era suggests they are no longer the sort to leave immense magical power untouched. So feeding them the magical runoff from most of a continent could be... problematic." There's murmurs of agreement from your audience. "For this reason, I suspect the Dwarves of Karak Norn might have removed this possibility millennia ago, most likely during the War of the Ancients."

"You haven't asked them?" the Emperor asks.

"Not yet," you reply. "It's a minefield of taboo subjects, so should only be approached with great forethought and delicacy."

"And Karak Norn are an odd bunch, even by Dwarven standards," Graf Otto adds.

You point to Reikland, and an isolated point of light appears up against the mountains. "And then there's my most recent discovery: Athel Yenlui, hidden in the foothills north of Helmgart. And I do mean hidden, if I didn't have a map from the Eonir pointing me straight to it I doubt I would have found it at all. Once a Waystone allowing magic to flow from Altdorf to Castle Parravon, but since adapted into what we're calling an Aethyric Shunt. The purpose it now serves is twofold: it is why the Reikwald is so much milder than the Drakwald or the Great Forest, and it is why the Vorbergland is so fertile."

The Emperor frowns. "I take it that it can't continue doing that while serving this Waystone Network of yours?"

"I'm afraid not."

"Well, at least it defangs the hostage scenario. They'd be able to confirm the existence of this Athel with their contacts in Ulthuan, and that would dissuade them from following through, since it would unite the Old World against them without actually putting overwhelming pressure on the Empire. Speaking of Ulthuan, any sign of them sniffing around Tor Lithanel?"

"Not yet, though the Naggarothi are making overtures."

"Won't be long until Ulthuan arrives then, mark my words," Graf Otto says.

"But if we're going to make use of it," the Emperor says, "we need to make sure we keep a hold of it. Especially if it's currently responsible for the relative bounty of the Reikland." He walks over the map, gingerly stepping over the magical light signifying the leylines, and leans over to consider the position of Athel Yenlui. "It had to be there. The Margrave of Helmgart might be able to afford the cost of garrisoning it, but that would get the Graf of Eilhart and the Baron of Ussingen up in arms, even though neither of them can afford it. Might even be easier to foist it off onto the Graf of Schilderheim since it's accessible via the Schilder, but then the Graf of Holthusen would oppose it. No, it'll have to be someone else." He pauses, his frown deepening. "Would the Elves try to claim it?"

"No," you say confidently, "the revanchist faction going extinct is what allowed them to reach out to us in the first place. Besides, they're as bad as Altdorfers about how insistent they are that their city is the best place to live."

"One of the Cults, maybe, or the Jades or Ambers. We'll see. What of the Project itself?"

"Investigation of the medium-sized Waystones is ongoing, but we've managed to recreate the smaller, supplemental ones using a few different magical paradigms. Actually implementing them would be long-term projects - my best estimate is that a team of four magic-users could meet the needs of a province within a decade - but if they are put into place, then the benefits of reducing the amount of stagnant magic would be widespread. Citizens will be healthier and saner, there'll be less mutants and Beastmen born, storms of magic will be rarer, there'll be less mayhem on Geheimnisnacht and Hexensnacht, and less power available to Necromancers and Sorcerers."

"Shouldn't be that hard a sell to at least set it up around the cities and larger towns. What do you mean by 'magical paradigms'?"

"There's a Jade Order ritual that requires interfacing with an established forest. I'm not sure if Reikland would qualify because of the effects of the Aethyric Shunt, but that should work fine for Talabecland." He nods, and you continue. "There's a Kislevite Hag Witch ritual that uses a water spirit to establish them, that would be suited for the southern provinces and Reikland."

"What's the legal status of the Hag Witches?"

"They don't perform magic directly, they wrangle various kinds of spirits to get things done. According to mainstream doctrine in the Empire, that would make them closer to Priests than Wizards. Besides that, the ritual can be performed by our own Wizards as long as they can secure the cooperation of a water spirit." He nods. "Finally, there's a ritual dedicated to a minor Goddess worshipped within the Forest of Shadows called Halétha. This one seems to me the most flexible as it can be performed anywhere as long as it's done by a member of their priesthood, but legally it's tricky. They're associated with the northern branches of the Hedgewise, a rural magical tradition that's as old as the Empire, but has splintered over the years into a number of different belief systems. The Grey Order has been working on bringing some of their branches into the fold, and their involvement in this project is a part of that, but the efforts of the Templars to stamp them out has made them slow to trust."

He nods. "Dragomas and Yorri clash often on the topic."

"A question, if I may," Graf Otto says, and the Emperor nods his assent. "You say this magic flows through Bretonnia to reach Ulthuan. Does this mean that there are more vulnerable bottlenecks within its borders?"

"I've attempted to secure Bretonnia's involvement, but they seem to feel snubbed by their not being host to the Project, so I can only speculate, but the geography of the Tilean-Estalian border suggests it might be a point of vulnerability, and the dire state of Mousillon suggests that Gisoreux would now be another. The only point I've confirmed as an exit point for magic on the Old World is Los Cabos in Estalia, though Castle Lyonesse may be one as well."

"Are you suggesting," the Emperor says slowly, "that the entire Empire might be lost to the Chaos Wastes if a single Estalian city-port were to fall?"

"I don't think it would come to that, your Majesty. Ulthuan appears to be keeping a close eye on Los Cabos, and should it be endangered I believe it likely that they would either defend or replace it, as they did to Almshoven. I suspect that they have come to rely on a constant influx of magic to maintain their realm."

"Disquieting nevertheless. Thank you for your work in this endeavour, Lady Magister, and I task you with continuing it. The benefits you describe are worthwhile, and though I do not like to hear of these hitherto unknown vulnerabilities, I'd much rather know about them now than when the razing of some southern village dooms the continent."

"It is an honour to serve, your Majesty. I will pass word of any further developments via the Supreme Patriarch."

---

Markgraf Nyklaus Schurz, as it turns out, is Markgraf twice over. First, as one of many sons of the Markgravine of Essen and therefore, as Markgraf is an inherently militant title, automatically entitled to call himself by the title he must be ready to inherit should his mother and many older brothers be slain at that frontier of the Empire. And now, though not yet announced to the Empire at large, soon to be the warden of the much greater march of Eastern Stirland. The man himself is an alarmingly intense man a few years your junior, wearing the extravagant twin-tailed hat of a seaborn officer and has a goatee that juts alarmingly out from his chin.

"Do you know what a caul is?" he asks you abruptly after introductions are exchanged.

You look at him quizzically. "The headdress?"

"Haha, in a sense. Very rarely a child is born with part of the sac that contained them still clinging to their scalp. Among certain sects of the Morrites, including my own family, it is considered a sign that the one that bears it is to become the next Andanti, the Morr-blessed slayer of Vampires, that my family believed itself part of the bloodline of. Incorrectly, as it turned out. So very many years trained in a form of combat senseless to merely mortal men, and a jaunt into Sylvania to awaken what was thought to be my birthright. It was, in all respects, an utter farce. One that in all likelihood would have killed me, were it not for your very self, and your Grace, carving a bloody swathe across it and distracting all the worst horrors that dwell in its shadows. Instead it scarred me, and killed my handlers, and gave me opportunity to leave for the other fraternity that considers the caul to be a mark of greatness: sailors. A less glorious brotherhood, perhaps, but one that manages to produce more than one worthy a generation.

"It was, I can now admit, a youthful tantrum, but one I will never regret, as it taught me the measure of myself, and over the years earned me glory enough that I could return to my disgraced family and snatch back the petty titles that was all they could truly pass down. Now I return to the place that made a lie of everything I thought I was, and the place that I will teach the lie of what it thinks itself to be. Sylvania has not existed for centuries, not since the Von Draks went extinct in the maw of the Vampire. It is now, and will never be more than, Eastern Stirland. I will spill the blood of those that found it comfortable to pay their taxes in the blood of others, and I will allow all the others the gentle mercy of taxes in unsanguine kind. It will be as blissfully moral a task as the pursuit of the fanged ones, as those that resist deserve all the evils that I will pay unto them, and all that welcome me will deserve all the mercies that they will learn to be normal in every other corner of our realm."

You take a moment to take in his slightly manic speech. "Your ambitions, at least, are the equal of the task before you."

"And am I? After all, is that not why you are here? To pass judgement on the man that will finish the job that your younger self began?"

You return the man's frankly evaluating look with one of your own. "I'm mostly here to make sure you're not actually a Vampire. The rest is curiosity."

"Can you actually spot that?"

"In my experience, yes. I suspect that there are some who may be able to make their soul look like that of a regular human, but it would take constant concentration and an extremely deft hand to be able to make ambient Winds react normally to it, and that's only if they knew they needed to do so."

"Fascinating. Is whatever you're currently doing more important than Sylvania?"

"Funny you should ask, it might actually be better for Sylvania..."

A long and detailed conversation about Sylvania and the many different possible approaches to taming its horrors, you part ways a lot less unsure about leaving Sylvania in his hands. He's clearly out of his depth, but aware of it and willing to keep digging as far down as it takes to entrench himself. Short of doing the job yourself, that may be the best you can ask for. He's also a touch on the overly energetic side, but that's far from the worst of character quirks that might be expected of the sort of person willing to take this job. That's not to say you won't turn a careful eye in his direction from time to time, but you might not need to have a blade ready every time you do so.



- Happy fifth birthday to the quest.
  </body>
</html>