<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 39 Results - 2489 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 39 Results - 2489 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Plan: Ordnance Survey
-[*] Waystone: Tributaries (Belthani) (Tochter, Cadaeth, Aksel, Niedzwenka, Zlata)
-[*] Waystone: Mapping (Empire, Border Princes) (Egrimm, Johann, Max, Aksel)
-[*] Waystone: Leylines (Sarvoi, Hatalath, Zlata, Elrisse, Thorek)
-[*] Receive training: On the Education of Apprentices (100gc)
-[*] Receive training: Powerstone creation methods (100gc)
-[*] EIC: Investigate what trade goods the Eonir might be willing to import from the Empire.
-[*] KAU: The many legends about the amount of books contained within and under Castle Drakenhof still haunt you. Organize an expedition to mine the ruins for books.
--[*] The Gambler: KAU: Drakenhof
-[*] SERENITY: Write a book: Windsoak Mushrooms (2/2)

Tally




After two years of preparations, the Waystone Project has finally, actually begun. You refuse to let the enormity of the task ahead of you get to you, and you've decided to start chipping away at the problem from three directions. First, a basic fact-finding survey of the network of nexuses in the Empire and Border Princes so you can finally know for sure how many points of failure there are between the Empire and the western half of the continent. Second, an examination of what seems like the lowest-hanging fruit: the Belthani tributary waystones. And third, a first inroad into studying the Elven Waystones themselves by examining the leylines they feed the magic into. You've split up the contributors to the project amongst them so that everyone has a part to play, but without separating most of the potential trouble points - the High Luminary with the Hekartian, the Ice Witch with the Hag Witch, the Runelord with the Grey Lord, the Druidess with the Haléthan. If there are going to be problems, better to meet them head on and deal with them early than to try to forestall them and have them finally erupt when you're hip deep in disassembled metaphysics.

---

It seems likely to you that there will not be any such thing as an unclaimed nexus. In your experiences so far this has meant Jades and Taalites, but as you go further afield it stands to reason that the forces that may have laid claim to local nexuses would be not quite as intertwined with Imperial society. Aksel, of course, represents one such example of an unintertwined party, and after working with them for over a decade you're confident Max and Johann will follow your lead. But Egrimm, the fifth member of the cartographical coterie you have in mind, might be more of a sticking point. So before you gather your party and venture forth, you take Egrimm aside to feel him out on the matter.

"So far," you say to him, "we know of two extremes: nexuses controlled by the Empire's institutions, such as the Waystone at the heart of the Jade College, the Horn of Taal, and the Runestones of Gross Selon, and nexuses controlled by our deadly enemies, such as those in the Forest of Shadows. But as we start poking into the dimmer corners of the Empire, and especially as we venture into the Border Princes, it becomes likely that we'll encounter those in the hands of more ambiguous parties - the Article 13 sort, rather than the Article 15 sort. It would be best if we're all in agreement on how to handle that before we actually encounter it."

Egrimm smiles. It can be hard to tell with him, but he seems amused. "And you're worried I'd be particularly hidebound on the matter?"

"I thought it best to be sure. I know being taken for granted is a sore spot with you."

His smile fades a bit, but he nods. "Put like that, I see where you're coming from. Don't worry, my conscience can accept turning a blind eye to a lesser evil."

"It might be more than that. If it comes to it, I've got clearance from the highest levels to directly work with any equivalents to the Hag Witches that might exist on our side of the border."

He gives you a long, searching look. "I may have oversold the Cult of Tahoth Trisheros to you, if you think they're still enough of a power to control nexuses."

You frown at him. "What?"

"Isn't that what you're getting at?"

"No, I'm just trying to find out if you'd expect us to go right to the Witch Hunters if we find a bunch of Hedge Wizards worshipping a nexus in Hintertupfingen or whatever."

"Oh, I thought-" He shakes his head. "No, I'm really not going to lose any sleep about letting a few bumpkin Magickers go free. It'd take us a decade to get across a province if we stopped to chase down every herbalist and talismonger."

That will do. "Glad we're on the same page, then."

---

With mutual understanding finally achieved, you bring everyone together to start consulting a map. "Right," you say, pointing at Marienburg. "Start at the 'mouth' of the river. Marienburg itself has a nexus within it, which connects to Fort Solace, which connects to Couronne. This is the only confirmed route we know of out of the Empire. Fort Solace is a new construction, built to replace Almshoven after the Great War Against Chaos, and that the Asur went to the trouble of erecting it makes me worried that it might be a single point of failure for the eastern half of the continent. Our first job will be to confirm that, and to see if we can narrow down where in Marienburg their nexus might be."

Despite recent tensions, Marienburg is a cosmopolitan trade city whose gates are open to all, so you have no trouble moving in and out of the city as you perform your mystical survey. Though it's hard to spot against the blinding torrents of energy flowing from Altdorf and on to Fort Solace, you're greatly relieved to find a trickle of outbound energy heading west-southwest, which must be heading towards the Gisoreux Gap and presumably onwards to Gisoreux itself. That still leaves Marienburg as a possible single point of failure, but it does mean that Fort Solace is not.

These three leylines also allow you triangulate the position of Marienburg's nexus to the fortress of Rijker's Isle, once the seat of the Elector Count of Westerland and, as the Directorate does not trust any one of their number to control such a symbolically and strategically important location, now a heavily-garrisoned prison.

---

"Upstream, Reikland. Marienburg connects to Altdorf, whose nexus is the heart of the Jade College. It connects to Talabheim and Nuln, and once connected to a place called 'Athel Yenlui' that previously offered another path through the mountains. We'll do a lap to be sure, but I'm almost certain that it is no longer connected to anywhere else."

After Marienburg you keep your eyes peeled for even a thin trickle of outbound energy which you presume to indicate a currently-unused 'backup' leyline, but you find nothing but the bright streams coming in from Talabheim and Nuln. Aksel tries to get in touch with his counterparts in Reikland, but with the Reikland Hedgewise engaged in some sort of theological conflict with the Sigmarites and therefore being especially hunted by the Templars, he's unable to do so.

---

"Next, east to Talabecland. I believe the Horn of Taal to be Talabheim's nexus, and I know it connects to Gross Selon in Ostermark, and we'll be checking it for any other incoming connections. From pre-War of Vengeance maps I've seen, the Elves used to have a string of colonies along the Wolf's Run, so I suspect a nexus in Hochland somewhere."

You're able to confirm that the stream from Altdorf disappears into the Taalgrunhaar forest that the Horn of Taal is somewhere within, and you leave it at that instead of investigating further and finding out for yourself how stringently modern Taalites follow the old tradition that any outsiders looking upon the Horn of Taal would have their eyes put out. You do a great lap of the Taalbaston and sure enough find a stream of energy coming in from the north, which you follow up the Wolf's Run to Hergig. Your first suspicion is the Hochland College of Sorcery, but you follow it instead all the way up to the ancient fortress of Hochergig at the heart of the city. The Hochlanders claim that in the time of Sigmar it withstood the assault of Nagash just as well as Taalaheim, Fauschlag, and Marburg did, and that the largest beastherd the continent has ever seen shattered upon its walls. In other provinces these are laughed off as the petty boasting of the Empire's smallest province, but standing at the foot of the ancient fortress you find it rather easier to believe.

Onwards from Hergig you cross the border and find yourself led to the unassuming barony of Kienbaum, whose single population centre is a town of the same name, centred by a modest castle. The guards on the keep find themselves rather alarmed to be presented with a bevy of Magisters, and you have no trouble talking your way into the central courtyard, which rather incongruously has a small, locked shed in its centre. Inside that - as the castle's steward has appeared and proves rather easy to browbeat into opening it - and covered by a sheet is a familiar shade of gold, the tip of a waystone that must have its foundations deep in the subbasements of the castle. Actually intruding on the castle itself would be more trouble than its worth, so you thank the locals for their time and move on.

The third and, it seems, final stop on this unexpected relay is Castle Lenkster, the fortification guarding both the border with Hochland and one of the larger valleys leading into the Middle Mountains. Local legend has it that this is where the Dwarves of Karaz Ghumzul left the Middle Mountains for the last time, and on the way through they laid a curse upon the mountains. This comes as something of a surprise to you, as you know for a fact that Karaz Ghumzul was abandoned four thousand years ago, and these curse-laying Dwarves must have been leaving just as the ancestors of the Empire were first arriving in these lands. The garrison of Castle Lenkster are state troops reporting directly to the Elector Count of Ostland so you refrain from trying to browbeat your way in, but you do a lap of the walls to confirm that this is the end of the line. Perhaps the fall of wherever was next in this chain of nexuses is either caused by or contributed to the abandonment of Karaz Ghumzul, and the 'curse' the locals remember was a severe uptick in nastiness crawling out of the Middle Mountains now that the ambient magic was no longer being drained away.

You return to Talabheim and reunite with Aksel, who has been making contact with his fellows in Talabecland. These, he tells you, are even more insular than most Hedgewise, and apparently practice a variation of the Old Faith that brings them into conflict with the Taalites. Though he doesn't get much out of them, he does learn that their legends tell of what had once been their own fortress nexus to guard, similar to the Brass Keep of the Forest of Shadows Hedgewise, but with even more tragic a fate. You find yourself overcome with an eerie sense of repetition as you hear of the Marcher Fortress being drawn into the realm of the Lord of Excess, its guardians doomed to be corrupted at the leisure of the resident Daemons.

---

"Ostermark I've already investigated and I don't fancy a trip into Mordheim without a lot more preparation, so next would be Wissenland. We find the nexus in Nuln - bets on the tower of the Dark Lady of Nuln? - and then we check for any other connections. I'm hoping that there's a way through the mountains, even if it means it goes through Athel bloody Loren."

Huh. Not the tower of Magister Matriarch Elspeth von Draken, but the Iron Isle, the place that the Elector Count Konstantin von Liebwitz offered you when he was trying to recruit you as his Spymaster. Had he known that and assumed you did too, or is it a coincidence? In any case, you do a lap and not only find a stream coming in from a direction that does heavily suggest Bugman's Brewery, but also one from exactly east. Had there been a nexus in Stirland the entire time and you'd failed to notice it? You consult a mental map - Franzen? Vigaun? and then put the matter out of your mind for now. One nexus at a time.

You will not, you decide, disturb the ruins of Bugman's Brewery if you don't have to. The tale is one you can't spend long amongst Dwarves without hearing. Clan Dragonback, the Royal Clan of Ekrund, helped found Karak Norn, and the Dragonback King-in-Exile became the consort of its ruler, the first Queen to rule a Hold of the Karaz Ankor. This should have permanently intertwined the Dragonback and Ironpick clans, but for reasons unsaid part of the Dragonbacks splintered off and came to the lowlands, adopting the name of Bugman and establishing a settlement. Or, to those who have seen the ancient maps of the Old World of the Golden Age, re-establishing the Hill Dwarf settlement of Kazad Thar. Then came the time of Dieter IV and the devastation of Waaagh Grom, and Bugman's Brewery was destroyed, its ale looted, its people killed or taken as slaves. When Josef Bugman returned home from delivering a shipment of ale to Dieter IV to find nothing but ruins and blood, he and his remaining companions went after the Goblins responsible in the hopes of rescuing their families. It is here that the tale trails off into dark murmurs and oaths of vengeance, and Josef Bugman and those that follow him still pursue vengeance to this day, seventy years later.

As you circle the ruins of what was once the most renowned brewery in the known world and find a torrent of energy flowing in from the west-northwest, you begin to guess at the rest of the tale of Clan Dragonback. Why would part of their Royal Clan walk away from a place of honour in Karak Norn to build a brewery in the lowlands? For duty. Because atop Karak Norn, you now have no doubt, somewhere in that forested plateau upon which grows the finest wood of the Karaz Ankor, is a nexus. What would be the only nexus standing between the Empire and a slow slide into the realm of Chaos if the Rijker's Isle nexus was destroyed.

---

It's with some relief for your younger self that you cross from Stirland into the Moot, glad that the nexus at least wasn't literally in your backyard, and you find your path taking you to the Halfling capital of Eicheschatten. You spend some time staring at the towering stone maypole at the centre of the public green - 'the largest maypole in the Empire!', you remember being told when you spent a night in a tavern here - and smile.

There's a single other connection here, and you follow it just south of southwest into Averland, where, Aksel says, the Hedgewise claim direct descent from the Priest-Kings of the Brigundians. Your path leads you to the crossroads town of Heideck, somewhat famous for the extensive Dwarven catacombs it is built atop. Somewhere in it, is is said, are sealed chambers filled with riches. Usually the ones saying that are the ones selling 'authentic' maps to credulous visitors, but there's no denying the catacombs exist, as extensive research has been done by the sort of academic who would rather poke around an ancient ruin than go ask the Dwarves the questions they seek the answers to. Somewhere in there, you now have reason to believe, is a sealed chamber wherein one can find a nexus.

It would, it seems, be the last nexus in the chain, a fact that you triple-check before you accept, as Heideck's location seems ideal for a leyline to pass straight down Black Fire Pass from the Border Princes. Perhaps somewhere in the mountains is a destroyed or deactivated or incomplete nexus that once would have bridged north and south.

You part ways with Aksel here, and you, Egrimm, Johann, and Max make your way through Black Fire Pass and into the Border Princes. It is said to be a dangerous place to travel through, but the ones that say it are not Wizards. Any one of you could probably conquer just about any polity within the Border Princes, and the four of you together would probably be able to get a fair way through conquering the entire region before the Colleges notice and tell you to cut it out. It is an area poor in just about everything except for greenskins, who pour in from the Badlands at will. That it is populated at all relies on two things: that the population can retreat to the sheltered valleys in the shadow of Karak Izor to wait out any invader, and that there's a certain kind of person that will accept living in even the smallest pond as long as they can be the biggest fish in it.

Your first stop, and the last bit of proper civilization you're likely to encounter in the coming journey, is Barak Varr. At first you begin to believe that it isn't a part of the Karaz Ankor network, but slightly east in its foothills, in a point your compass and map tells you is exactly southwest of Karaz-a-Karak, you find the deep, steady thrum of energy connecting Barak Varr to the rest of the Karaz Ankor.

A long slog through inexplicably populated wasteland later, you find yourself at the city-port known variably as Matorca or Matorea, depending on which local faction one is a part of, which manages to find some semblance of wealth on the back of salt deposits and a sheltered cove at the mouth of the Tana Dante River, at the other end of which one can find a mountain path leading to Karak Hirn. It even has something resembling prestige, as it is here that the imprisoned Tilean philosopher Imaschiavelli Venedetto wrote his seminal work on statecraft. The Border Prince, filled with frank advice on assassination, treachery, slander, and war, had its printings sell out in Tilea and banned in the Empire. And somewhere in the crumbling palace that the philosopher was imprisoned within can also be found a nexus. You consider and eventually decide against forcing your way through what passes for guards here to seek unneeded confirmation and instead follow the energy southwest.

You pass through Achaes, a town built on nothing in particular with its crude huts clustered around the base of the nexus like nervous chicks clinging to a mother hen, and onwards to Myrmidens, which is in something of a geopolitical grey area. Most maps agree that the line between Tilea and the Border Princes is the Wrecker's Run, but on the tip of the Black Peninsula one finds Myrmidens, a colony of Luccini and twin to Monte Castello on the other side of the Bay of Wrecks. Both were built on the ruins of ancient Elven citadels, and both, it seems, are home to a nexus.

Looking at your map once more, you're once more struck by the absence of any link between the Empire and the Border Princes. If Karak Hirn had a nexus in the same way Karak Norn did, then it could link Matorca to Bugman's Brewery. Or if Barak Varr was, then it could bridge Matorca and a nexus on the southern end of Black Fire Pass. And then there'd be one more link between east and west, one step further from the Empire being cut off from the Great Vortex. The Border Princes is, you reflect, about as far as you can get from Ulthuan without leaving the continent entirely, both directly and by sea. Perhaps it's simply a matter of the network not being complete before the Sundering caused Ulthuan to withdraw from the Old World for centuries, or before the War of Vengeance ended the alliance between Ulthuan and the Karaz Ankor for good.

Or perhaps the Karaz Ankor and the rest of the network weren't always so separate. All this time staring at maps has resulted in a fair few observations on your part. Praag, according to your map, is exactly west of Karak Vlag. The Gross Selon runestones, likewise, are exactly west of Karak Ungor. Mordheim is exactly west of Karak Kadrin. Eicheschatten is exactly northwest of Karak Varn. Matorca is exactly west of Barak Varr.

Perhaps the Karaz Ankor network was not built entirely separately. Perhaps it was once connected. That the Eonir noticed Karak Eight Peaks reconnecting would suggest that at least a ghost of a connection between the two still lingers. Perhaps it was severed long ago, perhaps out of spite, perhaps out of caution, and perhaps the Dwarves found that once the rubble had been cleared and the bodies buried from the Time of Woes, they no longer knew how to reconnect it.

You finish writing your encoded notes and share nothing of these suspicions with the others.


- An updated map of the Old World's Waystone nexuses based on Mathilde's current knowledge and speculations can be found here, courtesy of @ScarabShell 
  </body>
</html>