<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Four): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Four): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[X] Write-in: Focus on supply depots of all kind, military or civilian. Scourge entire areas of fuel and food and let them wither and descend into chaos for the Guard to mop up.<br/>
[X] Remain At Distance And Dispel<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">Cervantes was proving to be...an annoyance. Cyrus growled near silently as he watched a series of basilisk strikes blowing their way along the trench lines. The vox crackled quietly in his bionics as he tapped a finger against them, going on a secure company-wide band.<br/>
<br/>
"Scouts, pull back. There is no point in moving through the shadows if they are to be replaced with craters. Relocate back to secure position tertius-five. We will move on to secondary targets."<br/>
<br/>
The ground trembled, and Cyrus narrowed his eye at the sight of what was pouring out of the heavily disturbed earth. From more than that as well, from the xeno buildings which arched about in all directions, crisscrossing where the biomechanical connectors marked one another. The street was enough for a tank division to drive down, and from the smoke and blood thrown up by the artillery strikes came...exactly what he had suspected would be unleashed. Once enough pressure was put upon the Slaughra, it was inevitable that their masters would unleash themselves. Genestealers screeched as they emerged from the sewer systems like blood from a torn open vein. Bioplasma rockets out of a chitinous cannon wheeled forth, slaughtering a bevy of Guardsmen in one strike. From the buildings of the city around them came more of them, the Guardsmen moving through the buildings forced into immediate close-quarters fighting as the aliens emerged from the shadows. The screams of terror filled the air, and Cyrus watched as the Guardsmen were overwhelmed at their first line, then the second. A group of Leman Russ tanks fired, thundering into the fray, but they took casualties almost immediately. A particularly hulking genestealer leapt atop one, ripping open the top, and leapt within to slaughter the crew in fountains of blood.<br/>
<br/>
"Orders, Captain?"<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus turned to one of the scouts who had approached him before turning towards the enemy once again, a hand held out for silence.<br/>
<br/>
"Squads report on targets."<br/>
<br/>
The vox crackle was near inaudible from the sounds of furious battle as the Guard attempted to regroup against the genestealer horde which was likely erupting across the entire planet.<br/>
<br/>
"Supply Depot burned, no casualties," one scout sergeant returned first, the former 1st Company veteran toneless in his words.<br/>
<br/>
"Farmer fields scorched, no fatalities. Some scouts will need time healing, stealth was compromised by Guard assaults on nearby enemy defensive positions," came another's voice.<br/>
<br/>
"Promethium cache has been given over to Guard hands," a third sergeant replied, causing Cyrus' eye to twitch.<br/>
<br/>
"That was not your mission Tyrus," he grunted, "The fuel stores were to be destroyed."<br/>
<br/>
"I saw an opportunity and took it," the veteran's shrug could practically be heard. "Promethium is promethium, harvested by xeno hands or not. The Guard and Mechanicus we gave it over to were certainly grateful enough. The rest of the base is gone as well, detonation packs deployed successfully."<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus closed his eye and racked his brain on Scout Sergeant Tyrus, flicking through the hundreds who had passed beneath the banner of the 10th Company. Former 1st Company. Former 5th Company. Former...ah. Right. Former 4th Company. Part of Aramus' task force. One of those who did not feel the need to disappear on the Penitent Crusade, citing his lack of presence and input on any of the more controversial decisions made on the Force Commander's part. Dangerously uncaring for authority, yet undeniably effective. A tactical marine who carried a chainsword instead of the common knife, for one. Just one more signal of unorthodox behavior. And for all of this...loyal. Subject to multiple exhaustive tests by the few chaplains the Chapter possessed after the purge. Hmph.<br/>
<br/>
"If this brings harm to the chapter in any way...," he finally murmured.<br/>
<br/>
"Then I won't even see you coming," Tyrus acknowledged before flicking his vox connection off.<br/>
<br/>
"Other squads, report," Cyrus ground out. "The rest of you, with me. We're withdrawing from this fight, and deploying elsewhere."<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens slowly withdrew from the front, their missions accomplished. If the sudden desperation and hungry fury the enemy displayed was at least partially that fault, then so it was and would be. One would be hard tasked to ask the Blood Ravens if they cared for this at all. Even more so to find one to ask. Their presence was marked in the aftermath, in broken fields, shattered supply depots, stolen resources, and vaporized food storage.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Slaughra Swarm (Z04X)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Libarius Scrying And Planning: 21. Negligible Results.<br/>
World Deployment Selection: 1d5=5= 'Civilized' World Secundus Deployment.<br/>
Cervantes Obstruction Attempts: 62. Notable Success. Effects: 10th Company Effort Success Reduced In Potency!<br/>
10th Company Efforts: 80! Significant Success. Effects: Effective Efforts Against Swarm Military Targets!<br/>
WARNING: Slaughra Genestealer Cult Has Activated Tyranid Bioforms Out Of Desperation!<br/>
Conquest Progress:<br/>
Slaughra Capital World - 27% Imperial, 73% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Ice World - 35% Imperial, 65% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Desert World - 30% Imperial, 70% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Primaris - 45% Imperial, 55% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Secundus - 40% Imperial, 60% Slaughra<br/>
Z04X Space Control: Contested - Imperials Strongly Dominant, Z04X Swarm Naval Strength Exterminated, Z04Y Swarm Navy Surrounded And Brought Down In Attempt To Retreat To Home System</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<u><b>Decisions For 10th Company (Choose One):</b></u><br/>
[] Focus On Civilian Centers - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. But this is not a simple military crusade, it is a total reclamation of worlds that should be for humanity's purposes, not the alien. Once, ages ago, they were, and now, they will be again. Thus, genocide. The vast majority of the Swarm, like many species, are either not military or being conscripted. As time goes on, this will continue. The more conscripts there are, the harder the fight will be. It would be better to kill them before they are properly armed, and to hopefully also cause significant morale damage.<br/>
[] Focus On Military Targets - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. The Blood Ravens can aid in this, for there are few amongst any of those mighty forces who can manage the same stealth and capabilities of a properly trained and equipped scout. The more military positions, bases, supply dumps, barrier towers, shield towers, and more that are taken down, the faster the military will be destroyed, and thus, the faster the military can properly begin exterminating the civilian populace of the Slaughra.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">===============================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">It is the greatest gathering of the Librarians of the Blood Ravens since the purge. What a pitiful sight. Where once an entire squad of Epistolaries could have been formed aside from those dedicated to the companies, now there are but Lexicanum and Codiciers. Younger. Weaker. More prone to destruction and devastation. Even with Justinius standing in the center of them, his eyes blazing with power, the whole of his weighty power an anchor for the rest, it is a reduced gathering compared to what you know might once have existed. So many dead from Kyras' manipulations, assassinations, and in the end his blatant assault on their existence in the last days of the Purge. It will take so long to find those with sufficient strength and will to replace the lost, and even though you are no psyker you can tell that you will not even do so from amongst the ranks of those gathered here, not fully. Some, like Nero, stand above. Damion too, wielding the force staff granted to him by the Death Spectres, stands in his darkly colored armor, more ebony than red or blue.<br/>
<br/>
Out in the void, the world of the Slaughra rumbles beneath the attentions of the powers of the warp. The remains of their ships are broken and scattered, leaving your ships free to assume a defensive posture in preparation for this ritual. The <i>Omnis Arcanum </i>practically rumbles with the psychic power collected now, the <i>Litany of Fury</i> nearby. The <i>Sanctorium Arcanum</i> is still poorly understood by all despite all this time that has passed since it was crafted, but in this measure, it may provide some aid. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Ritual Beginnings: 92</b>​</div><b>Sorcerous Defenses: 74</b><br/>
<br/>
The black and blue clouds which span the planet-wide storm <i>roil</i> with the attentions of your librarians. Clouds boil as if they were blood, with thick cables of lightning bursting into being across the skeins of the atmosphere below. The towers which stretch out from below literally warp to the sensors, blowing out a half dozen struggling cogitators trying to make sense of the nature of the immaterium itself before being shut down by the techmarines. Silvery and liquid from one instant, mercurially solid and facet-less the next, the towers ripple.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ritual Progression: 77<br/>
Sorcerous Defenses: 95</b><br/>
<br/>
Backlash comes, as you knew it would. One of the lexicanum dies horrifically, his head caving inwards further and further in a swirling spiral loop of meat and bone along with his feet towards some unknowable center point. Out of necessity the gene-seed in his bodies is ripped out just before the rest of him is sucked into oblivion. It is a horrifying exchange of soul and body, but Justinius pushes on, marshalling the combined strength of the rest of the Librarius.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pushing Past: 39<br/>
Changed Rejection: 16</b><br/>
<br/>
And there is strength there, spent yet not drained fully. Nero roars with power, light far brighter than his bionic eyes could possibly emit naturally gleaming forth as he assaults the veil over the world fully. From the bridge, it is a silent contest of wills, one you can only see the results of, not the struggle itself. One of the towers below cracks, suddenly, and a small burst of actually comprehensible data flows through in return.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Warp Piercing: 12<br/>
Storm Of Tzeentch: 47</b><br/>
<br/>
Until the cracks refill, the data received becomes garbled once more, and a codicier dies screaming, his entire body burnt to a crisp before the gene-seed could be recovered. The dark flames disappear as soon as they arrived leaving only a small pile of ash behind.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Redirected Psychic Assault: 89<br/>
Tzeentch's Veil: 54</b><br/>
<br/>
Blood seeps out from the sockets of his bionic eyes, but Nero pushes through all the same. A sweeping burst of his psychic powers is joined by the greater rumbling storm of Justinius, and one of the towers cracks once more, nearly snapping in half. The non-euclidean physical state of the tower is unsustainable without a greater connection to the warp, one that the librarians are struggling to sever.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shatterpoint: 1<br/>
Bound In Crystalline Bone: 75</b><br/>
<br/>
There is a <i>surge</i> of power from the planet, one that even creates minor gravimetric anomalies amongst the fleet. Serfs screech as their minds are briefly tainted by the touch of the warp, and a full five lexicanum and another two codiciers are burnt out by the ritual outright nearly ending from a fracture in the immaterium. The denizens on the planet are now fully aware of what you are doing, there is little doubt. A cruiser-sized daemonship rips itself out of the clouds which bleed unborn starstuff from the wound ripped open in it which heals slowly, not-flesh knitting back together. It barely births itself before being shot down, but that it managed to push itself forth at all is disturbing in the extreme.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Vengeful Blood: 97<br/>
Warped Soulstorms: 27</b><br/>
<br/>
Deep within the Librarium, Justinius rises from where he had fallen to one knee. His hands stretch out, towards the planet, and the blood spilling from all rises up in the air. From ears, from noses, from eyes, the blood rises up, drawn from the Librarians of every rank to form between his fingers into a steadily growing globe. It roils in his fingers, dancing across the armor, until the ash of the burnt out codicier joins it, the few scraps of armor from the Lexicani lost as well.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Knowledge. Is. Power: 98<br/>
Barring The Stormgate: 33</b><br/>
<br/>
A raven forms, of ash and blood, betwixt the fingers of the Chief Librarian. Student of Jonah Orion, who bore the brunt of the Hive Mind's attentions and yet lived. A legacy writ in sacrifice and near-destruction. Knowledge peeled from texts and tomes of terrible power, the collected knowledge of the Blood Ravens for millennia such that even Inquisitors would balk at what was kept preserved rather than destroyed. A darker ritual, one that some Chapters would never consider, enacted in the blink of an eye to the next beat of a raging heart at those lost already. The red center, the compressed blood of so many Librarians alive and dead, pulses with eldritch power. Below, a tower cracks, breaks, shatters, sending crystalline shards the size of baneblades falling to the planet below. Some dissipate entirely back into the warp, the psychically conductive materials unsustainable without their connection to the warp. Cloudflesh is ripped open, a caesarean unfurling of the veil.<br/>
<br/>
The world below has been wracked by the presence of a planet-spanning storm for so long that you personally have doubts about the ability of the Imperium to actually hold it in the longer term. More likely it will be forced to be some sort of penal colony of some sort, given the blasted wasteland that is the surface. As the tower collapses entirely, the greater lattice is abruptly strained, weakening the overall storm itself, while allowing the hole you've torn open to be widened ever so slightly. Roving bands of mutated Slaughra, the most heavily mutated out of all seen thus far, squeal at the sudden touch of light from their sun, where previously the only light was that of the warp, of lightning strikes, and whatever bio-luminescent technologies they could keep working. The base of the tower appeared to be a small temple-city, of all things, likely built and given upkeep by continual worship and sacrifices by the slaughra to maintain it and allow whatever unknowable things that the Dark Gods might wish to happen to occur hidden from the gaze of the rest of the galaxy. No longer. As the tower collapses, broken by psychic strength, shards that do not dematerialize collapse downwards, a meteor shower of their own creation.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Ritual Results:</u><br/>
<b>-6 Lexicanum, -3 Codiciers<br/>
+16 Gene-Seed Recovered<br/>
Swarmworld Theta Veil Broken! Hole In Sorcerous Lattice Opened!</b><br/>
<br/>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Confirmed Naval Presences In System said:" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Confirmed Naval Presences In System said: said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b>Imperial Navy Losses In System</b><br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruiser<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x2 Firestorm, x1 Cobra, x2 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blood Raven Losses In System</b><br/>
x2 Gladius Frigates (4th Company)<br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Great Father's Fist</i><br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Omnis Arcanum</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Kappa</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Admiral Graves)<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
15 Escort Squadrons (x11 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
10 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Theta</b><br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleets (Blood Ravens)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Nu</b><br/>
1 Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
3 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons  (x3 Firestorm, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Sigma</b><br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
9 Escort Squadrons (x5 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonworld/Capital</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Batteship-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
2 Beast of Tzeentch (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
2 Swarmships (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
4 Daemonships (Cruiser-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
5 Beasts of Tzeentch (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
15 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Undivided-leaning)
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote><div style="text-align: center"><b>Set Plans For For Stage Three Of Engagement:</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left">[] Land And Fortify: The world is meant to be <i>secured</i> after all, and while the orbit can be held, now, troops on the ground are needed to fully claim things. By taking this first landing site and fortifying it, you will possess a beachhead from which to do a number of things, from sending out strike parties against the roving mutant bands, fire artillery at the base of towers nearby without risking more Librarians, or simply provide a focal point to exhaust enemy strength upon. Or perhaps to scout major features of the planet, plant orbital beacons to fire upon through the clouds, etc. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Remain At Distance And Dispel: The proof is before you. It <i>can</i> be done. With each tower brought down, the collective power of the storm of Theta is stripped away. Formerly greater than the sum of its parts, now that same nature can be turned against it. The strain will build upon the rest of the lattice with every tower shattered, each weakened further in magnitude for each that falls. It will cost the Librarians, you know this, but that is the calculus of war. Risk a handful of psykers against more than a hundred battle brothers, with a Chapter not even at half strength.​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>