<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Eight)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Eight)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Rush Mortirex: He has taken the command center. He is not moving, according to Justinius. The command center could be used to shut down the shields, instantly, across the entire station. Or perhaps even move the shipyard back up slightly, enough to give the fleet time to pull back. Kill him, something that Justinus stresses would be good sooner rather than later, given how the Chaos Lord seems to be feeding upon the fighting.<br/>
<br/>
<i>GM NOTE: 12 Hour Moratorium</i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b><br/>​</div>Mind racing, Tarkus looked upon the Blood Ravens around him. Their armor was pitted and chipped in many places. The foes they fought were not to be discounted simply because they were not chaos space marines. The gene-hounds were the size and strength of ogryn, but with gruesomely implanted cybernetics enhancing their minds. The skitarii of the Dark Mechanicus wielded an assortment of powerful weaponry, things capable of punching through the adamantium of their armor, not just the ceramite coating. Yet, in this moment, the marines of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> and 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company – his Company – were holding them off. Some stood behind hastily made barricades, others stood out in the open as they fired their bolters. Nearby, the Librarians had gathered in a small group of considerable psychic power. It surrounded them, emanated from them, like the mists of a Calderis morning after a rare rain. Justinius Probalis, student of Jonah Orion, now Chief Librarian, looked upon him steadily. There was no need to be able to read minds, not in this moment.<br/>
<br/>
They did not have the plans for the entire station, deep penetrating scans had been focused upon the docking clamps and subsystem consoles. The internal architecture was largely unknown for them, save for the paths they had carved or melted through to advance. But one place on the station was unmistakable. The tech-priests could track the bevy of scrap-code and directives commanding the machine spirits of the blighted shipyard to a nexus point of command-grade cogitators. Below, the planet approached. Above, the ships receded, save for the strike cruisers, for Admiral Graves was no fool. He had informed Tarkus tersely of what would be done, and Tarkus had agreed. Better to risk only them, than the rest of the ships. There were wholly unknown defenses in any direction, as well as force concentrations. Point defenses were guarding the hangars. Exact void shield generator locations were well-disguised through the ship’s systems, and the tech-priests simply did not have enough time.<br/>
<br/>
Time, in the end, was what it all came down to.<br/>
<br/>
“Blood Ravens!” Tarkus called out on the command vox, his grimace deep and his eyes narrowed. “We move on the command center as one! One way or another, this battle ends here, and now! May None Find Us Wanting!”<br/>
<br/>
“MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advancing: 78 vs. 54</b><br/>
<br/>
Pivoting near-seamlessly, more than a hundred loyal space marines turned and charged forward. Tunnels and corridors leading elsewhere, points of defense only seconds previous, were collapsed as melta bombs and grenades flew. In some cases, the tech-priests triggered total lockdown procedures, shutting bulkheads and security shields to block off outraged skitarii and screaming cultists. In a few others, the terminators utilized their power fists to wrench, tear, and pull blockades into place. At the forefront, Tarkus led the charge, firing his bolter one-handed and cutting and cleaving with his combat knife in the other. He was joined by the Chief Librarian, by all the Librarians in fact, who became a driving spear-tip that tore through the enemy defenses as they went. There was no time to carefully marshal, to do anything less than to rush forwards with steely determination and faith in themselves. Numbers designating different sections of the station flashed briefly in the mind as they thundered past, only glances being offered before eyes refocused upon the enemy pouring in from all directions.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>BLOOOOOOOOOD RAAAAAAAAAVEEEEEENSSSS!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Their movements were unmistakable to any who had access to either the reports of the troops trying to slow them or the internal auspex sensors of the shipyard such as was possible in the shipyard’s command center.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You surprise me, Blood Ravens! Perhaps there is a modicum, a mote of dust, a speck of <i>something</i> that might be considered courage in your worthless hearts! Then come! Come to me! Face the gauntlet, and those of you that survive shall have the honor of feeling my axe!”</b><br/>
<br/>
The shipyard rattled again, a quake covering its entire superstructure as it continued its unexpected descent, sending more than a few less steadied cultists to the ground to be trampled by their brethren.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“I have told the Fabricator-General that I shall reverse the shipyard’s descent if you are all dead,</b>” he continued, guttural growl turning almost whimsical before returning to the customary roaring shout. <b>“So fight! FIGHT! KILL! MAIM! BURN! Or all shall be LOST, you mewling babes! Soar! Soar like the birds you style yourselves after! HAHahahahaHA</b>!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advancing: 24 vs. 69</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus did not respond. Nor did any of the other Blood Ravens. Even as gene-hounds began to appear in greater and greater number, with the first few chaos space marines interspersed amongst them. Even as some of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company were thrown from their feet by sonic mines, set aflame with incendiary grenades, or bled heavily as power weapons were utilized against them. Missile launchers began to fire, gene-hounds pushed past fatal wounds to strike blows against the Blood Ravens, and yet more skitarii and cultists began to appear from behind having found alternate routes. Plasma guns and emplaced weapons took their toll, even against the renowned armor of the Adeptus Astartes. A howling Khornate Berserker appeared, cutting their way through a handful of cultists and shoving aside a gene-hound, all so that they could slam a chainaxe into a Blood Raven of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company’s chest, tearing in deeply and riding them to the ground even as they were shot dead. The momentum of the column had two other Blood Ravens grabbing their gasping brother by the arms and dragging them upright once more, then helping carry them forward.<br/>
<br/>
It was, in the end, Epistolary Lucan who helped keep any from outright dying. With the rest of the Librarians focused on blasting a path forward quickly enough for them all to hopefully somehow avert doom and destruction, they found their abilities strained to do even that much. It was they, who concentrated will and knowledge of esoteric lore, who helped preserve many from death. Flesh and bone warped and regrew, blood ceased to gush, and life sparked anew in those who had just fallen off the knife’s edge. In some instances, the Chief Librarian would summon forth psychic barriers so powerful they were opaque to all senses and sensors while Lucan healed barely conscious brothers to the point they could fight once more. In others, Lucan would clench his fist, and temporarily granting the terminator-clad marines of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company speeds more akin to assault marines with redlined jump packs so that Apothecary Medici could gather a severed limb so that Lucan could reknit the nerves, bone, and musculature without worry or distraction.<br/>
<br/>
All so that the advance could remain at the highest possible pace without slowing down, fighting and killing their way through the shipyard. It was not an elegant advance, not something carefully planned and executed as was the usual desire for adherents to the Chapter’s tactics. It was a bloody and tightly clenched fist, grinding forward relentlessly no matter the damage it took itself. The enemy did not relent, even for a second. The few chaos space marines that appeared were more than their past brethren. These fired, shot, ambushed, and melted backwards the moment the concentration of fire levied at them was too great to survive, scoring numerous hits that sent many marines of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to the ground only to be hefted upright again with the aid of the Librarians. One, Brother Marius, lost his left arm entirely, the plasma gun having successfully vaporized his flesh so completely there was nothing to reattach, and certainly not enough time to try and regrow entirely no matter the skills of the Epistolaries. Not when others, like Brother Baptiste had only a few seconds before his decapitated head could be reattached with frantic effort on Epistolary Lucan’s part or else die outright from sheer massive trauma.<br/>
<br/>
“We should have studied biomancy more,” Lucan said through gritted teeth, “A lot more!”<br/>
<br/>
“Lucan,” Idmon called out as he blocked a burst from a heavy flamer wielded by a combat servitor with a shield of metal and stone. “Hurry up!”<br/>
<br/>
“If I don’t reconnect the nervous system correctly, he’ll be naught but a quadriplegic!” Lucan grunted as dragged the unmoving body of Baptiste in one arm, the other tightly wrapped around the throat.<br/>
<br/>
The young Blood Raven’s eyes danced about wildly in his eye sockets, tongue lolling and jaw twitching madly. Veins had been mostly reconnected in the first seconds, ensuring a circulation of blood and oxygen to the brain, but forcing the Larraman’s Organ from trying to scab and block off the neck and throat was a constant issue. Lucan’s own psychic shielding had winked out entirely as he focused all his effort on preserving not just the marine’s life but combat capabilities. Standing next to him, Idmon was creating not just a barrier to keep the three of them safe, but several other more wounded brothers at the same time. The effort of doing so had already caused burst blood vessels in both eyes, giving him a particularly disturbing, red-eyed look.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, the thin tendrils of nerves, the last veins, the spinal connections, all of it was slotted into place, the organic matter regenerated with extreme care to not cause major scarring or aberration. The effect was instant, as Brother Baptiste's legs suddenly moved, the marine’s body upright on his own power once more. Still, the Meridian-born marine’s eyes remained wide, his grip on the bolter that was shoved back into his hands loose, shoving and jostled on all sides. Instantly, Lucan’s hand on his throat left it and the Epistolary was gone to the next falling marine, grabbing them by the shoulder to keep them from collapsing entirely and picking their leg up from the ground from where it had been blown off. Idmon shoved Brother Baptiste on the shoulder, causing those too-wide eyes to finally refocus on him.<br/>
<br/>
“Get it together, Blood Raven! Fight isn’t over!” The Librarian shouted over the din before moving on.<br/>
<br/>
Still twitching, and quite slowly – for a marine – Brother Baptist raised his bolter and put a few rounds into a drooling gene-hound.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advancing: 38 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
The command center itself sat deep within the shipyard, itself a large compound built in eerie mirror to such locations within regular Imperium shipyards. A tiered series of platforms forming a low sloped pyramid of cogitators and consoles meant to coordinate the entire station’s work, itself at the basin of a lowering series of tiers for secondary and tertiary work-related cogitators, data storage, and processing. It was a vast amphitheater which, when operating normally, had dozens of heretek techpriests, hundreds of lesser acolytes, and thousands of servitors stationed across is length and up its height. At the very top was a series of intensely powerful cogitators, each bearing command-permissions capable of overriding anything and anyone else in the entire station, as befitting the treacherous nature of the Dark Mechancius. The Magos not only desired, but required, the ability to retain control against any would-be rivals. Even if the rest of the pyramid was damaged or destroyed, deep-set subsystems and backup arrays buried within its peak would ensure control and dominance. A control point that remained, as best as could be told, yet untouched and functioning if not receiving any inputs at the moment.<br/>
<br/>
All of this, the tech-priests were able to relay as they regularly but carefully dipped into the tainted Noosphere of the shipyard, hacking and scanning in bite sized excursions lest they taint their souls. What they had not been able to tell, however, was the current condition of the command center. They were deliberately blocked on such matters, only able to scan, to taste, the echoes of reports and pulses of energy long past hidden away in regulatory reports – for even maddened hereteks required some measure of statistical control and command if only to maintain their creations. Soon enough, Tarkus had to command them to stop, for there was little point. They were already discovering the defenses present – blocked off passages, hastily but dangerously well-placed minefields, even ambushes of chaos space marine squads that would let off devastating salvoes of bolters and plasma guns before disappearing again in retreat to better positions.<br/>
<br/>
But then they reached the amphitheater, and though Tarkus did not falter, his steps did momentarily slow as he worked through the implications of what he saw.<br/>
<br/>
Here, the Black Legion had entrenched itself, and with startling speed and thoroughness. Havoc squads, the twisted peers to devastator squads, let loose with heavy bolters and lascannons the moment the first Blood Ravens came into proper range from behind heavy fortifications made of scrap metal and blocks of materials meant for construction elsewhere. Black Legion marines at higher positions wielding combi-bolters and a large assortment of tactical weaponry fired as well, sending screaming missiles leaving multi-colored trails behind them forward behind superheated spheres of plasma. Some even wielded stalker bolters, nearly taking the head from a few Blood Ravens and instead simply heavily damaging helmets. Others sat behind autocannons that let loose measured destruction without being utterly wild and inaccurate. Tarkus could hear the distinct sound of vengeance and kraken rounds being fired. There were gene-hounds milling about below at the foot of the pyramid, all of them turning and sprinting upwards, howling with weapons held high, the moment the Blood Ravens arrived. They were joined, here and there, by screaming berserkers in blood red armor. Interspersed amongst them, and amongst the pyramid, were cultist troopers. These were dressed not as the wild-eyed and haphazardly equipped troopers of the past that Tarkus had previously fought here. These shifted as squads, as platoons, bringing heavy weapons forward or letting loose with a few volleys from their lasguns, and did not come charging out from behind cover. Others were still arriving, alongside skitarii and combat servitors controlled and commanded by seething hereteks, through other passages than the one that the Blood Ravens had taken for themselves.<br/>
<br/>
Above them all, looming like a god from atop his mountain, Mortirex waited. Not within the bank of hardened cogitators and consoles, but rather several feet down from it. Because of course, a challenge had no worth if it could not be won. A trap could not be prepared without the right bait. Mortirex knew that, for all his supreme confidence. After all, assuming that he was victorious, being able to reverse the shipyard’s descent would be something to keep in mind. So, there he stood, displaying, guarding even, the prize that was so desperately required. Close enough that any stray shot might have ruined everything, that any explosive thrown or missile shot might spell doom rather than victory.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>I was wondering if you would ever arrive, Blood Ravens!”</b> Mortirex guffawed, even as the first salvoes sent the Blood Ravens back with concussive force alone. <b>“Look at yourselves! Ragged little motes of scorched flesh and broken bone!” </b>He splayed his arms wide, for all that many of the Blood Ravens had to fall back into cover to avoid simply being torn apart by the weight and diversity of enemy fire. “<b>Come, try to avenge that pathetic waste of metal that was your Chapter Master! Try to stop the sky from falling! HAHAHAHAHAH!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus looked upon it all, heard the storm of fury and hatred levied upon him, and blinked – once.<br/>
<br/>
Ahead, a minimum of three hundred marines of the Black Legion, behind entrenched defenses. The heraldry alone was similar but not wholly congruent with previous Black Legion marines that had been fought thus far, whorls and knots carved with unique sigils in their armor. Only some were of the previous two groups, bearing iconography that seemed most fitting for the compliments of the strike cruiser crews. These, then, must have been those upon the <i>Ruination of Purity </i>proper. They may have been veterans, elites, or at the very least more favored than those set forth in the initial boarding parties. There were also numerous cultist squads with an assortment of heavy weaponry. Gene-hounds charging, with berserker marines and frothing cultists amongst them. The command center was too large for them to have feasibly blocked off its various other passageways, and thus the enemy was receiving reinforcements constantly.<br/>
<br/>
Behind, he had just over a hundred Blood Ravens. Many of the Librarians were already exhausted, pushing themselves to the limit and beyond to make up for the disparity in numbers between traitors, hereteks, and loyalists. Less than a tenth of them were without wounds or armor damage of some sort. More than half were at minimum moderately wounded. Greaves, gauntlets, pauldrons, breastplates, all of these and more were cracked, torn, ripped, or blown apart or open entirely. Reddened and blackened skin was visible on many, while others had fully exposed musculature from tears and explosions. A fourth were outright limping, and at least a dozen were being supported by their brothers to even stand, let alone walk. Others no longer had helmets, having been forced to tear them off or otherwise have them pried off after taking too much damage that they became more liability than protection. They were running low on grenades, on melta bombs, on explosives in general.<br/>
<br/>
Then Tarkus opened his eyes again, less than a second having passed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advance: 61 vs. 40</b><br/>
<br/>
“WITH ME BROTHERS, ADVANCE!” He shouted as he leapt from cover and did just that.<br/>
<br/>
“MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!” Came the ragged call as others followed.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus shouted with them, slamming his knife into a charging gene-hound’s eye socket and ducking to help roll it up and over him to land with a sickening thud behind him. That was not, of course, enough to kill a gene-hound, as the Blood Ravens had rapidly discovered. As such, the terminators behind Tarkus saw to finishing the kill. Sergeant Minos slammed his thunder hammer down atop the gene-hound’s skull and then liberally stepped upon the corpse so that the sheer weight of his armor and equipment bore him down through its body as Minos followed with the rest of the assault terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. Behind them came the other ten terminators, firing with their storm bolters, assault cannons, and heavy flamers. Sergeant Strohmahn liberally utilized his few remaining cyclone missiles to land amongst the defensive emplacements of the enemy marines. The tide of Blood Ravens was such that the gene-hounds, for all their cybernetically improved and genetically enhanced frames, were torn apart by sheer weight of bolter fire. The berserkers fared slightly better, at least until the assault terminators reached them. In a single mass, squads only just beginning to split apart to reduce the ability of the enemy to simply levy explosives upon them with total ease, the loyalists carved a swift path to the bottom of the command center and looked up at their traitorous counterparts with weary determination.<br/>
<br/>
The Black Legion gazed back down upon them with hate and dark joy in their baleful hearts.<br/>
<br/>
There had not been a single second of paused fire, even when the Blood Ravens had been fighting their way past the gene-hounds, berserkers, and most insane cultists. There was not now. There would not be as Tarkus took the first step upwards, reloading his bolter despite a scattershot of kraken rounds slamming into a hastily ducked shoulder. Deathdealer racked easily despite the blood coating it. Around him, others reloaded their weaponry as best as they could under fire, some succeeding, some not before it was time for the charge to continue. The moment they lost momentum, Tarkus knew, they were well and truly doomed. They could not stop. They could not afford to cease for anyone, or anything. At this point, even those who were wounded and those who fell would have to be left behind.<br/>
<br/>
“DRIVE FORWARD!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advance: 49 vs. 10</b><br/>
<br/>
Bolters, heavy bolters, combi-bolters, storm bolters. Plasma pistols, plasma guns, plasma cannons. Autocannons. Lascannons. Hotshot lasguns. Multi-las cannons. Missile launchers firing frag and krak missiles. All of this and more fell upon the Blood Ravens, a hailstorm of death and destruction fit to tear whole armies asunder. It had done so before, on a hundred and more worlds elsewhere throughout the galaxy in both realspace and in the Immaterium. And to be sure, many Blood Ravens were thrown from their feet, and many were slow to rise. Yet to the surprise of more than a few of the chaos space marines upon the tiers, they rose all the same. But it was the one at the head that caught their attention most.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus did not fall.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus did not falter.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus Varianus, Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, weathered the storm and advanced, firing his bolter all the while. Behind him, the terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company similarly marched forward resolutely, trusting in their wargear, firing all the while at all possible targets of highest priority. The Librarians came next, enormous half-sphere shields of energy or solid matter warping into existence to block salvoes from particularly dangerous weaponry, and though blood began to spurt out of Epistolary Idmon’s ears and nose, even the incandescent spheres of plasma cannons would erupt without harming his brothers. Columns of psychic flames so hot as to be pure white fell upon distant havoc squads, conjured forth by the Chief Librarian just as they prepared to let loose with missile and heavy bolter alike. It burned them to organic slag within the somewhat melted remains of their armor. Codicier Aeneas disappeared altogether, or at least to the eyes who could not perceive the disturbing clear and colorless wake he cut through the Warp, the only signs of his passage to most being the bodies of the slain falling to the ground.<br/>
<br/>
It was in this way that the first three tiers, of the nine, were passed.<br/>
<br/>
It was far enough.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus was emptying his current magazine into the head of a chaos space marine when he felt it. His head snapped up, his eyes tracking Mortirex as the Chaos Lord almost languidly descended from where he had previously stood immobile. The world seemed to slow, the battlefield growing almost curiously silent as Mortirex stomped his way down. The twin burning spheres of flame which had long ago replaced the traitor’s eyes burned brightly, leaving fiery trails of smoke and light as he passed downwards. The wounds that he had sustained on the <i>Litany of Fury</i> had completely healed, his armor itself showing no sign of damage whatsoever, even the broken horns on the side of his head regrowing fully and prominently. Mortirex stared at Tarkus, and though his helm concealed his face, or perhaps had long ago replaced it, it felt as if he was smirking.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Glorious bloodshed, Blood Ravens! Truly, I had thought you to shake in your boots and flee like the cowardly dogs you are, barking and yipping for succor at the Corpse-Emperor’s feet after facing <i>true</i> space marines!”</b> He boomed, waving his axe in the air and letting a trio of warp energy beams to go slicing across the ground in front of Tarkus, cutting through the deckplates and leaving a chain reaction of explosions behind. <b>“Worthless wastes of flesh that you are, you may take heart in the fact that all souls might burn in the furnaces of war, even your pathetic match-lights, unfit as they are to even bring comfort to a <i>child</i> in the night!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus grunted, sighted, and began firing. He was joined in this by a great many other Blood Ravens, for if they failed to do anything else, they could at least attempt to bring the Chaos Lord down.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advance: 27 vs. 93</b><br/>
<br/>
This time, however, was different. Mortirex had been caught by surprise beforehand, but this time he could not fail to have seen it coming. He thrust his axe forward in front of him, and his considerable nimbus of warp energies swirled about and coalesced into a semi-opalescent shield even as the traitor continued to descend the tiers. The fighting across the rest of the tiers was faring little better. More hereteks and skitarii had arrived from behind where the Blood Ravens had first appeared, others appearing from further side passages, and thus the loyalists were fully surrounded. As the Blood Ravens had advanced up the tiers, they were forced to spread out and try to defeat all on each tier at a time, lest they be attacked and flanked at close range. Some traitors, unfortunately, had been able to play dead amidst the carnage, only rising now and letting loose once more from amongst their fellow dead. It was too much, even for the Librarians and their barriers, their reknitting of flesh and bone.<br/>
<br/>
Now, Blood Ravens fell that would not be rising again.<br/>
<br/>
Throughout all of this, Tarkus had kept up his firing, switching targets to more vulnerable foes when it became apparent that the shield that Mortirex was producing was inviolate to mere bolter rounds. Others were slower on the uptake, but not by too much. As Mortirex continued forward, the chaos space marines around him that were not so protected were cut down, blown apart, or simply shot through with enough holes that they were forced off the mortal coil. But for all of that, the aura around Mortirex only seemed to grow in strength, regardless of whether it was marines of the Black Legion or of the Blood Ravens that were felled. Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis lifted his head, eyes filled with light and lightning, and pointed at him.<br/>
<br/>
“Go!” Justinius roared, and the weight of the Librarius of the Blood Ravens turned as one and concentrated their might together, weaving their wills into a single joined weight, a single psychic spear.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advance: 30 vs. 85<br/>
Assault:</b> <b>62 vs. 31</b><br/>
<br/>
All save one.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================================​</div><br/>
The Warp was screaming. The death of so many, some of them veterans of thousands of years, all within a place of Dark Mechanicus artifice? How could it not draw in the hungry? Many souls, Aeneas saw, were being torn apart by amorphous beings who were as much teeth and hunger as they were anything else, feasting endlessly upon the slain cultists in their hundreds. The gene-hounds, curiously, left nothing at all behind, as hollow in death as they had been in life. Some of the living had greater attentions than others, coronas of energy surrounding them as they fought, as they killed, as they died. Champions, those rising in favor. None, however, were as bright, as searing to eye and soul alike, as Mortirex. Where some of the Black Legion, and surprisingly some of the cultists, were clouds of dark energy, of sibilant whispers that swathed their souls and darkened them further, the Chaos Lord was an outright hurricane in the Warp. It was so encompassing that it was like looking into an auspex reading’s representation of a black hole devouring a nebula.<br/>
<br/>
But Aeneas wielded the crystallized light of a star in his hands.<br/>
<br/>
He thrust forwards, and to his absolute shock, Mortirex turned. It was meant to be impossible. Nothing had ever reacted so quickly, not even other chaos space marines. Yet it was happening nonetheless. Mortirex spun so quickly that the deck plating which had already become semi-molten beneath his feet and the infernal heat that his body exuded was torn and shredded. His shield winked out as he brought his axe to bear, itself another terrifying amalgamation of metal and daemons fused and formed and outright forced into shape. The <i>Blade of the Martyr</i>’s thrust of blazing golden light was turned aside, transforming what should have been a sure strike to the heart into a deeply gouging blow that skated away along the torso and out into open air once more.<br/>
<br/>
It was all Aeneas could do to dodge forwards with the force exerted upon him to avoid a killing blow, sinking through the floor himself before he could stop it, the laws of reality gone missing altogether before Mortirex’s warp presence. Shadows of physical matter that should have provided solid enough bases to temporarily walk upon became murky liquid that had no grip, no purchase, nothing.<br/>
<br/>
He screamed as he was swallowed by rock and metal, to the gales of laughter of the daemons.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================​</div><br/>
Tarkus watched as the shield winked out, aim twitching immediately back over to Mortirex as the Chaos Lord spun about and swung at nothing. In the faintest and quickest millisecond, Tarkus swore he saw a faint golden light briefly flash in and then out of existence. A cleaving blade of warp energies erupted out of Mortirex’s axe as he swung it, the blade cleaving and extending on for quite a distance, cutting apart several chaos space marines and several cultists as it went. The line of explosions that followed the temporarily splitting of reality followed after, causing even more damage. At that point, the psychic spear that had formed in the air thrust forward, striking Mortirex directly through the back and out of his chest before exploding like shattering ice, sending shards of psychic energies flying everywhere – including the Chaos Lord’s innards.<br/>
<br/>
Mortirex let loose a howl of genuine pain, body stiffening momentarily from the pain, and as the remnants of the energies faded it revealed a gaping hole that had been torn through his chest the size of a terminator’s boot. That small handful of seconds after the shield had faded so he could strike at whatever it had been that he had perceived proved a boon to the Blood Ravens. Even as they were shot themselves, they let loose upon his back. Plasma guns and assault cannons pounded into his back, forcing him forward with a grunt of surprise from the kinetic force behind them, while a small number of marines threw their very last grenades to his feet, though they failed to knock him down outright. Such shots were taken with the full knowledge that it would cost them as other chaos space marines shot at them with their own bolters. A cultist trooper reached up and swung an autocannon about and fired upon the Blood Ravens contributing to that fusillade, blowing holes in armor and sending many bouncing along the ground bleeding heavily. Only some managed to rise.<br/>
<br/>
The reward for such effort, for such blows struck, was a howl that turned into gales of laughter as Mortirex turned around, patting the hole in his chest absentmindedly, for there flesh and adamantium were already beginning to wriggle, to twist, and to regenerate together.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Good…,”</b> Mortirex growled, raising his axe high. <b>“GOOD!”</b><br/>
<br/>
He rushed forward and leapt, his nimbus of power making him appear as if a comet that spelled only death as he fell the last two tiers to reach the Blood Ravens properly.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fighting: 19 vs. 37<br/>
Through The Warp: 84</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus did not retreat.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus did not falter.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus was struck low. His bionic arm was sliced off as he raised it to defend himself, and the subsequent explosions that rippled in the wake of Mortirex’s axe sent him flying down to the bottom tier, bouncing and crashing through consoles and cogitator banks for more than forty feet while covered in daemonic flame that clung to him and continued to burn. Sergeant Minos, of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, advanced with the rest of his terminator brethren. Thunder hammer swung out, and were rebuffed. Storm shields were shattered, and the bodies beneath them struck. Veterans of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company all, their venerable terminator plate proved to not be inviolable against the daemonic axe that was wielded by their foe. Others, the closet, attempted to intervene, screaming, shooting, and these Mortirex tossed aside with one hand while his axe flashed back and forth. Some were crushed underfoot, others were simply thrown with daemonic strength amongst chaos space marines who had followed in their masters wake, one dazed Blood Raven amongst mobs of enemies with only a combat knife and bolter to defend themselves with. These unfortunates did not last long, most not even able to get to their knees, let alone their feet, before they were shot or cut apart.<br/>
<br/>
Throughout it all, Mortirex laughed as he killed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fighting: 66 vs. 6<br/>
Through The Warp: 76</b><br/>
<br/>
“MORTIREX!”<br/>
<br/>
Justinius stood firm, psychic energies pouring off of him, lighting and curls of white flame briefly appearing around him at random. The <i>Talonstaff of Jonah</i> was held in both hands before him.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Mmm</b>?”<br/>
<br/>
The Chaos Lord turned and stepped over the twitching body of one of the terminators, igniting their body in hellish flames in the same motion. The hole in his chest, both flesh and armor, had nearly fully regenerated.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Ah…the Librarians. Paltry conjurers of cheap tricks, lobotomized trifling babes pretending at being scholars of power,”</b> Mortirex snorted as he nevertheless swept towards them as a blurring mountain of adamantine and muscle.<br/>
<br/>
It was then that Justinius struck from behind, and the image before Mortirex faded away. The Chief Librarian thrust the bottom of his force staff directly into the closing hole bored through Mortirex’s torso, and summoned forth flames, lightning, tearing razor winds, and pure shredding spinning force. It was the effects of a vortex grenade concentrated and brought ever so briefly into existence by sheer will and esoteric knowledge. On the other end of the hole, a multicolored light bloomed briefly into existence, lit from within. Mortirex screamed in pain, his innards wracked by the forces being unleashed. White silvery fire belched out of the exit wound on his chest, scattering outwards before clinging tightly to his frame. Mortirex snarled before reversing the grip on his axe in a spin of his wrest and slammed the blade down through Justinius’ left leg, cutting off the continually channeled psychic blast as well as the limb. He lumbered forward before turning about and raised his axe high in both arms, all three bloodshot eyes glowing brightly before beams of warp energy shot downwards. A cry of defiance came from Epistolary Idmon, who thrust his arms out and summoned forth yet another barrier, only to find the wall of metal cracking and shattering as blood spurted from his eyes and mouth. It held long enough for Justinius to roll out of the way of the third beam, at the very least, yet Idmon’s effort cost others elsewhere, some of the Lexicani proving to be unable to bear the strain that he had shouldered alone and faltering long enough for the enemy to close with them.<br/>
<br/>
Then a thunder hammer struck Mortirex in the side of the head, forcing his head so sharply to the side that bone creaked and flesh cratered, smashing aside the left half of his helmet entirely as well as the horns there. Against most, it would have been a near fatal blow, if not fully fatal outright. Mortirex merely turned, the fires that filled his eye sockets burning brighter in fury. Helmet half stripped away like this, some of his malformed flesh beneath was revealed, if only to show that it had long since become a solid mass bonded with the armor. Indeed, Mortirex bore no nose, no mouth, only a craggy and scarred expanse of steadily reddening skin and exposed flesh. He glared at Sergeant Minos, who had once again dragged himself to his feet despite his own grievous wounds. No other assault terminators stood with him, for none were left alive to fight.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Bloooooooood Raaaaaaveeeeeeens…</b>,” Mortirex growled, his voice emanating into the air from his mouthless face.<br/>
<br/>
It was hard to tell, but there might have been a twitching of mutated skin, of inhuman bone, that <i>might</i> have been suggestive of a smile.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You <i>are</i> worth killing</b>!” He roared with glee, bowling over Sergeant Minos as he rushed him with a single kick to the midsection.<br/>
<br/>
Just after he cut the last assault terminator in two, however, five krak missiles struck him in the side while three assault cannons fired squarely at him from another direction. Justinius let loose with another blast of pure flame and lightning as Epistolary Lucan tried to weave his seared shut wound back with his leg at his side. To see Mortirex in that moment was to view a goliath set alight from head to toe, one that laughed even as he fought on. To Justinius, to the Chief Librarian, however, it was something else all-together. He watched the Warp as it boiled over, funneling more and more into the only semi-mortal frame that was Mortirex. The Chaos Lord was growing in power for all that he was being hurt, being damaged, for the Blood Ravens were dying around him too.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fighting: 97 vs. 44<br/>
Through The Warp: 70</b><br/>
<br/>
Then the station shuddered, shook, and several of the red emergency lights flicked off. The distant yet growing tug of gravity beyond that of the shipyard’s own suddenly eased. In the far distance, tremendous machines began to chug, to burn, that had previously been turned off. More important than that, however, was something that none but the tech-priests and hereteks could discern had occurred. Several bulkheads and security gates also slammed down, blocking off the incoming reinforcements from all directions, isolating the command center outright using programs prepared decades ago for locking down against attempted rebellions.<br/>
<br/>
The battle within did not cease entirely, but the tempo was heavily throttled as many craned their necks.<br/>
<br/>
Silently, still aflame with fires psychic and mundane, Mortirex, and indeed a great many others, paused to look up at the top of the pyramid.<br/>
<br/>
There, armor still white hot from some insane heat with portions partially melted into his body, missing half of his face to grievous skull-deep claw marks inflicted upon him by daemons whilst within the Warp, Codicier Aeneas stood, chapter relic sheathed and hands on the consoles. He glared angrily down at the battlefield that had become the command center, though it was difficult to tell at this distance. His psychic hood had been torn from him entirely, at some point within his desperate struggle through the Warp, but his one functioning eye was narrowed and clear, if considerably bloodshot.<br/>
<br/>
“Codicier Aeneas to <i>Spiraling Fury</i>,” his breathless growl carried across the Blood Raven vox channels. “Shipyard void shields are no longer active. Several members of the chapter require immediate teleport to the Apothecarium.”<br/>
<br/>
“<b>No…,”</b> Mortirex said slowly, shaking his head at the same time. “<b>No</b>!”<br/>
<br/>
A series of krak grenades slammed into his back, forcing him to stumble forwards, before all of them detonated at once. A burst from Brother Jacobus’ flamer covered the newly revealed flesh within. Bolter rounds, assault cannon rounds, plasma cannons, plasma guns, and every last grenade that the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had carried with them flew in the same instant. Lightning and flame crafted of psychic power crashed into the Chaos Lord next. Tarkus had dragged himself back up the tiers, firing <i>Deathdealer</i> until it ran dry with his remaining hand and then dragging a heavy bolter upright onehanded to do the same with it as well. Others focused on the chaos space marines that continued to fight, of course, but the sheer weight of fire was considerable nonetheless.<br/>
<br/>
“This is Captain Tarkus,” the Master of the Marches rasped as he patted the last of the flames on him out, “Initiate teleport on Blood Raven beacon spreads Secundus-2, 4, and 7.”<br/>
<br/>
Instantly, several of the fallen Blood Ravens began to disappear in flashes of light and crackled slightly-soured ozone. Those whose biosigns had completely fallen silent, but whose armor and beacons remained intact enough for penetrating scans boosted by surrounding active armor systems to be recovered. Others who still yet lived but were reduced to suspended animation, or those who were grievously harmed and combat ineffective, were next to follow.<br/>
<br/>
“And initiate teleport deployment Mortis Silentius,” he finished with a savage click of his teeth before tearing another heavy bolter off a fallen brother and firing with it. “Primus on my position, secundus and tertius on Codicier Aeneas.”<br/>
<br/>
“<b>NO</b>!”<br/>
<br/>
Mortirex’s bellow shook the ground as he turned on Tarkus, most of his body obscured by the firepower being unleashed upon him.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You…I will not…you will not…,”</b> his voice began to choke off as parts of his body began to bulge and shift unnaturally.<br/>
<br/>
Then the atmosphere shifted, was forced to shift, as three large displacements of air and matter occurred. With simultaneous loud booms of adamantium on the deckplates, the whining burn of reactors and chugging of exhaust pipes, Mortirex paused as he found his path towards Tarkus barred by a bulk of heaving ceramite that loomed above even him.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>I will be your <i>end</i>, heretic</b>,” Tomb-Captain Davian Thule promised with a throaty deep growl.<br/>
<br/>
Up at the top of the pyramid, on the eighth highest tier just below the ninth where Codicier Aeneas slumped slightly against the consoles, breathing heavily in the air of realspace for all that it was being pumped through Dark Mechanicus-devised life support systems, Tomb-Brothers Nathan and Cordas appeared behind the totality of the Black Legion troops remaining. Both bore no close-combat weapons at all, in direct contrast to Captain Thule, and instead with multi-meltas directly linked with their power systems. There was no hesitation, and from the moment they appeared they began turning Black Legion veterans of the Long War into melted lumps of ceramite and meat from behind, stomping forward and mercilessly sweeping four beams of near-instant death back and forth with mechanical precision. In turn, the Black Legion and its auxiliaries were forced to split their attentions for the first time since the battle began as the tide of enemy reinforcements were abruptly cut off.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fighting: 99 vs. 36</b><br/>
<br/>
Mortirex’s arm and axe flashed out.<br/>
<br/>
Captain Thule’s dreadnought power fist clamped around the arm at the elbow, and with a single smooth twist and tear literally disarmed the Chaos Lord.<br/>
<br/>
Mortirex’s legs tensed as he attempted to leap backwards.<br/>
<br/>
Captain Thule’s other power fist grabbed him by the bottom of his left leg, the rest of the Chaos Lord’s body escaping him out of sheer speed and dragged him right back into range and began slamming him back and forth across the ground in a painful and yet glorious mirror to the method by which Mortirex had dealt with Apollo Diomedes.<br/>
<br/>
Mortirex’s axe flashed back into his other hand, leaving a trail in its wake, all three eyes glowing brightly in ominous preparation.<br/>
<br/>
Captain Thule reached forward and grabbed the axe outright, clenching about the portion of the shaft where the eyes glowed. The explosion that occurred after crushing said fist closed threw the dreadnought backwards, legs leaving huge furrows in the deckplates and the fist itself a melted piece of white hot slag that dripped and splattered upon the ground. In its wake, however, the daemonic axe lay in two pieces, the head beginning to fizzle and fuzz as the properties that kept it as a functioning weapon in reality began to flicker and fade. Three enormous warp presences half-emerged into the Immaterium before a blast of psychic fire from the combined force of all conscious and present Librarians banished them once more. The remaining piece of the axe was stuck in the ground, a half-vaporized piece of scrap metal.<br/>
<br/>
Then he pushed that melted ruin directly against Mortirex’s chest and triggered the still functional heavy flamer while also clamping his remaining power fist on the Chaos Lord’s shoulder to hold him in place – while also triggering the storm bolter there at point blank range into another portion of his chest. In a complicated and rarely utilized maneuver, he further managed to extend his left leg upwards to the absolute limit of its capacity, which just barely granted him the clearance to slam his right leg down directly upon the armored groin and down to the floor beneath with the almost all the weight of a dreadnought chassis focused upon a single point.<br/>
<br/>
As the duel was fought, the Blood Ravens attacked the Black Legion with renewed fury. Two dreadnoughts wielding two multi-meltas from behind slew scores themselves, and outright demanded the Black Legion turn their remaining heavy weapons upon them lest they be slaughtered entirely. Turning such weapons about let the remaining Blood Ravens savagely attack them. Codicier Aeneas did not flicker into the Warp again, yet the chaos amongst the upper tiers let him make use of his force sword once more albeit without nearly as much strength and speed as he was accustomed to. Bloodied, battered, many of them with utterly ruined suits of power armor, the Blood Ravens fought and killed. Such was the carnage, the wounds they had suffered up until that point, that they were barely discernable from corpses in only that they were still fighting.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“RRAAAAAARRGGH!”</b> Mortirex bellowed, somehow managing to blow Captain Thule away from him with nothing more than a blast of his own inherent warp energies, stumbling upright and shifting backwards faster than Captain Thule could immediately grab once more.<br/>
<br/>
His body continued to twist and bulge, musculature warping and changing visibly and uncontrollably now that his fused ceramite armor shell had largely been stripped from him. Now that he was out of range of Captain Thule’s fists, however, he was once more attacked by the remaining Blood Ravens, eager to avenge the deaths of so many of their brethren at the Chaos Lord’s hands. There was no refuge, no place of retreat, that at least some of the Blood Ravens could not find sight lines upon him. The remaining cultists were being culled at rapid pace, a single second of targeted sweep from a single multi-melta vaporizing them in the dozens. The marines of the Black Legion were faring only slightly better against the two dreadnoughts. Which was the point when Epistolary Idmon staggered to his feet, staff on the ground and psychic hood cracked, reached up with both hands and clamped them down on some invisible ledge before violently pulling downward – which coincided with the seventh, sixth, fifth, and fourth tiers momentarily partially liquifying and creating a similar effect to an outright landslide on the ‘slopes of the pyramid. Though that final angry effort blew Epistolary Idmon’s face off and shorted out his armor’s power pack, leaving his perpetually grinning skull wrapped in burnt muscle fibers as he slumped to the ground unconscious and smoking, the effect was devastating upon the prepared defenses of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
More than two thirds of the remaining of Black Legion veterans tumbled downwards, unable to find purchase before the metal and plastics resolidified, but in that time the dreadnoughts had performed their terrible, gruesome, and eminently effective work. Undignified as they’d fallen head over heels, more than a few had died, cut apart or simply melted entirely as the multi-meltas continued to fire. Those that had managed to find handholds were stuck in place by that same act of self-preservation, and thus became stationary targets, an even more fatal prospect than those who had fallen downwards. Many of the remaining cultists suffered truly terrible deaths, having slipped and disappeared into the temporarily liquid slopes and remained there when they solidified once again. The sheer weight of the dreadnoughts allowed them to stay upright and moving even when the tiers shifted and twisted beneath them, simply tearing their feet upright after the deckplates had reformed around them.<br/>
<br/>
Mortirex saw none of this, focused as he was on fighting Captain Thule. He had dragged a power axe out from amongst the Black Legion dead, and had left many smoking rents and tears in the dreadnought’s frame. By now, half of his body seemed obscenely swollen, granting the arm wielding the axe even more insane daemonic strength, a twisting and barbed tentacle having exploded out of the socket of his left arm that lashed out with surprising effectiveness against Captain Thule. Though many of the Blood Ravens had been forced to focus on the remainder of the Black Legion lest their interference caused harm or difficulty to Captain Thule, some warily approached, led by the Chief Librarian. Justinius could see how the swirling cauldron of energies that flowed through the Chaos Lord had ceased to do so smoothly and had instead become a spiked and inverted tide. Now, Mortirex was no longer steadily drawing more of it into himself, but rather had become subject to an overwhelming and seemingly uncontrollable deluge. As more and more poured into him at a magnitude beyond his previous ability to control and direct, his body suffered as a result, already sprouting new mutations and unrestrained growth of biomass without direction.<br/>
<br/>
For all of that, though, he still fought on.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fighting: 38 vs. 20</b><br/>
<br/>
Captain Thule was as relentless in half-death as he had been in life, and for all that the minds of the entombed were often clouded and distant, on this day and in this rousing from that deathly slumber his mind was as clear as it had ever been since he had first fallen on the planet Calderis. His storm bolter and heavy flamer were essentially always firing, exhausting his ammo and fuel stores at a pace that was frankly unsustainable for long-term battlefield conditions. In exchange, a wash of ignited promethium was constantly coating Mortirex from top to bottom while the storm bolter dug deep holes and trenches into his increasingly inhuman flesh. He made no more proclamations, and instead focused his mind wholly on manipulating the systems of his tomb to fight as effectively as possible. The Chaos Lord did not bellow, did not laugh, and instead only snarled and frothed as he fought back against the dreadnought, the power axe beginning to dig deeper and deeper into the chassis. The new tentacle he had grown from the stump of his previously torn off arm whipped back and forth, and each strike carried with it enough force to his opponent back, and with a shriek that could not have come from anything human he utilized both to nearly knock Thule onto his back, a fatal prospect for those entombed.<br/>
<br/>
Which, in turn, cleared enough space around him for Tomb-Brothers Nathan and Cordas to turn away from the smoking remains of the last of the Black Legion and turn their combined four multi-meltas upon him. A single multi-melta, when wielded by a heavy power pack, sent two beams of pure superheated plasma that could burn through a variety of targets from regular infantry to superheavy tanks. A multi-melta hooked up to the far greater power supply capabilities of vehicles or dreadnoughts had its range and power extended all the more. Four multi-meltas, two for each dreadnought, fired eight total beams of searing destruction – all of which directly centered upon Mortirex. Two of the multi-meltas being utilized in that moment had once been used to help burn through armor of the Baneblade granted to the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Kronus Liberators in the Dark Crusade. Mortirex screamed, though he had no mouth. What little remained of his armor was vaporized and melted into dripping liquid ceramite and adamantium that splashed upon the ground. His newly grown tentacle was severed, and his overgrown mutated bulk gained several new holes in in less than a second. Mortirex recoiled, fell back from Captain Thule, and flailed as his scream reached a new fever pitch, seemingly emanated from many more throats.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mortirex: 1</b><br/>
<br/>
Justinius’ triumphant cry was cut off as he saw what no one else could, the rest of the Epistolaries having been forced unconscious or were utterly focused on saving what lives they could amongst their brothers. The maelstrom of energies, so uncontrolled, had shifted. Slowly, very slowly, but surely all the same. A grasping, evil will took hold of it. It was not enough, thankfully, to stem the tide. It could not steer an ocean. But what it did do, to Justinius’ horror, was steer the vessel upon it. Just enough. Enough that the energies did not collide and erupt and break apart the whole of the body. Instead, even as the Chief Librarian marshalled his will and lifted his hands, desperate to stop what he saw coming, it was too late.<br/>
<br/>
“Brace yourselves!” He managed to shout.<br/>
<br/>
What followed was an explosion of titanic proportions. Captain Thule managed to brace and was still driven off the tier and another fifteen feet back, powerful legs having dug enormous trenches into the deckplate and cogitators. For more than thirty feet all around Mortirex was an eruption of curdled Warp energies that blackened and altered the surroundings fully. Metal became flesh, became multi-colored vegetation. Foul life bloomed into existence before dying immediately, leaving confusing and revolting corpses of things that should not have been. Daemons emerged before collapsing back into themselves. The data within the nearby cogitators took on new abominable life that emerged upright as monstrosities of living physical code before the unnatural life and animus abruptly left them has stillborns. All of the smoke produced began to fade away, far faster than it should have naturally, sucking inwards into a suddenly revealed multitude of mouths.<br/>
<br/>
It was an amorphous mass of tooth-covered flesh, flailing tentacles bearing black fire and barbs. Taller and wider than all three dreadnoughts combined, it had no discernable face whatsoever. In fact as it unbent its heavily segmented back, it was revealed to be some horrific looking exertion of biology that was an extant of what should have been a human arm. Five grasping fingers with a hundred bloodshot eyes, each joint length the size of landspeeders, clawed endlessly at the air. A single mouth fit to swallow a predator tank whole gnashed its massive teeth that filled said orifice to the brim and even on the flesh of the ‘palm’ where it was placed. Lesser limbs hefted it upright, things that were almost arms and almost legs, enough of them in multitude to manage its heavy bulk. Insectoid arms sprouted from newly forming pimples more than three feet in diameter, covered in pus and bearing blades which hummed and crackled with daemonic energies.<br/>
<br/>
Far below, having crashed down multiple tiers and landed in a crumpled heap, was Mortirex.<br/>
<br/>
Mortirex, who stood completely naked and scarred, slowly and shakily, his right arm gone from the shoulder down and the nimbus of dread power which had surrounded him missing completely. No, that wasn’t quite true, Justinius realized as he reflexively cast out his otherworldly senses. It hadn’t gone missing at all. It had simply moved. Forcibly. Desperately.<br/>
<br/>
Successfully.<br/>
<br/>
Into the chaos spawn made of the Chaos Lord’s former limb.<br/>
<br/>
Justinius gaped, his mind trying to refuse the possibility outright, only to fail as he cast his eyes upon the chaos spawn once more. Indeed, that same infernal cauldron of Warp energies hung clearly about its frame now. It was directionless, without command or control. What it drew in on itself was not the favor of the Dark Gods or any other daemonic entities but was simply a natural consequence of its monstrous nature tugging upon the Warp, for it was born of such. A bounty, then, a glorious and hard-won thing that had been excised by nothing more than pure will and control. Given <i>up</i>, simply to survive that much longer rather than suffer what should have been the unavoidable consequences.<br/>
<br/>
“There!” The Chief Librarian pointed, “He still lives! Kill him!”<br/>
<br/>
Many turned swiftly, including the dreadnoughts, but by then the giant chaos spawn born of all that power that Mortirex had once possessed shrieked, screamed, and babbled before attacking in all directions. Some were picked up and flung away. Others were struck by acid covered teeth that were spat out at gunshot speeds at them. Its bulk shifted and bulged, twisting about and slamming its way through more cogitators and consoles, spreading out across two tiers with nothing more than sheer biomass. Beams of warp energies, wider and less compact than those once wielded by Mortirex through his axe began shooting out in all directions, even carving into the chaos spawn’s own flesh and forcing out new cries of insane pain. By necessity, if nothing else, many of the remaining Blood Ravens could not do anything less than try to fight this new foe before it slaughtered them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fighting: 96 vs. 33<br/>
Mortirex: 11 vs. 73</b><br/>
<br/>
Unluckily for the chaos spawn, no matter its size, Tomb-Brothers Nathan and Cordos retained the high ground and had not even come close to overdrawing their reactors. Now they had reason to do so, and drew deeply upon their engine hearts, sinking their feet deep and letting loose at even greater intensity than before. Justinius let loose an inarticulate noise of frustration before he let loose with sheets of white flame upon the chaos spawn to burn away it its bubbling and already regrowing flesh. He watched, helplessly as he cast out another hand to shield a fallen Blood Raven, as Mortirex – now no longer the goliath size of before but rather something closer to more ‘average’ size for a space marine – slam the hilt of his stolen power axe into his jaw, locking it into place with torsion and leverage and fleeing, hacking at the doors of one of the blocked passages and disappearing through it.<br/>
<br/>
By the time the spawn was felled, thankfully without any further casualties, it was too late.<br/>
<br/>
When the tech-priests reached the master control tier, their first report was not that they had found the fallen Chaos Lord wherever he’d run to, but rather that a fleet of strike craft was rising up from the nine forge-hives of Opus Maxima. The shipyard had stabilized itself before reaching the tipping point of no coming back, but it was also close enough that there were more than a few kinds of transports capable of reaching it. At least two full skitarii legions were coming to reclaim the shipyard once and for all. The point defenses could be reactivated, possibly, but it wouldn't be enough to stop them all. More to the point, the descent of the shipyard had always been planned, it was just that Mortirex had pre-empted them.<br/>
<br/>
"We have bled enough for this station," Tarkus said as he glanced about the shattered arena that had nearly been the end of them all.<br/>
<br/>
"But what of Mortirex," Justinius argued. "He yet lives!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>"For now,</b>" Captain Thule intoned. <b>"But the forces of Chaos do not kindly look upon failure."</b><br/>
<br/>
The Chief Librarian shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
"I will not hope that he shall be dealt with so easily. He is wounded, without followers, and managed to sacrifice the bulk of his power in order to live. But so long as he is alive, I do not think he will stop."<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus clapped his remaining hand on the psyker's pauldron.<br/>
<br/>
"Perhaps, brother, but for now...I would be done with this place."<br/>
<br/>
The tech-priests as of yet maintained some control over the master control, and as such there was a choice to be made: where to drop the shipyard. Mortirex had intended to do it in the wastelands of the planet, where it would not harm the forge-hives. The Blood Ravens had no such compunctions. For ease of designation, Forge-Hive Primaris was that which sat at the center of the wheel, the rail lines spokes that extended out to the eight lesser peers. Being the primary, and likely initial landing sight of the Dark Mechanicus on the world, it was the best defended. Overlapping and vast void shields covered it well, and multiple defense lasers defended it. The other forge-hives had their own defenses, but none so complete as the main. Unfortunately, discerning more in depth data, such as specializations if any, was unavailable on the master control, such files required permissions that the tech-priests simply did not have the time to falsify or force their way past.<br/>
<br/>
The vox crackled open.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain Tarkus, I hear you still live," Admiral Graves said sardonically. "Do you still aim to drop the shipyard on the planet?"<br/>
<br/>
"I do indeed, Admiral," Tarkus nodded, though the Admiral could not see it. "This place is too tainted, I suspect even the fuel lines might introduce corruption into any that partake of it, let alone their maintenance servitors."<br/>
<br/>
"I agree," Graves sneered at the thought before brightening somewhat. "We've managed to destroy the remaining Dark Mechanicus ships, dead in the water means dead soon after, after all. What about you? You're not planning on riding that damned thing all the way down, are you?"<br/>
<br/>
"No, merely attempting to choose the best target. The Dark Mechanicus is already attempting to try and reclaim the station."<br/>
<br/>
Indeed, the remaining thousands of skitarii on the shipyard were already trying to break through their own defenses to reclaim the command center or kill the remaining Blood Ravens. Or both.<br/>
<br/>
"I can tell, those strike craft are making clouds on the auspex. Better make it a quick decision, Captain," Graves said tersely. "Don't forget, the moment you start the shipyard on directed descent, it removes the shield for your strike cruisers."<br/>
<br/>
"I know, Admiral. We must all move swiftly once the decision is made, one way or the other," Tarkus replied calmly.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>What Does Tarkus Choose To Do?:</u></b><br/>
<i>Moratorium 12 Hours</i><br/>
[] Main Drop: Drop it on top of the main forge-hive, and attempt to do some real damage to it. If it really works, it could decapitate the entire Dark Mechanicus in one swift blow. At the least, it shall cause chaos and distraction at the main hub. Enough to perhaps allow the fleet to pull back further if desired.<br/>
[] Side Drop: Crash the shipyard atop one of the lesser forge-hives, and by doing so aim for the defense lasers. Perhaps, if successful, it could create an opening in the anti-orbital grid that would allow for proper landings, and thus ensuring the Imperial Guard can join in on the fight, if that is the path chosen.<br/>
<br/>
ALSO<br/>
<br/>
[] Land On Opus Maxima: If the Dark Mechanicus is able to maintain supply lines through esoteric means or the like, they could continue to supply the rest of the Chaos forces in the system. Or they may reveal some abominations of technology that could prove too great of a threat to ignore. The die is cast, Opus Maxima must burn.<br/>
[] Retreat: The defenses of the Dark Mechanicus are considerable. It may be prudent to temporarily pull back and attempt to head to another of the planets instead. You've taken their ships, and are about to destroy their shipyard, hopefully completely stranding them.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Fleet</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Void Shielding At 50%, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius (+All Unassigned Librarians)<br/>
15(39) 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Remains Unconscious, Repairs Possible By Tech-Priests Accompanying Imperial Guard/Imperial Navy<br/>
<br/>
24 5th Company Marines Require Bionic Replacements Or Dedicated Work By Chief Librarian And Epistolary Lucan Or Will Be Combat Crippled (Able to fire weapons, but not heavy weapons/able to fire heavy weapons, but not be standing or walk/ etc.) Total conscious 5th Company marines = 39. 15 are fully combat effective. <br/>
<br/>
Epistolary Idmon is in an unshakable suspended animation coma. <br/>
<br/>
Codicier Aeneas has fallen into a suspended animation coma, and will require intensive healing. <br/>
<br/>
Epistolary Lucan has displayed additional mastery:  [+Master Biomancer]<br/>
<br/>
NOTE: Dedicating the psykers to healing purposes means not being able to contribute to immediate upcoming combat. </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 1/3)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class (?)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas<br/>
3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers<br/>
322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines<br/>
125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines<br/>
24 Khornate Berserkers<br/>
341 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations<br/>
100 Heavy Combat Servitors<br/>
600~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii<br/>
100 Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii<br/>
2000~ Cultist Troopers<br/>
300 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers<br/>
10 Soulrend Obliterators</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>