<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 21: To Go And Vanquish</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 21: To Go And Vanquish</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Back To Work</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Back to Work<br/>
-[X] Chapter<br/>
--[X] Train Falkor Ryll In Terminator Armor Usage<br/>
--[X] Assign 20 New Battle Brothers To 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Assign New Thunderhawks to Fleet (Summary: All Flagships to 3x/3x Gunships and Transports, all other ships to 3x Gunships)<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship, 1x Transport Thunderhawks to 1st Fleet Battle Barge Omnis Arcanum<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship Thunderhawk to 1st Fleet Strike Cruiser Ravenous Spirit<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship Thunderhawk to 1st Fleet Strike Cruiser Spiraling Fury<br/>
---[X] Assign 2x Gunship, 1x Transport Thunderhawks to 4th Fleet Battle Barge Scientia Est Potentia<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship Thunderhawk to 4th Fleet Strike Cruiser Burning Seeker<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship, 1x Transport Thunderhawks to 5th Fleet Battle Barge Litany of Fury<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship Thunderhawk to 5th Fleet Strike Cruiser Rage of Erudition<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship Thunderhawk to 5th Fleet Strike Cruiser Great Father's Fist<br/>
---[X] Assign 2x Gunship, 1x Transport Thunderhawks to 10th Fleet Strike Cruiser Faith's Horizon<br/>
---[X] Assign 1x Gunship Thunderhawk to 10th Fleet Strike Cruiser The Howling Hatred<br/>
--[X] Contact Fabricator-General/Magos Prime Theodosia|Forgeworld Aerus in hopes of negotiating work starting 045.M42 for construction of suits of Terminator Armor<br/>
--[X] Slaughra Swarm Subterfuge (Chaos-Affiliated) - 10th Fleet, 10th Company + Leadership, 1st pick of necessary vehicles as requested by Company leadership<br/>
--[X] Other Zerann Strike Cruiser Minor Favors - 10 Squads for 5 Minor Favors, begin and fully pay for Strike Cruiser repair<br/>
---[X] 1st Company Squad + 4th Company Squad + 1st Company Apothecary Constantius Romallius + Chaplain + Codicier + 1 1st Company Dreadnought<br/>
---[X] 1st Company Squad + 4th Company Squad + Apothecary + Chaplain Antonius + Lexicanium + 1 1st Company Dreadnought + 1st Company Captain Marcus Crixus<br/>
---[X] 1st Company Squad + 4th Company Squad + 4th Company Apothecary Caeser + Chaplain Ravius + Codicier + 1 1st Company Dreadnought<br/>
---[X] 1st Company Squad + 4th Company Squad + Apothecary + 4th Company Chaplain Ateren + Lexicanium + 1 1st Company Dreadnought + 4th Company Captain Hadrian Priscus<br/>
---[X] 1st Company Squad + 5th Company Squad + Apothecary + 1st Company Chaplain Ares Actus + Lexicanium + 1 1st Company Dreadnought + 1st Company Champion Uriel Hamul<br/>
--[X] Zemel Continuation - Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos + Honor Guard, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, 1st Fleet, 5th Fleet + Unassigned 5th Company + Leadership, Specialists with no other assignment. Vehicles assigned as requested by Company/Chapter leadership.<br/>
-[X] Training<br/>
---[X] Angelos: Weapon Skill with Apollo<br/>
---[X] Chapter Main: Weapon Skill with Apollo Diomedes<br/>
---[X] Chapter Secondary: Agility with Cyrus<br/>
---[X] Chapter Secondary: Ballistic Skill with Hadrian<br/>
-[X] Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Implant Specialist Neophytes [2nd Stage] (10 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
--[X] Implant Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (15 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
--[X] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (27/34) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
-[X] Librarius<br/>
--[X] Locked: Begin in-depth studies of the remains of the various eldar Avatars of Khaine possessed by the Chapter [Note: This will mean that all non-Chapter Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are unusable for other tasks for 2 turns i.e. 10 years.] Will Complete At Start Of Turn 21 (045.M42 To 050.M42 Period)<br/>
-[X] Forge<br/>
--[X] Recovered Rhino Hulls Reconsecration And Repair [90 BP]<br/>
--[X] Recovered Assault Bikes Reconsecration And Repair [50 BP]<br/>
--[X] Recovered Whirlwind Hull Reconsecration And Repair [35 BP]<br/>
--[X] Recovered Hunter Hulls Reconsecration And Repair [80 BP]<br/>
--[X] Construct 3x Psychic Hoods [30 BP]<br/>
--[X] Relic Construction<br/>
---[X] Crozius Arcanum for Hannibal Palrun [38 BP]<br/>
--[X] Construct Forge Facilities On The Faith's Horizon [252 BP]<br/>
-[X] Master of Recruits<br/>
--[X] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds - Calderis, Meridian, Junius</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> 040.M42 To 045.M42</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>90 Implanted For Test-Slave Harvest In 035.M42. Harvest At Beginning Of Turn 21. Harvest = 180 Gene-Seed Harvested. Full Harvest!</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Avatar Of Khaine Study Complete! Details Within Rest Of Post. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">200 Aspirants Recruited -&gt; 200 Aspirants Advance: 170 To Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired/Given To Serfs.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">165 Neophytes [1st Stage] Advance: 147 To Neophytes [2nd Stage], Remainder Expired/Given To Serfs/Servitorization Authorized. <b>Gene-Seed Implantation Required Immediately.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">27 Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 25 To Scouts [1st Stage], <b>Remainder Expired. +2 Gene-Seed Reclaimed. 7 Neophytes Too Old For Implantation, Removed To Serfs. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 Scouts [1st Stage] Advance: 10 To Scouts [2nd Stage].</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">33 Scouts [2nd Stage] Advance: 25 To Full Battle Brothers, <b>Remainder Expired In Turn Operations. +16 Gene-Seed Reclaimed. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 12 to Lexicani. <b>Remainder Fell To Mutation/Corruption. Gene-Seed Unreclaimable.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 Specialist Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 1 Apothecary/2 Chaplains/3 Techmarines Seconded To Training. <b>Remainder Expired. +4 Gene-Seed Reclaimed. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">6 Lexicanum have shown increased strength and aptitude to control it. Promoted To Codicier.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nero Achillian has shown improved control and power, and has been promoted to Epistolary. Has further shown aptitude as a Daemonologist due to specifics of study and promotion.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 622+10+Apollo(29)=661/800]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill 4 To 5: 317+14+Apollo(29)=360/500]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Agility 4 To 5: 483+30+Cyrus(29)=549/500] <b>Current Agility Cap Reached. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill 5 to 6: 191+42+Hadrian(25)=258/600]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2 Apothecaries Complete Training. 2 Chaplains Complete Training. </li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Strike Cruiser Reconsecration/Rebuild Begun: Completion Estimate: Start Of Turn 23. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>NOTE: Polonius Reclamation Crusade To Continue Starting Next Turn.</b></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>To Go And Vanquish<br/>
+040.M42+ To +045.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain And Death Are Illusions Of The Weak Mind.</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company did its grim work, and did it without complaint.<br/>
<br/>
Five worlds, an asteroid belt that seemed to be conflicted between being simple rock and an organic massive rope which stretched across the entire system, and a fleet of locust-like ships. Daemon vessels flitted through the void alongside more mundane ships that were nonetheless steadily being corrupted simply by exposure. One planet had become a full daemon world, the ‘capital’ of these Chaos-worshipping xenos. The dual corruption of the Slaughra and the touch of Chaos were more than enough for the Guard and Navy and Inquisition – which Cyrus tells you he suspects will be present – to authorize Exterminatus upon that world.<br/>
<br/>
Upon those worlds, factories where endless amounts of Slaughra were entered, and few came out. Flesh and metal fused together, daemons throughout, and a significant amount of warp taint. Xeno sorcerers bend the lands to their will, erecting portals to summon forth more of their daemonic masters. There is no sign of humanity on these worlds, not any longer if there ever had been, nor of the Traitor Legions. Somewhat frustratingly, they serve Chaos Undivided, as near as Cyrus can tell. While the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> lost some to their efforts, the information is crucial when it comes to the coming extermination. The Capital World possesses numerous temples to all of the Chaos Gods, with the other four worlds given over to one God each.<br/>
<br/>
One world is dedicated to Khorne, with vast arenas upon it made from the bones of its gladiators, where they clash endlessly in an orgy of violence. They hone their skills upon these worlds, and eagerly await the ships which will swoop down to allow them to board, and then throw themselves into battle against their cousins from the other half of the Slaughra Swarm. Their cities are violent places, but factories as well. Industrious xenos, the Swarm is, whether controlled by Chaos or a gene-stealer cult.<br/>
<br/>
Another is dedicated to Nurgle, one to Slaanesh, and finally one to Tzeentch. All reflect the nature of the God who rules the world most strongly, yet there is little sign of the usual infighting that one might hope for. Something to be concerned with in the long run, more likely than not. Cyrus also managed to note the presence of multiple shipyards, with each world possessing a small smattering of ships above them as well. With the powers of the Warp on their side, they do not need to follow the laws of physics when it comes to material production and application, with ships actually growing out of the rotting hulk of flesh which might once have been a void whale which sits above the world which clearly worships the Plague God. On the world which worships Tzeentch, there are crystalline spires channeling endless storms of lightning and thus obscuring the world below.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus did not dare try to force his scouts closer to their capital world, not with the defenses it possesses and the size of his Company. But he could observe enough. Orbital defenses, sorcerous and technological shielding, and factories producing both weapons and vehicles from within bastions of blighted stone and steel. It will certainly be a harder fight than Bonebreaka might have been, you think. But this new information has been welcomed by Sector Command, which is going to be upgrading the threat response levels accordingly. Unfortunately, the 10th Company wasn't able to perform much sabotage works, with simply too many ships and defenses present for him to think it would be anything but pointless suicide. If there <i>had</i> been a point, you know he would have done it immediately. But the end point is this, the Slaughra Swarm under the control of Chaos is actually capable of defeating their cousins, and will likely do so if not stopped eventually. They have more ships and more troops, but Cyrus recommends letting them get further. In point of fact, if they actually do over-extend, then they would leave their worlds exposed, and their rear to be taken apart. Something to that effect, at least.<br/>
<br/>
The Reclamation Crusade is set to advance soon, you know this. This new information has divided Sector Command somewhat, however, and you do not know for sure what they intend to do with this new information. In five years time, however, you suppose you will find out.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================​</div> <br/>
The Librarius have always kept certain secrets close to their chest. It is in their nature. Some things must be known only by those who can withstand the knowledge itself. Still, much of that secrecy worked against them when Kyras came to corrupt and kill all he could in the service of Chaos. A few orders, proclamations of missing and slain Librarians instead simply being in ‘seclusion’ or ‘meditation’, and much of the Chapter’s most notable feature was stripped from it. But Justinius has proven himself time and again since the Purge. And now, he has called you and much of the rest of the Chapter’s higher leadership to see the results of his work. As you approach the Librarium, the air chills, and frost appears to have coated the walls along with sigils which have been engraved in the halls themselves.<br/>
<br/>
With a whining hiss, the bulkhead door, similarly engraved, slowly opens. The temperature here is unnatural, likely even below what is normally best for preservation of texts and artifacts. Yet perhaps that is the point of things. With the closing of the door, a palpable wave of power washes over you. It is joined by one you recognize, a psychically reactive cloth wrapped about his head to cover his eyes. Despite possessing bionic replacements, Nero Achillian does not necessarily need them. He hasn’t for quite some time now. Regardless, the Codicier – no, not a Codicier. He is…more than that, now.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” he bows to you slightly, “Welcome.”<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Nero. Tell me…have you advanced in rank?”<br/>
<br/>
“Well spotted, Chapter Master,” Nero smiles slightly, “Yes. I was promoted to Epistolary on the authority of the Chief Librarian for my aid in…well. Our work.”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus’ mechadendrites close about his body as you enter, the sensation of psychic power filling the air an uncomfortable one. You ignore the sensation of something crawling just beneath your skin, a minor manifestation of what has been done here for years now. As you approach a side chamber, away from all of this, you see a bevy of Lexicanum wandering past, chattering to themselves in an endless drone as they catalogue and review every single piece of information that exists in the vast Librarium of the chapter’s flagship.<br/>
<br/>
“Justinius,” you nod at your Chief Librarian, who nods back in turn. “What have you discovered?”<br/>
<br/>
“Power,” is his simplistic reply, before he pulls off a cloth and several chains from a large black slab of stone.<br/>
<br/>
They lie before you, five blocks of strange psychically charged material, something akin to stone and steel in equal measure.<br/>
<br/>
“We studied the construction of <i>Godsplitter</i>, and with such…an excess of the Avatars,” Justinius’ voice is somewhere between incredulous and awestruck, “Believe that we can replicate it. In limited number, of course, but it…should be possible.”<br/>
<br/>
The power of <i>Godsplitter</i> simply cannot be understated. It is a daemonhammer, made for and with the intent of shattering the powers of the warp. It excels in this, and is thus far removed from a simple thunder hammer. The possibility of the Chapter having access to similar weaponry is something valuable indeed. Or, though you loathe to think of such politicking, as something worthy of trade with others. Perhaps with the Inquisition. Perhaps. Still, another thought strikes you.<br/>
<br/>
“But there were far more than just the remains of the Wailing Dooms,” you murmur.<br/>
<br/>
Justinius simply smiles again.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. We believe…that…with careful hands, we might create…well, something similar.”<br/>
<br/>
“Anti-daemon armor?”<br/>
<br/>
“Talismans, marks, perhaps. Nero posited if we could perhaps create a network about a ship’s hull to resist the Warp itself during travel to allow faster and less risky delvings into the immaterium out of it’s armor.”<br/>
<br/>
The newly promoted Epistolary coughs at the mention of his name, and looks away when you turn to look at him.<br/>
<br/>
“It was an <i>idle thought</i>, Justinius. And I only had it because of the sheer abundance of materials.”<br/>
<br/>
“Regardless,” Justinius presses a hand against the slab, “These five shards can be used safely. Much was used up or destroyed in the process of our study, but with these I believe we can create something of note indeed.”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
===============================​</div> <br/>
"So what happened here," Martellus ground out, holding the terrifyingly loud crozius in his hands.<br/>
<br/>
He was no Master of Sanctity or Chaplain, but that didn't mean he didn't know how to hit things with the end of the weapon meant for violence. The techmarines quailed before the audible creaking of ceramite against metal, the noise coming from a tightening grip on the crozius. Like a looming god, the Master of the Forge stood atop the Whirlwind he'd restored personally and stared at his subordinates. There was no sign of Daedal or Calus, for they had successfully completed their own works without utterly ruining it. But these ones...no. He let out a bark of angry binary cant, and finally they responded. Of misplaced components, of missing tools, of accidents, and of proclaimed unseen structural weaknesses. Some were legitimate excuses, others were not. The end result, even if he bludgeoned them all to death, would be the same despite the grief their actions had brought him. In the end, he sent them away to scrub the walls and floors with actual bristle brushes, servitor work in essence. Sighing, he left the forges and headed for another section of the ship, hefting the weapon he'd crafted in his hands repeatedly.<br/>
<br/>
"Martellus, my brother, how fares the day?" Hannibal greeted him with a boom - or rather it might be better to say that he simply spoke at the volume to which the orator was accustomed.<br/>
<br/>
"Worse than I'd hoped, better than I'd feared. I present something to you as well, my friend."<br/>
<br/>
"Magnificent," Hannibal murmured.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Forge Results</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>(5/24/46/39 Out Of 1d100) of 4 Looted Rhinos Restored. All 4 Declared Irreparable. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>(80/100) Looted Whirlwind Restored.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>(58/3 Out Of 1d100) of Looted Hunters Restored. 1 Declared Irreparable. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>(28/77/62/15/53 Out Of 1d100) Of Looted Assault Bikes Restored. 2 Declared Irreparable. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>In total: 1 Whirlwind, 1 Hunter, 3 Assault Bikes Given To Chapter Vehicle Pool.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>x3 Psychic Hoods Built. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Relic Crozius Arcanum Crafted For Hannibal Palrun: 38 BP Cost. 1d100=92. Relic Crafted: <i>Thunder Blood. </i>Details added to Hannibal's character sheet/Relic Page.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>252 BP To Faith's Horizon Forge Construction: 252/500</b></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================​</div> <br/>
Pella. Or, once upon a time, Dustboom. Here, Hadrian Priscus made his first name as a Captain, leading his forces in a series of crushing assaults and daring strikes across the surface of this world. Yet he also showed his intelligence, despite not being the most cool-headed of Blood Ravens after losing forces to the Ultrafortress of Mekboss Killdakka, and instead elected to preserve the greater theater by assaulting the orbital cannons. Where he found success, so too do the Blood Ravens once more. Victory here is a bit more difficult to achieve considering what the orks possess, at least compared to the orks of Viridius. Still, you possess a stronger core of vehicles than you did before, and even some of the reclaimed tanks are used in this. Predators once forced into service by the orks are able to wreak vengeance. Their Machine Spirits slake their rage on the blood of the greenskins thoroughly. The Guard appreciates your efforts here considerably, though the Order of the Lost Rosetta does not. They are even managing to find themselves leaving the planet and heading towards Palmyra and Aigai in force as your forces arrive in system. Is it because of their sheer distaste for you, or because they simply thought they would be better off contributing elsewhere? Something tells you it is a combination of the two. At the least, they are not outright shooting at your forces.<br/>
<br/>
The planet that was once Dustboom is set to become quite the industrious world, given enough time. That you have aided in this course is a welcome thought, compared to the darkness that surrounds much of the rest of the galaxy.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Polonius Results</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">- 1d3=1. Dustboom/Pella<br/>
- 76. No casualties. Some victories.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
========================​</div>“Die, heretic!”<br/>
<br/>
The dreadnought may not have pronounced the word <i>precisely</i> correctly, but none took the time to correct them. For the screaming blasphemer of the Omnissiah <i>was</i> technically a heretic. While the traitorous techpriest flailed about, the dreadnought slammed them down, and then applied the prodigious weight of their entire massive sarcophagus to stomp down and crush them entirely. All around them, the Blood Ravens fired without pause into the oncoming daemon-machines, and slaughtered them in turn. Constantinus fired his bolt pistol carefully, whirling about and dragging his chainsword through a possessed menial’s body.<br/>
<br/>
“Inform the techpriests that we found their erstwhile peer,” he called on the vox, voice as calm as the grave.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Heretek Killed On Zerann, Minor Heretek Cult Exterminated.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================​</div> <br/>
“Aw, come on! It wuz supposed tah be easy!”<br/>
<br/>
The Kaptin died lamenting the destruction of his ‘beautiful’ kroozer when Marcus shot him in the face. All of the thickened armor and heavy metal jawplate crunched inwards, crushing the ork’s head to pulp. All across the rest of the bridge, the orks died or fled before the unrelenting fury of the Blood Ravens. A steady pulse of planted explosives across the ship were a welcome tempo, and soon enough the squads began to retreat for the thunderhawks. A Lexicanium screamed in fury, lightning exploding out of his fingertips, their first time out of the Librarius a mighty crucible for them indeed.<br/>
<br/>
“Status on the transports?”<br/>
<br/>
“Preserved, Captain. The Magos passes on his thanks for our boarding and distraction allowing them to flee.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Valuable War Material Transport Escorted. Ork Pirate Kroozer Destroyed. <br/>
</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================​</div> <br/>
"What...oh. Those are my organs," the marine gurgled, surprise in his voice.<br/>
<br/>
Newly promoted from the 10th Company, not a single year as a true battle brother, and his chest had been split open like an egg. The screaming machine had turned away, however, forced to in fact by the gripping claws of the dreadnought it now grappled with. For a wonder, the marine simply stared, holding one of his hearts in one hand and a lung in the other, before the apothecary approached at a loping gait. The surface of Aerus was pacified, yes, but occasionally some small remnant of past came to the fore. For instance, in manners such as this. A small incursion compared to what was once suffered, and there are fewer every year, but this happened to be near where the Blood Ravens had come. It was not precisely possessed by a daemon, but rather had been transformed by errant scrap code, still floating here and there in the noosphere despite repeated scrubbings by the Mechanicus.<br/>
<br/>
"Hello brother Caesar," the marine said far more casually than he probably should have, "I appear to be...hmm. Am I dying?"<br/>
<br/>
"Only a little," Caesar growled, shoving the held organs back into the body, tools whirring to life on his armor. "Now hold still. <i>This</i> is going to hurt."<br/>
<br/>
"I just had my chest cavity opened, how - GNGAAAGGH!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Minor Corrupted Machine Incursion On Aerus Cleansed. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================​</div> <br/>
"Captain, the parade is over, I believe that our job here is done."<br/>
<br/>
"...Captain?"<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian blinked and turned to look at Ateren, and then back at where the parade ground was no longer as full and loud as it had been before. Slowly he dialed the settings back to default on his helmet, allowing the previously deafening crowds to return to his ears, though he was happy to note they were not as deafening as before. The marching Titans had finished, and there was no longer any need for the Blood Ravens to appear as ornamentation beneath the twinned banners of Aerus and Zerann. While neither of the Forge Worlds actually possessed a Legio of their own, they did, after all, have a closer friendship with an honest-to-the-Emperor space marine chapter as allies. What Hadrian was less keen on was the fact that he and his forces were being used as saber rattling...or whatever passed for it amongst the Mechanicus. Besides which, it was a smaller Titan Legion, eager for glory, hence why they had come at all and would soon be delivering themselves to the Polonius Subsector.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Diplomatic Balance Maintained Between Local Mechanicus Elements Against Foreign Mechanicus Elements. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================​</div> <br/>
Hamul didn't particularly care <i>what</i> the Mechanicus was doing out here, or about how suspicious the Magos was being. He'd been sent here for a reason, and intended to do it. One would think, he mused as he cut down the ork in front of him, that they would be grateful that the Blood Ravens had shown up at all. There was little doubt that there really were plenty of 'shiny bits' within the isolated station, but he had no intentions on them. Perhaps it was the way the skitarii guards had been slaughtered by the orks that was why they were so wary. At least the codes given to him by Zerann were enough to prove their identity and allow them to provide aid. Pistol booming, he dodged back from one wild swing from a nob and drove his chainsword along its throat at the same time.<br/>
<br/>
"The orks should be cleared out soon, Magos. So either you open the bay doors, Hal-2124, or we will be <i>forced</i> to open them ourselves and then tell Zerann what kept us."<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mechanicus Outpost Safeguarded. </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] Assign 25 New Battle Brothers To Companies (Write-In Battle Brother Allotment)<br/>
[] Assign Epistolary Nero Achillian To A Company (Write-In Company Designation)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Zemel Continuation </b>- While WAAAAAAGHH!!! Bonebreaka was stopped in its tracks, many orks remain within the Zemel System. The vast majority of the work is nothing nearly as intense as slaying Warbosses, Big Bosses, retaking Battleships, or otherwise. It is a painstaking culling, step by step, across four whole worlds. The Order of the Lost Rosetta is assisting in this, but the Blood Ravens could still contribute some forces there, though that would be entirely up to you. It might be better to try and preserve your brothers for the next step of the Polonius Liberation Crusade. [Write-In Forces Contributed For This Turn]<br/>
[] <b>Slaughra Swarm Sabotage (Genestealer-Affliliated)</b>: Before the warp storm faded away, this was the only potion of the Slaughra Swarm known to be in existence. Inquisitorial information gathering has confirmed the presence of a genestealer cult in command of this portion of this xeno race. While the forces of the Sector ready themselves, they have allowed for the possibility that sabotage efforts against their shipyards would be most welcome before the actual assault begins in a few more years. The current greatest threat to the Crusade will be coming from their space-borne assets, and denying the enemy of as many of them as possible would do well. With the Swarm distracted with their Chaos-affiliated cousins, this is an opportune time to take advantage of their backs being turned. [Write-In Forces Contributed This Turn]<br/>
[] <b>Slaughra Swarm Sabotage (Chaos-Affiliated)</b>: These worlds are dangerous in the extreme. Daemons and sorcerers ensure that any attempt to sabotage their forces will be exceedingly dangerous, even for space marines. There are two specific things that would require the efforts of those of a stealthy nature, and Cyrus knows this well. If one were to target one of these, death is likely certain for some. On the other hand, victory would be of great aid in the battles to come. Of note, of course, is that you can <i>not</i> simply send in a Company Fleet. That would be foolish, and a death sentence. There are too many enemy ships to possibly survive. These will have to be squads, inserted, and hoping for the best.<br/>
-[] Void Capabilities [Write-In Forces Contributed To Sabotaging Ship Yards/Material Transports/Supply Lines]<br/>
-[] Land Capabilities [Write-In Forces Contributed To Sabotaging Factories/Destroying Columns/Supply Lines]<br/>
[] <b>Terminator Exchange</b>: Theodosia is willing to produce some Terminator Armor for you, having gotten those forges and designs online. But she will, one, require a full squad of marines with at least one psyker amongst them to safeguard the area - not that she doesn't trust the defenses and holy blessings of the Omnissiah, she just wants to ensure protection for your own equipment. And the hexagramic wards of the Blood Ravens should be especially valuable. Second, for each set of five terminator suits you desire built, she will require aid in other things, allowing her to free up production systems for what you desire. [1 Squad+Librarian Required To Help Oversee Production Whenever Selected. 1 Squad Required For Minor Favor Works In Exchange Per 5 Suits]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Toughness/Agility Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it <b>must</b> be specified that they do so.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (147 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (0 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The <i>Arcanum</i> may have the largest of our Apothecarium, but it is the <i>Potentia</i> that possesses the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (Choose One):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] The Raven's Talons: Justinius believes that it should be possible to craft weapons that would be highly effective against daemons and the malefic powers of the Warp itself, as <i>Godsplitter</i> is. With five usable shards taken from Wailing Doom of the Unknown Craftworld's Avatar of Khaine from Typhon Primaris, he believes he could make similar weapons. Whether another daemonhammer, a blade, axe, maul, or spear, he thinks it possible. [100 BP Per Raven Talon, Powerful Anti-Daemon Power Weapons, x5 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Weapon. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] The Raven Aegis: The powers of the Warp and the daemons of Chaos are things that you know for a fact the Blood Ravens will face in the future. Creating talismans which would protect against such things would be incredibly valuable indeed. Justinius' successful efforts at using the materials of the fallen Avatars of Khaine has made him believe it possible to create such things. [50 BP Per Raven Aegis, Powerful Anti-Daemon/Warp Protection Talisman. x10 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Talisman. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] Anti-Anti-Psyker Study: The Split Heart Kabal made strange xeno advances in the baffling, diffusing, and blocking of psyker powers and abilities. By making a study of such things, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens would be able to train its forces against such things, improving their ability to defeat such things in the future while providing an additional aid of likely effectiveness against the vile Eldar specifically. [Note: This will mean that all non-Company Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable</b> for other tasks for <b>2</b> turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
- The Chapter's greatest advantage was its Librarians. I know that they were used for...ill purpose in the past by Kyras, but I will not allow such a political character to be assigned to them ever again. We were meant for more than that. For the betterment of the Chapter, for its coming battles, and the maintenance of the <i>Sanctorium Arcanum,</i> we must rebuild our ranks, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (575 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Flagships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The <i>Faith's Horizon</i> [252/500] to recieve an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Howling Hatred</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [0/????]<br/>
[] Recovered Ultrafortress Predator Hulls Reconsecration And Repair – [235 BP Cost] Note: May not succeed. [5]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- Tremendous damage and desecration has been lambasted upon what we recovered from the orks of Bonebreaka’s WAAAGH!! They will require much work to remove the taint of the alien and reconsecrate, let alone repair. But if done, then the Chapter would benefit indeed.<br/>
- We should probably build more Tarantula turrets.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Have we considered building more Tarantula turrets? Deploying them to aid our forces in the upcoming Crusade fighting would be most valuable indeed.<br/>
- Thank goodness the <i>Potentia</i> has returned to service. Amongst the rest of the ships within the Chapter Fleet, it possesses the most advanced forge facilities, as befitting its name. This will surely aid me in construction of more advanced technologies in the future, as well as their study!<br/>
- Our Chapter will remain low in number for quite some time yet. I believe that one of the best ways to alleviate such issues is the noble Tarantula turret.<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.</div>
  </body>
</html>