<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Fifteen)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Fifteen)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Follow Carlyle's Plan<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
“I see no other option,” Gabriel nodded. “Let us advance, and end this swiftly so that we may turn our attentions to New Meridian.”<br/>
<br/>
The ships turned about once more, preparing themselves for the tortured ships to reach them. The troop ships carrying the Imperial Guard remained behind, as did the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. The venerable Battle Barge was truly mighty, but she had suffered most grievously in the fight, worse than she ever had in a single campaign than she ever had in the past under Gabriel’s personal stewardship. That she still flew, that she still possessed launch capacity, was purely thanks to the durability of its superstructure and its machine spirit. Gabriel was no Tech-Marine, but the cogitators had been able to spit out a repair length estimate, based largely around how much of the ship they no longer had access to due to the damage sustained, and what the internal sensors were capable of. It was not a welcome estimate, either. Even should they survive the rest of the battle, and make it out through the gravity reef once more, and then again make the lengthy travel back to the Korianis Sector, it would be quite some time to return the ship to its full capacity. More than a year, at least, depending on how blocked up the shipyards of the Forge Worlds were, especially considering how hard the Imperial Navy was requesting they work to rebuild their numbers.<br/>
<br/>
So it fell to the rest of the fleet to reach the defense monitors before they could reach either the <i>Litany</i> or the transport ships it stood in front of. They forged forward with none other than the <i>Great Father’s Fist,</i> the last of the strike cruisers that had miraculously managed to make it through without suffering any damage at all. The rest of the strike cruisers and escort ships followed behind. Though the <i>Sword</i> had suffered as Captain Carlyle had told them all, the fearless woman drove her ship forward all the same, firing with forward facing lances the moment they came into range, something that the Imperial Navy ships at the rear contributed to as well. Unlike the ships under Admiral Graves, however, Captain Carlyle advanced in order to make use of the incredibly powerful plasma broadsides of her vessel. The defense monitors, on the other hand, were all fresh in terms of hull and munitions.<br/>
<br/>
Their minds, however, were being flayed. Even through the void between celestial bodies, the Librarians could not help but hear the tearing apart of so many souls concentrated in one spot. Against the metaphysical backdrop of the Warp Tear behind them which still spewed daemons in their millions onto the planet below, it was more difficult than usual to see, but not impossible. Those who had been shackled in soul to the planet they were guarding were now being forced against their compelled orders by the very same one who bound them. It was killing them, leaving empty husks of skin and bone to collapse onto the decks of their ships. Perhaps, if given time, they would possibly die out entirely before being able to return to their normal stations – but doing so would involve them successfully wiping out the Imperials, and to surrender to such an eventuality was unacceptable.<br/>
<br/>
“Here we go,” Gabriel said, having relocated to the lead strike cruiser. “All hands! Prepare for assault!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Opening Moments: 26 vs. 53</b><br/>
<br/>
The initial clash went by swiftly. The defense monitors were being driven by soul-bound madmen, who quite literally could not halt even if they possessed the capacity to do otherwise. As such, though the first shots of the Imperials were remarkably ineffectual, neither did the defense monitors do more than score powerful shots upon void shields. Their own shields were remarkably tough, a benefit of stripping out the warp engines in favor of reactors to power other systems. Their weapons punched powerfully into the Imperial ships. But rather than fall out into medium to long range firing, the defense monitors instead continued right on, forcing the Blood Ravens to turn about to try and keep up with them. The conclusion was obvious, of course, one reached by all and sundry within seconds of looking towards the actuality spheres on over a dozen strategiums.<br/>
<br/>
“They’re going straight for the troop ships!” One Captain called, turning her Lunar-class cruiser to broadside the approaching defense monitors as swiftly as she could.<br/>
<br/>
“Take out their engines first, if you can!” Captain Carlyle said back crisply.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mix And Pass: 94 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
As the defense monitors pushed past and through the Imperial ships in the first wave, both sides of the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> opened up with every single plasma macro-battery firing at once, then twice. Scans afterwards would prove that Captain Carlyle had simultaneously ordered a total shut down of life support, void shields, engines, and all secondary weapons in order to redirect all available power to said plasma batteries, violently and dangerously increasing yield and fire rate. Warning klaxons screamed, the tech-priests scrambling to ensure that the superheating of the coils did not melt them, as well as working swiftly to prevent fatal overloads of the electrical systems.<br/>
<br/>
It was, however, more than worth it, or so the woman would declare to Inquisitor Adrastia when the woman awoke from her healing coma to inquire why the ship’s life sustainer was currently working overtime to remove the ship-wide stink of burnt rubber and sparking wires.<br/>
<br/>
For in the aftermath four entire defense monitors were completely obliterated. Each salvo was tightly ordered, and tightly targeted, each of the four – two from each side at rapid speed – striking the ships completely. Not a single iota of the plasma failed to strike their targets, blowing them to white hot fragments that became as small meteor storms due to the continued momentum. In an instant, the enemy fleet was massively cut down in number, at the cost of leaving the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> to flounder to turn about as its other systems were hastily brought back online. The Blood Raven ships were swifter in their pursuit, firing all the while. Torpedoes shot forward, and it was thanks to the defense monitors being front-facing, firing their main weapons only as they passed as well as towards the ships of Admiral Graves, that their own point defenses could not stop the torpedoes from striking them directly in their rears.<br/>
<br/>
Yet still the enemy came on.<br/>
<br/>
They could not do anything less, compelled by the hooks in their very souls.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pursuit: 55 vs. 21</b><br/>
<br/>
“Oh no you don’t,” Graves growled.<br/>
<br/>
The Emperor-class battleship was largely meant as a carrier and command ship, but that did not mean that it did not possess its own weapons, its own defenses. To rely solely on attack craft was a death sentence. As such, as the defense monitors came on, firing, Graves ordered all batteries to begin firing at will. He could not stop the grimace as the void shields failed for a moment, lances and macrocannon fire scraping across the hull of his ship. But the ship weathered it all the same. It was enough to ensure that the ships coming behind the defense monitors were able to catch up, whether by torpedoes or other general weapons fire. What followed was a dangerously close fight, Graves ordering the ships most in danger to fall back or duck away, enough that the defense monitors had to reprioritize on other ships out of necessity – even if it meant that his own ship took that much more damage.<br/>
<br/>
It was worth it, in the end.<br/>
<br/>
Though the <i>Sword</i> did not recover itself in time after destroying four cruisers at once in time to strike the others, the Blood Ravens and Imperial Navy swiftly proved up to the task. It did help, of course, that the minds and souls of the enemy crews were extinguishing themselves throughout the entire fight. Their capacity slowed, their firing slacked off, and their overall responsiveness to the maneuvers of the Imperials faltered more and more. In the end, only two ships made it past the initial cordon, and weapons fire once more raked across the weakened shields of the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, and broke them. Yet more of the hull was scarred, digging deep, but before any truly significant damage could be done, the defense monitors – captains screaming as their mind dribbled out of their skulls – were destroyed from behind. The <i>Great Father’s Fist</i> had gone to full speed ahead and rammed one of the two in the rear to shatter it – the combined fire from every other ship dealing with the second.<br/>
<br/>
And for a moment, it was over.<br/>
<br/>
“All ships form up on me,” Graves ordered. “Damage and status reports.”<br/>
<br/>
“The <i>Sword</i> will take some time and repair to fully recuperate from being so unleashed,” Captain Carlyle was swift to respond, her voice cutting through the sudden babble of various captains and tech-priests across the vox.<br/>
<br/>
“Minor damage sustained across our strike cruisers,” Gabriel added, “Including now <i>The Great Father’s Fist</i>, as well as our escort ships.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see. Let us set aside the next half hour to immediate repairs and reports to make themselves known,” Graves declared.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================================​</div><br/>
“That concludes my report,” Captain Carlyle leaned back in her command throne. “The <i>Sword</i> will require heavy maintenance, but it is nothing that can prevent it from contributing in battle again if absolutely necessary.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see,” Graves rubbed at his chin. “Well, I’d say it was worth it. Chapter Master Angelos?”<br/>
<br/>
“All strike cruisers are capable of orbital bombardment, but the <i>Litany</i> is sluggish after the amount of damage she has sustained.”<br/>
<br/>
“I believe that,” Graves huffed. “If any other ships had taken that amount of damage, it would be dust in the wind by now. The <i>Litany</i> is truly formidable.”<br/>
<br/>
“She was, yes. And she will be again once we are done here,” Gabriel said.<br/>
<br/>
Then all cast their eyes towards their actuality spheres.<br/>
<br/>
“Scans show that the Warp Tear is rapidly shrinking in size. Our best estimates – if the rate of decay holds steady, though who knows,” Graves rolled his eyes, “It should be gone within twenty-four hours, somewhere around nighttime on New Meridian.”<br/>
<br/>
There was for some a dark satisfaction, no doubt, at the reports from the auspex and sensor probes of what was happening on New Meridian. The daemons cared not at all that they were attacking those who were nominally aligned with them. Who worshipped them. Who summoned and bound and beseeched them. But Gabriel was not one of those. It discomforted him greatly to even consider taking such comfort in evil paying unto evil. They were daemons, and not to be trusted, thanked, or welcomed in any situation whatsoever. He held some faith that the Blood Ravens were of similar minds, but could not say the same for the Inquisitorial or Imperial Navy crews, if they were even fully aware of the ongoing circumstances.<br/>
<br/>
“We are less certain on the daemons,” Justinius spoke up, the Chief Librarian’s eyes closed as they often were when he was splitting his attentions between the Materium and the Warp. “It is entirely possible that they have consumed enough souls, caused enough bloodshed, to maintain their presences beyond the Warp Tear.”<br/>
<br/>
“For the moment they seem concentrated in the cross-continental hives after rampaging through the toxic wastes,” Gabriel joined in, looking at one of said reports.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm,” Graves murmured. “So. What now, then? Do we wait for the Warp Tear to close completely?”<br/>
<br/>
“Not necessarily,” Colonel Gabriel Derosa coughed into his fist, drawing eyes towards his projected image. “We,” he gestured behind him to other Imperial officers, “Have been conferring. At the moment, New Meridian is in chaos. They are completely focused on eradicating the daemons. This includes, in certain areas, their orbital defenses. They were expecting ships to shoot down. Not,” he let a ghost of a smile cross his lips, “Daemons manifesting within their compounds.”<br/>
<br/>
A sharp whistle came from Admiral Graves.<br/>
<br/>
“God-Emperor, lad. Are you telling me you want to try to land on a Chaos-worshipping Hive World in the middle of a daemonic invasion?” Graves shook his head, a wary look on his face.<br/>
<br/>
Even Captain Carlyle’s eyes had opened a modicum.<br/>
<br/>
“I think we should consider it,” the Colonel answered. “There will never be a better time for them to be distracted as much as possible. If we wait until afterwards, they <i>will</i> be able to focus the whole of their efforts on us.”<br/>
<br/>
“What’s to stop the daemons from turning on you next? Or on any of the ships as they try to land?” Captain Carlyle asked, her calm voice somehow sharpened now. “The anti-orbital defenses are still present.”<br/>
<br/>
“In these zones,” he answered quickly, pressing a few runes on the console in front of him to forward scans with highlighted areas, “They are damaged, or outright inactive, though they are going to be repaired and re-staffed in time. If you will forgive my impertinence, Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel lifted his chin.<br/>
<br/>
“If the Blood Ravens could teleport to the surface, they might avoid fire that could otherwise knock out Thunderhawks and drop pods and see to what defenses could strike out ships from the sky – or at least secure the landing zone if there is no need to do so.”<br/>
<br/>
“That…,” Gabriel paused. “Could work.”<br/>
<br/>
“I understand that it would be dangerous for all involved,” Gabriel Derosa bowed his head to his namesake. “The daemons might turn on us. If the defenders manage to focus upon us despite the daemons, it could prove dangerous. We may not all make it to the surface. But,” he looked up, expression hard, “As my wife has mentioned more than once, it took her father but a single regiment to claim four worlds for the Imperium against armies of xenos and heretics aplenty.”<br/>
<br/>
It was an undeniable point of pride for the Imperial Guard as a whole that one of their own had done such, without the aid of either space marines or the sisters of battle or even major support of the Mechanicus outside of usual duties. What was, to the Blood Ravens, as a terrible regretful shame, was quite the opposite to the Imperial Guard of Segmentum Ultima. At the same time, Gabriel could see just as many things as Governor Derosa’s son had offered, and then some. He could not deny, however, that there were many potential benefits as well. If they could land the majority of their troops successfully…<br/>
<br/>
“It is only a suggestion, of course,” the Derosa added. “It is not as if I would try to order a landing without the rest of the task force. All of the potential landing zones are on the other side of the planet from the Warp Tear, at the least. For now, at least. If we hesitate too long on this, they may well rotate to be directly beneath the Warp Tear and its tide."<br/>
<br/>
<u>It Is Time To Choose, Chapter Master</u>:<br/>
<b>Vote Moratorium For 3 Hours</b><br/>
<br/>
[] Attempt Landing Now<br/>
-[] Landing Zone 1: Deep within the Toxic Wastes outside of the main cross-continental hive which covers two thirds of New Meridian, this landing zone saw the least amount of daemonic attentions and is particularly hostile to life outside of the secured passages leading from defense station to outpost to trams which lead back to the hives proper. The guns here are still mostly active, from defense lasers built to shoot down entire ships to flak arrays meant to shoot down drop pods and aircraft. The Blood Ravens would be teleported down first, alone, to attempt to deal with these various stations and their defenders. Afterwards, the Imperial Guard would be able to land all their ships at their leisure, somewhat at least, and utilize the tunnels to head to the Hives.<br/>
-[] Landing Zone 2: A midway point between the Toxic Wastes and the New Meridian Hives, the daemons washed through here swiftly on their way towards bigger masses of humanity. There are less anti-orbital defenses online to deal with, but the forces of New Meridian sent some troops here to reinforce those that are still active. The Blood Ravens would have to deal with both to allow the Imperial Guard and Inquisitorial Stormtroopers to begin landing. It would be somewhat risky to land the ship here, as they would likely not be able to lift off again due to surrounding anti-orbital defenses, but full deployment would be possible.<br/>
-[] Landing Zone 3: Directly on the edge of the Toxic Wastes and the Hives, the anti-orbital defenses here are almost entirely gone. The daemons were here in their thickest numbers compared to the other zones, and as such caused significant damages. New Meridian troops came here in force to battle them, only pulling back somewhat to deal with incursions elsewhere. Landing here would allow now just teleportation, but thunderhawk and valkyrie transports to land other troops to help secure the landing zones for the much, much larger troop ships. At the same time, the daemons might well return for new targets, and the defenders of New Meridian would immediately become aware of the Imperial presence and will likely respond just as swiftly. Fully disembarking may end up taking place while under fire.<br/>
<br/>
OR<br/>
<br/>
[] Attempt Landing Later, With A Different Plan: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury [Minor Damage]<br/>
2 Escorts (1 Gladius, 1 Hunter Destroyer) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed, Shield Arrays At 15%, Extreme Hull Damage] <b>DANGER: Litany of Fury will require significant attentions at a Mechanicus Shipyard for repairs. Any notable damage may disable ship in permanency. </b><br/>
SC Rage of Erudition [Minor Damage]<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist [Minor Damage]<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+12 Codiciers, 10 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
37 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (+2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (+18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (+50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (+10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
3 5th Company Marines (6 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 90%)<br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
4 Frigates (Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<b>All Void Armsmen Utilized In Boarding Lost (Remaining Void Armsmen Now Depleted To Severely Understrength Levels)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [1 Regiment's Worth of Casualties Evenly Spread Amongst The 5 Infantry Regiments]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [1/3 Casualties Sustained]</li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified) (Moderate Damage)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
6 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 Soul-Tortured Defense Monitor Cruisers [800,000~ Crew Total]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">110,000~ New Meridian Vandian Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2,000,000~ New Meridian Vandian Guard</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000,000~ New Meridian Conscripts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15,000,000~ New Meridian Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">500,000~ Saharduin (Piscean Warriors, Alien Crew Members, Engineer Caste, Blood Shamans, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reaverlord Carnax, Khornate Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Grand Hunter Hraxe, Slaaneshi Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Admiral Maximilian Vandis, New Meridian Defense Fleet Commander</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">New Meridian Defense Defense Fleet: Estimated Crews At 10,000,000 (Including All Ships, Orbital Stations, Shipyard)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Masters of Forge-Hives, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>