<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 21</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 21</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally
[*] Fight



Scanning the battlefield, you resolve to add your own influence to it. But as your fresh bruises remind you, even if Branulhune is perpetually ready, you aren't. You reholster your revolver, draw your staff from your back scabbard, and take a moment to cast Aethyric Armour and feel the slight ache of exertion lift from your muscles. More concentration and a handful of whispered syllables sees the billowing gas of your form of Universal Confusion start to pour from you, and Dread Aspect has your shadow take form around you as a supernaturally terrifying aura. Then you interweave Smoke and Mirrors into a casting of Shadow Knives aimed at the nearest Kul, and you disappear from where you stand with a swirl of fog.

[Join the melee: Martial, 70+23=93.]

You appear mid-swing next to a Kul with a single brass horn emerging from his forehead, and take his head off his shoulders before anyone has time to react. By the time the men he was rallying are able to turn their weapons on you, the murderous tendrils of your shadow and the bewildering wisps of fog emanating from you have reached them, and you're able to cut through several more before they begin to scatter. With another burst of knives into the back of the nearest, you're gone.

Another knot of resistance has formed around a shield-wall at the border of the tempest, but the central warrior being impaled by Branulhune has the others recoil first from him, then from the figure of terror doing the impaling. As Ulgu gives their greatest terrors form in your swirling silhouette, they drop their weapons and flee into the storm, and moments later a bolt of lightning obliterates them.

A Kul wielding some sort of pike that sparks and shimmers to your Magesight is jabbing at a spectral bear, interrupting its feeding upon the fallen. It gives a silent roar and flinches away, but before the pike can find purchase in flesh or magic or wind given shape or whatever it is, you're there to slice first through the haft, then through their wrists. Then you disappear again, this time with the teleportation cantrip woven into a recast of Dread Aspect.

A wooden cage contains a misshapen beast of mouths and limbs that must be a Chaos Spawn. You cut down the Kul trying to unleash it, and then cut open the cage, and then slice the Spawn into halves, then quarters, then keep cutting until it stops trying to bite you. It takes many more cuts than it should.

It takes you almost too long to spot the gathering Ulgu, as at first you mistake it for a place you'd already visited. By the time you appear next to the Shaman, there's already a wailing adding to the din of the storm as reality begins to tear open and suck the air into the space between the physical and the Aethyr. It implodes in a scatter of arcing magical energies as the Shaman is cut down, and you flinch back and swear as the spilled blood begins to boil - more by reflex than out of any real danger, as your Belt protects you from extreme heat. You take a moment to dismiss Branulhune so the blood can fall from the blade, then resummon it as you scan the chaos for the next place to intervene.

[Ljiljana vs Kul: Learning vs Martial, 74+???+???(Widow?)+???(Tor?)+???(Dazh?)+???(Ursun?)+30(Mathilde)=??? vs 99+20-10(Losses)=109.]

Despite the hummock of snow that marks the boundary of Ljiljana's storm growing higher with buried bodies, the Kurgan keep coming. Perhaps that's only to be expected, as to the most devout of the Kurgan - which, by all accounts, would be the Kul - this would be the very definition of a holy war. To allow the Gods of the Gospodar to triumph over them could lose them the favour of their Gods, and this far into the Chaos Wastes that could be just as much of a death sentence as charging into the blizzard.

[Continued intervention: Martial, 23+23=46.]

Unfortunately the Kul seem to be catching on to your methods, as each teleportation starts to be met with shouted warnings as the most strong-willed push through the aura of confusion to meet Branulhune with their own blades. You and your shadow still reap a bloody harvest but it is now a battle, rather than a slaughter. You don't like fair fights so you switch from Shadow Knives to Melkoth's Mystifying Miasma for weaving your teleportation cantrips into, making sure that wherever you appear there is also a field of jittering time, sending even the most skilled warriors off-balance as their well-trained reactions encounter the concept of time as a variable. Blades lifting to parry a swing moving a hair too fast or too slow, feet stumbling as one moves slightly faster than the other, sights and sounds taking a fraction longer to arrive and shaving just enough time from their responses to make all the difference.

You feel the change in the energy of the battlefield before what has heralded it comes into sight, as the Winds are battered backwards by an invisible and overwhelming force and magic begins to answer your call a little more hesitantly. A hulking figure barges through the crowd, his skin as brass as the spiked collar fixed to his neck, his arms lacking hands entirely, instead being fused directly to the haft of an enormous steel axe. He turns his gaze to you, hatred shimmering in his eyes, then to the blizzard. Enemy spellcasters or foreign Gods, which does a Champion of Khorne hate more?

[Rolling...]

Evidently, you.

He charges straight in your direction, barging aside any foolish enough to get in his way as you ready your blade to meet the charge. You can't run from this foe without risking the entire battle, as if he meets the storm and brings his unholy patron into direct conflict with the Gods of Kislev, that could end it all. You can't turn spells directly on him either, not with any confidence, as the collar around his neck is a physical manifestation of the Blood God's hatred for magic. But that doesn't mean you're out of options entirely. So as the Champion gathers speed, you refresh the spells surrounding you and then ready another.

[???: ???, 51+10(Making Amends)-10(Not Their Idiom)=51 vs 50+10(Hatred)-10(Split Attention)=50.]
[Mathilde vs Khornate Champion: Martial, 58+23+20(Spells)=101 vs 33+30+20(Charge)=83.]

A second before the Champion reaches you you vanish from vision, but they're either too lost to fury or too canny to think you've teleported and swing their axe in a great arc you're barely able to sidestep out of the way of. You swing Branulhune in an arc in return, and for the very first time since you received it, the blade judders in your hand as the Runically-enhanced force of the swing is arrested by the flesh it has only sunken partially into. You yank it free as the Champion roars in outrage, backpedalling from his next swing.

[???: ???, 32+10(Making Amends)+10(Upper Hand)-10(Not Their Idiom)=42 vs 69+10(Hatred)-10(Split Attention)=69.]
[Mathilde vs Khornate Champion 2: 10+23=33 vs 36+30-10(Wounded)=56.]

But not fast enough, as the Champion's muscles swell with unnatural vigour as his swing meets your invisible stomach, causing you to cough and retch as your Aethyric Amour absorbs enough to turn what would have been a bisecting into an extremely painful blow to the gut. You look to the Champion's stomach for the response from your Belt, but instead the collar glows red and blood begins to seep down the Champion's neck, the influence of Khorne somehow denying the Rune of Rancour any purchase on His Champion. You backpedal further, looking for any opening and painfully aware that the impact of the axe has turned you visible once more. The air crackles with energy you can't spare the attention to examine and you can taste blood and bile that you swallow down. You let the staff fall from your fingers, trusting it to be sturdy enough to still be intact should you survive long enough to find it, and draw a revolver from its holster. It probably won't make a dent, but it might prove enough of a distraction...

[???: 48+10(Making Amends)-10(Not Their Idiom)=48 vs 75+10(Hatred)-10(Split Attention)=75.]
[Mathilde vs Khornate Champion 3: 38+23-10(Wounded)=51 vs 64+30-10(Wounded)=84.]

Apparently not, as the Champion ignores the bullets slamming into its torso in favour of swinging his axe once more, meeting Branulhune halfway and sending an agonizing jolt through your arm as the two forces arrest each other. Is the Champion swinging with as much force as Kragg's Rune imparts on Branulhune? Surely not, or it would have cut straight through your Aethyric Armour without effort. It must be the aura of the Blood God dulling it, imposing brutal reality where strength is all that matters, not ephemeral energies and cunning artifice. And that is a battlefield that a Champion of Khorne is much more at home in than you are, as it recovers from the impact much faster than you do and swings the pommel of the axe into you, sending you sprawling.

[???: 86+10(Making Amends)-10(Not Their Idiom)=86 vs 85+10(Hatred)-10(Split Attention)=85.]
[Mathilde vs Khornate Champion 4: 77+23-20(Heavily Wounded)=80 vs 70+30-10(Wounded)=90.]

It's been quite some time since you hurt this much, but you pull yourself to your feet once more nonetheless, meeting the gaze of the Champion as he approaches. He's not going to give you time for the Seed to restore you, and you don't trust it this close to the aura of his patron either. As you see his muscles bulge for another swing and ready Branulhune to try to meet it, you feel a strange sense of serenity. All you can do is the best you can...

[Meanwhile, Ljiljana vs Kul 2: Learning vs Martial, 95+???+???(Widow?)+???(Tor?)+???(Dazh?)+???(Ursun?)+???(Ranald)=??? vs 2+20-30(Losses)=-8.]

...and hope you bought enough time.

To his credit, the Champion of Khorne is more aware than you of events outside of your duel, and whirls to meet the oncoming figure. But it is not nearly enough. The axe shatters on skin crackling with Divine energies, and a wiry arm shoots out to grasp the Champion by the collar, lifting him off his feet as tendrils of frost engulf the bronze.

"The disciple of Our kin is not yours to break," says Someone else with Ljiljana's mouth. "We are the inheritors of this world, and We will brook no interlopers." There's a creak and then a crack as the frozen metal gives way, and shards of bronze rain down as the collar shatters and the Champion falls free. In an instant the overbearing energies filling Ljiljana grow even stronger, and the Champion swings at Ljiljana with the ruined remains of his limbs as the blizzard engulfs him. When it recedes, he is frozen in place, his shattered axe and collar bearing testament to the power of Winter.

Silence falls upon the camp, and you take a moment to run your eyes over the utter ruin where an encampment once stood. Bodies litter the ground, some frozen, some mauled, some burned, and some apparently untouched but just as dead, and there's not a living Kurgan in sight. "Pizdets," Ljiljana says in her own voice, flexing her hands. "Zhizn’ ebet meya, could have put a blade in, but no, had to use my fingers to break metal. Blyat, ja zaebalas." She turns her gaze to you, and to the blood dripping from your mouth. "Will you live?"

With a thought, you nudge the Seed to do its work. "I'll be fine in a moment," you say. "How about you?"

She looks down at herself, and the many rips in her clothing with unmarred flesh underneath. "Yha, did not quite reach the handle. You did well, tovaritch. Za-Nekulturny would have been bothersome." She exhales as she looks around the ruined encampment. "Downside of battle without rota, nobody to make carry the loot. Can your ghost-horse carry?"

"Just a person, and whatever they can carry."

"The cat weeps. You got Za-Goblet?" You nod, frown, check it's still there, then nod again and hand it over. "Good. Will fill pockets with silver. You should too."

You exhale again and look over the ruins, where the first of the vultures and ravens are already descending. Silver is never unwelcome, but you hope you can find something a little more exotic for your troubles.


The two with the most votes will be chosen.

[ ] Silver
Coins of every kind and hacksilver of unknown provenance. You should be able to carry a few hundred crowns' worth.
[ ] Jewels
Possibly more valuable than silver. Possibly just polished glass.
[ ] Magic Weapons
Some of the magical weapons do not bear the taint of Dhar, though you don't know who made them or what they do. They could be very carefully collected for future study.
[ ] Scrolls
In runes that look slightly similar to Queekish and you assume are Dark Tongue. There's no good excuse under the Articles for not throwing them in the fire immediately, but the same could be said for some of your other reading materials.
[ ] Shrine
An icon that appears to be dedicated to the moon you know as Mannsleib. The Kurgan worshipping the Chaos Gods and the Winds is easy to understand, the sun and the moons, not so much. You can feel some sort of Divine energy at work here, but can't say much more than that unless you're able to get it somewhere quiet for further study.
[ ] Silks
Definitely not the ones that the Daemonette was lounging across. Not quite spider-silk, but at least you'll beat Gretel to silk sheets.
[ ] Khorne-Brass
The metal of a Chaos God, shattered by the power of the Gods of Kislev. Even more unforgivable than the scrolls, should it be found on your person. But perhaps even more educational.


- There will be a one hour moratorium.
- Ranald vs Khorne rolls: 1st round, Ranald won and tried to use that victory to get an upper hand in future rolls. Rounds 2 and 3, Khorne won and used the opportunity to buff his champion, including the antimagic effect. Round 4, Ranald won and made sure that Ljiljana (who was on her way anyway) intervened before the Champion could finish you off.
  </body>
</html>