<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 (Part Two): By Duty, Bring Death</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 (Part Two): By Duty, Bring Death</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Arbit</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Starting Out Of Range: Land troops on Dustboom in areas already claimed by the Imperial Guard, and thus out of the range of orkish anti-orbitals and anti-air, that can then fight alongside the Imperial Guard with their own fury. The large amount of armor in the enemy’s ranks demand just about the same.<br/>
-[X] Crush Enemy Tanks: There is nothing for it, the enemy must be destroyed. They infest Dustboom, and must be shot to pieces and destroyed wherever they are found. Fighting alongside the Guard in this should make for…an interesting fight. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
--[X] 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Land Raider Phobos <i>Litany of Purgation</i><br/>
--[X] 1 Predator (Twin-Linked Lascannons)<br/>
--[X] 1 Predator<br/>
--[X] 1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Plasma Guns) [+Lascannon]<br/>
--[X] 1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
--[X] 1 Vindicator<br/>
--[X] 4 Assault Bikes (2x Multimelta, 2x Heavy Bolter)<br/>
<br/>
[X] Into The Dark: The orks here are some of the best equipped in the entire nascent WAAAGH!!!, and are in their home territory. The Guard are only just holding onto what few beachheads they possess, and must be reinforced. It will be rough tunnel fighting, but necessary to fully expunge the orks from this place. This will surely be the most difficult of fights possible to reach at this moment in the Crusade. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[X] 1st Company, Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chapter Master's Honor Guard<br/>
--[X] All deployed as Terminators<br/>
--[X] 3x Rapiers (Quad-Heavy Bolters)<br/>
--[X] 1x Rapier (Laser-Destroyer Array)<br/>
<br/>
[X] The Sky Is Ours: The Imperial Navy is struggling to hold off the orks they just dislodged from the stars in this area, and could be aided. They are split between chasing down the orks which once hung above Shinehole uncontested and ferrying troops to the surface and wounded back into their berths. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
--[X] 1st Fleet<br/>
--[X] 4th Fleet after deploying 4th Company on Dustboom<br/>
<br/>
[X] Ride Out Into The Dawn - The orks have been beating their heads against the citadel-cities for a considerable length of time. If you were to land your forces there, and march out from the gates, you would be able to throttle them down in great numbers as they are gathered in very large numbers outside of the citadel-cities for your own forces to tear them to shreds. At the moment, of course, you do not yet possess the ability to cull the orks entirely from the jungle...but this would be a good start. It would also likely ingratiate you to the feudal lords to see the Angels of Death arrive and protect them in person. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
-[X] 5th Company, 10th Company<br/>
--[X] 13 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolters)<br/>
--[X] 13 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Twin-Linked Lascannons)<br/>
--[X] 8 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
--[X] 5 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Multi-Melta)<br/>
--[X] Land Raider Crusader <i>Tarantulus Ultima</i><br/>
--[X] 6 Razorbacks (Standard Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter)<br/>
--[X] 1 Razorbacks (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
--[X] 2 Whirlwinds<br/>
--[X] Predator<br/>
<br/>
[X] Fear The Skies - There are no anti-air weaponry for you to face. Some flying creatures, to be sure, but nothing that can challenge a thunderhawk, and nothing at all that can stop an orbital bombardment. For too long have the orks of this world been allowed free reign, and they have forgotten to fear the void itself. Every settlement visible from the air, every ork hold, ork fort, watch tower, and workshop, every pit and place where they breed their foul creatures from the smallest of squigs to their mighty Orkeosaurus variants must burn. Or be exploded. Or torn apart by heavy bolter fire. What matters is that they face death. There is no fear of geological damage, indeed, it would only provide a boon if earthquakes were to rumble across Pacemen!<br/>
-[X] All availabe Thunderhawk Gunships<br/>
-[X] 3 Land Speeders (Standard)<br/>
-[X] 2 Land Speeders (Tempest)<br/>
-[X] Orbital bombardment against Orkeosaurus, Orkeosaurus breeding grounds and large settlements.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>By Duty, Bring Death<br/>
+030.M42+ To +035.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain Now! Reward In The Afterlife!</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
<b>Dustboom Combat (1)<br/>
Imperial Guard Vehicles: 55<br/>
Ork Vehicles: 2<br/>
Blood Raven Vehicles: 89</b><br/>
<br/>
Twin blasts of eye-searing blasts spat out from the front of the assault bikes as they passed, spearing through not one but two war trukks entirely. The orks within that had somehow survived the blast, their hides charred and melting off, attempted to leap free before over seventy tons of metal and ceramite slammed into the broken wrecks, running the survivors underneath itself as it continued on. Around the first mass came a small phalanx of others, staggered out behind it in a wedge of deadly intent and grave purgation. The heavy bolter placed in the front of the wedge’s point vehicle fired until the barrels grew red and orange with the heat, sponsons whirring as twin-linked lascannons fired in unison at a stalled battlewagon which had ceased all movement.<br/>
<br/>
“OVERRUN THEM!”<br/>
<br/>
Here was a vehicle that responded to his thoughts faster than any other. Or perhaps it would be more correct to say that there was less of it that had to respond. In the void, his mind connected on all levels to the comparatively ungainly berth of the battle barge, where even the most rapid of swerves or twists required painfully lengthy moments for the entire bulk to move. But here, now, surrounded on all sides by an ocean not of darkness illuminated by the light of the stars, but an ocean of roaring metal and swirling dust, he could truly appreciate the difference. Here, his blood pumped harder and faster than it did in the skies above, where his heart and soul beat in slow and steady tandem with the reactor cores.<br/>
<br/>
Well.<br/>
<br/>
There was that and the fact that he was standing on <i>top</i> of the <i>Litany of Purgation</i> holding a missile launcher in his hands, which was certainly more ‘exciting’ in certain senses of the word which might have had something to do with it.<br/>
<br/>
“Come on, come on!” Hadrian snarled as the minor targeting protocols of the machine spirit failed from the dust swirling everywhere and decided to simply fire the weapon at where he could still see. “All units, fire as one upon the enemy!”<br/>
<br/>
“Affirmative, captain!”<br/>
<br/>
Assault bikes swung back around, bolter and more primitive slugs flying through the air as a hailstorm. Predators shifted all weapons as they shattered aside the broken wrecks of old and the still smoldering remains of more recent casualties of the fighting. The razorbacks whirred up with their own weaponry. Behind, marching as a scattered mass and bearing plasma, melta, and missile launchers aplenty, the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company arrived out of the swirling dust as red avengers on the ridge their vehicle pool had just driven over. Behind them all, the Imperial Guard slowed their movements, taking these precious moments to enact emergency repairs on what damage they had taken or simply to watch in awe as the Angels of Death made themselves known.<br/>
<br/>
“NOW DIE GREENSKINS!” Hadrian bellowed, firing again with the missile launcher just as the <i>Purgation</i> rammed into the already coming apart battlewagon which had ruined a dozen Leman Russ tanks not a week before…and broke through to the other side.<br/>
<br/>
A shard of broken metal, superheated by the weaponry unleashed on to its mother corpse, flew free and planted itself in Hadrian’s shoulder, to which he grunted and pulled it free to toss it aside into the dirt. Less than a minute passed before rounding a mountain of broken scrap metal of what had once been all a manner of vehicles came another bevy of the enemy, howling with glee all the while as they charged into battle. Dozens of orks hung off of them, firing guns in all directions, while at the head of a deff dread rode a cackling ork whose brain was exposed to the dust and air.<br/>
<br/>
“Forward, then!” Hadrian cried, and the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> moved with him.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Beachhead Tunnel Securing<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 68<br/>
Orks Of Shinehole Defenders: 9<br/>
Blood Ravens: 63</b><br/>
<br/>
“The Angels of Death are here!”<br/>
<br/>
“Emperor be praised!”<br/>
<br/>
Leave it to the commanders to be angry, to be suspicious, to be leery of accepting aid from the Blood Ravens. The story of the long-time inhabitants of the Korianis Sector was known to many. It was hard to keep that sort of information away from the upper echelons. Especially amongst the Ecclesiarchy, for whom the information had filtered down with rather annoying speed if one were to ask the Inquisition. But in that moment, face covered with the ash and blood of a full hundred men and women he had once ministered but a week before, Antonio Nicatus had nothing but happy tears to see them present. Draped in their holy and blessed armors, the Blood Ravens had arrived within the tunnel mouths which so many had died to take and so many died to hold, and moved into the thickest of the fighting.<br/>
<br/>
There, their leader, wielding a crackling hammer which broke apart entire weapon emplacements and roaring epithets to the enemy. Another, wielding a masterful blade which cut through all who opposed him including a squad of mega nobs who had just the day before cut apart the leading commissar with their terrifying weaponry. All of them pushed forward, save one. Marked by his skull masked helm, his task and his nature was known to those who had a passing familiarity to space marines. Raising a crozius high, he extoled these broken men and women with a fervor that humbled Antonio to his core.<br/>
<br/>
“Fear you not death, my friends, for the Emperor is with you. We! Are with you! See the enemy,” he swung the crozius in the direction of the howling orks as they retreated further than they ever had into the tunnels, “See how they <i>run</i>, see their <i>weakness</i>! You have lost so many to them, do you not desire <i>vengeance</i>!?”<br/>
<br/>
His words inflamed the holy hatreds in the hearts of his flagging flock, and Antonio wept as they stood and roared their defiance against the choking pain and depression that had taken hold in their hearts. But they were tears of joy, and as he lifted up his own chainsword high, screaming to the God-Emperor, charging forward, he felt His eyes turn on them again. To think that he had begun to question his own faith! He would flog himself a dozen times more at the end of all of this for his folly!<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Space Securing<br/>
Imperial Navy: 85<br/>
Ork Fleet: 36<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet: 66<br/>
4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Reinforcement: 52<br/>
4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet: 82<br/>
</b><br/>
“Boss, boss, dem new ships just killed ol’ Kaptin Brukk and iz turnin’ our way!” screamed the grot before Kaptin Tuskmunch grabbed him up and squeezed until the gretchin’s neck broke.<br/>
<br/>
Adjusting his tri-corn hat, Tuskmunch growled as he wrapped his meaty green fingers around the metal wheel that had been forcibly connected to the entire ship. Rolling his fungus cigar back and forth between his blackened teeth, he chuckled for a moment as he squinted with red eyes at the wildly flickering holographic projection sticking out of the wall which showed the general direction of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
“Den let’s GO already!” he roared, and slammed down on the big red button with the grot’s corpse before flinging the body away.<br/>
<br/>
He always liked hitting the big red button.<br/>
<br/>
“Come on, you gitz. COME ON! Doesn’t matter if ya got more ships den us, doesn’t matter if dem humie Navy boyz suddenly got demselves a spine! COME GET SOME OF TUSKMUNCH’S GUNS!”<br/>
<br/>
One solar revolution later found the orks over Shinehole completely eradicated in a joint assault by the Imperial Navy and Blood Ravens. The greenskins had plunged directly at their newest targets, their ships comparatively unblemished compared to the battle-worn Imperial Navy, opening up their flanks and rear to several lance barrages into their unarmored backsides. A small measure of acknowledgement was shared between the Rear Admiral in charge – who, as it turned out, happened to know of them specifically, for he was drinking friends with one Rear Admiral Whitmore of Krasus Command.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================<br/>​</div><b>Dustboom Combat (2)<br/>
Imperial Guard Vehicles: 10<br/>
Ork Vehicles: 16<br/>
Blood Raven Vehicles: 75</b><br/>
<br/>
“We’re dead, we’re dead! We’re <i>dead</i>!”<br/>
<br/>
“Shut up!” Colonel Zvorsk growled, and when the tertiary loader failed to cease his sniveling, found himself silenced as Zvorsk cracked the back of his hand off of the man’s cheek. “Status!”<br/>
<br/>
“Treads are still down, battle cannon is <i>cut apart</i>, autocannon is broken too, and,” his driver began to rattle off before another great squealing filled all of their ears with literal ear-bleeding volume.<br/>
<br/>
The ork Stompa had been a surprise, a trap laid in waiting within another of the larger scrap piles, before erupting out of the sides of as they had moved forward in a column in an ambush. Ork looted tanks had surrounded them on all sides, with missile firing war trukks too, attacking with reckless abandon. That had been five frantic minutes before they had steadily lost the ability to see outside of the baneblade outside of sticking their heads out – a sure death sentence they had already learned. Then the Stompa had begun trying to cut open the baneblade itself. Or at least that’s what they thought what was happening. Or maybe it wanted to just destroy the baneblade in general.<br/>
<br/>
“Damn it,” he grunted, trying to wipe the stinging sweat out of his eyes, “If the General had listened to the Blood Ravens…,”<br/>
<br/>
“Why would he, when he can throw us into the grinder in a completely opposite direction that they were going?” Triana snorted as she methodically loaded her bolt pistol in her lap, no point in trying to fire weapons from the primary gunner station any longer. “Still,” she glanced up at him, a shaky smile on her lips, “I plan on killing at least one of them after they open the old lady up.”<br/>
<br/>
Zvorsk grunted and let his eyes roam over the innards of <i>Mother Death</i>, and opened his mouth to respond when he felt the entire baneblade rock – and not in the manner it had been before. The echoing booms of weapons fire, lascannons, and melta weaponry was easily recognizable to the elder colonel, and he felt his heart begin to swell ever so slightly with hope. More explosions rocked outside of <i>Mother Death</i>, until finally there was silence. Zvorsk shared a look with Triana before both jumped slightly at a knocking at the hatch. They waited a moment, until the knock came again, and Zvorsk swore before finally going up and dragging the corpse of his secondary gunner aside to crawl up the ladder.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah. I was wondering if there was anyone left alive in the baneblade,” the Blood Raven said to him as Zvorsk stared at them. “What luck. The enemy is dead, and the techpriests are already on their way here. They seem especially aggrieved at the condition of it, which in this case…should probably be good for it,” the space marine said, pointing a finger back out into the dust to where Zvorsk could not see. “Good day, and may your dead find peace.”<br/>
<br/>
Then the Blood Raven leapt off of the baneblade and on top of the land raider which had ridden up to them, and began to move past them all. Of the column itself, only a third of it was still viable and functioning, the rest either destroyed or their crew members expired in one way or another. Zvorsk stared as the Blood Ravens disappeared into the dust, the sounds of combat starting up not a few minutes later with flashes lighting up the distance, and swore again to himself before he found a lho-stick poked up from the depths of the tank, held in Triana’s hands.<br/>
<br/>
“Thanks,” he finally said, and lit the stick up, staring unceasingly in the distance as the sounds of the space marine tanks steadily disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
“I can’t believe they swung back around to save us,” he heard her say as she sat back in her seat, exhausted. “Seriously, look at that. I think they just outright vaporized some of those war trukks, I think. Didn’t totally get a full count before, of course, but I can believe it. God-Emperor help us.”<br/>
<br/>
“I can believe it,” he finally said.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Stage 1 Dustboom Results</u>:<br/>
Multiple Dustboom Ork Vehicle Formations Destroyed. <br/>
Multiple Stompas and Deff Dreads Destroyed.<br/>
Imperial Guard Casualties Middling.<br/>
No Blood Raven Casualties Taken. <br/>
1 Space Marine Predator Wreck Recovered From Ork Hands. Condition Critical. Repair May Be Possible.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Shinehole Tunnel Advancing<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 17<br/>
Orks Of Shinehole Defenders: 6<br/>
Blood Ravens: 21<br/>
</b><br/>
The bodies are not in fact, as some might think, thick enough to reach up to your knees, terminator armor or no. It is the general fungal filth which instead has claimed not just the floors, but the walls and the ceilings as well. Even so, you can see just why they call this place Shinehole, even in the parlance of the alien. From the piles of orkish loot you have found in the first few initial caverns taken after the beachheads were fully secured, you are seeing many an Imperial weapon dragged out to the actually audible screams of the techpriests at the desecration – in one case at least. Everything from lasguns, laspistols, and broken heavier weaponry, to more esoteric things like particularly shiny Imperial insignias. There were at least three shining medals for especially valorous Imperial soldiers found in the muck, which leaves a sour taste at the thought of how they were acquired by orkish hands in the first place.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>“Fight on, Blood Ravens, fight on!” you cry, firing your plasma pistol into the depths of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
And there were depths aplenty. They were packed tightly in these tunnels, firing back with enough brass falling onto the ground from their guns to create a life-sized statue of the Emperor himself a dozen times over within the span of minutes. The volume of fire at this particular tunnel section was enough that even terminator armor was no true aegis against them. On the one hand, the rosarius that Hannibal carried had certainly aided you thus far against similar issues. On the other, it was currently recharging. It was by the grace of the Emperor that you had more than but one tool in your arsenal, however.<br/>
<br/>
“Make way for the rapiers!”<br/>
<br/>
“Make way!”<br/>
<br/>
And then the tunnels were illuminated at rapid-fire by two rapier platforms firing in tandem. Eight heavy bolters fired at once, beating back the orks in volume and accuracy entirely. The noise was…considerable, and did not stop for a full sixty seconds, at which point the tunnel was almost entirely silent save for the groaning noises of a few somehow still barely alive greenskins.<br/>
<br/>
“Living ones on your side, Calus,” he heard one of the techmarines manning the rapiers say to the other.<br/>
<br/>
“That’s your side, Daedal.”<br/>
<br/>
“No, <i>that’s</i> my side, I took the left, you took the right, and then I swept right while you swept left.”<br/>
<br/>
“I started on the left while <i>you</i> took the right before I swept right while you swept left.”<br/>
<br/>
“That makes no sense! Why would we <i>both</i>,”<br/>
<br/>
“Techmarines,” Apollo growls as he strides to stand behind them, his voice just barely level. “Do you intend to stand here forever or to actually <i>advance</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
Immediately the platforms began to move, slightly faster than was necessary, as he stalked after them down the tunnel. Behind, you shared a bemused glance with Doukas as you begin to advance after them. A faint squeal of pain and following crunch marked the death of the few survivors of the rapier barrage, yet even that was obscured by the bickering techmarines as they gesticulated wildly from atop their platforms.<br/>
<br/>
“Look what you did! You made Diomedes-,”<br/>
<br/>
<i>“Me?! How could you-,”</i><br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Stage 1 Shinehole Results:</u><br/>
Shinehole Tunnel Beachheads Completely Secured. <br/>
Shinehole Space Theater Completely Secured.<br/>
Shinehole Tunnels 30% Cleared.<br/>
Significant Imperial Presence In ‘Shinehole Loot Piles’ Noted.<br/>
Shinehole Ork Leader Remains Unknown.<br/>
Notable Imperial Guard Casualties.<br/>
No Blood Raven Casualties Taken.<br/>
</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================​</div> <br/>
“BURN YOU VILE XENO SCUM, BUUUUUUUUUUURN!!!”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>Atop a pile of burning and charred corpses, Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum howled with rage as she slammed a flamefist into the face of the charging ork, turning to fire out a swirling gout of burning promethium into the face of another as it charged up the pile to get at her. All around, the Seraphim and Celestials fired into the approaching orks, while the sisters repentia screamed their death-curses and fell upon the enemy. The sounds of rockets firing heralded the arrival of yet more stormboyz, and in turn the seraphim ignited their own jump packs to take to the skies and face the greenskin threat where they flew. A raucous cheer coming from the orks dragged Margaret’s attention away from the latest ork be broken by fire and crackling powerfield, and where a massive ork with the darkest green skin she’d ever seen cut his way through a dozen sister repentia and stomp forward out of the trees.<br/>
<br/>
“So youz the burny humies wot been killin’ all me boyz, eh? Well den it’s time ya met da boss!”<br/>
<br/>
“And that’s you, <i>ork</i>?” she raised an eyebrow at the ork as it batted aside another charging repentia and three of its own xeno scum with its massive whirring chainaxe.<br/>
<br/>
“You don’t gotta know da name of Fistkicka, but you’ze gonna!” the Goff roared as it charged forward.<br/>
<br/>
“IN THE GOD-EMPEROR’S NAME!” the Canoness screamed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Greenkrump Dueling: Initiative<br/>
Margaret: 79<br/>
Fistkicka: 37</b><br/>
<br/>
The celestials scattered to the side beneath the ork’s charge, firing their weapons constantly regardless, but their leader stood her ground. The crackling powerfields of the flamefists seemed to spark with greater intensity as she aimed them to fire burning promethium spewed out into Fistkicka’s face.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fistkicka Attack: 63<br/>
Margaret Defense: 20</b><br/>
<br/>
The ork bellowed in rage but continued on regardless, a massive overhead swing slamming into the corpse pile beneath them. While the sister of battle stumbled slightly, a vibrating knife covered in a greenish powerfield cut out at her, slicing through her armor and the vulnerable flesh within, gaining in return a rictus gritting of teeth. Fistkicka felt the blood from her across his burning front and chuckled.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Margaret Response: 100<br/>
Fistkicka Defense: 65</b><br/>
<br/>
Margaret twisted her hip and uncoiled her arm in a strike to the ork’s jaw, the powerfield of the flamefist erupting as she did so. Bone snapped in the ork’s skull, one eye being mashed to pulp entirely while the other continued to melt like wax as the rest of Fistkicka’s front still burned. As Fistkicka stumbled, his chuckles cut off by pain and a broken jaw, she stepped forward again and slammed both flamefists into his side at once, sending him flying off of the corpse pile entirely to land several feet below. Leaping after him, she raised both fists and triggered twin concentrated streams of fire at a charging mega nob, scorching the vulnerable flesh still yet uncovered by its armor. The ork screamed, flailing in another direction, as she continued after the rising Fistkicka.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, you’ze a tough little humie, aintcha,” he growled before standing again, snorting deeply before spitting out a wad of blood and phlegm.<br/>
<br/>
Then he sniffed, and turned in her direction.<br/>
<br/>
“BUT I AIN’T DONE YET!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fistkicka Grapple Attempt: 14<br/>
Margaret Defense: 10</b><br/>
<br/>
The speed of the ork, even after the damage it had taken, managed to take Margaret by surprise. With stomping feet, unerringly toward her, the knife was dropped from one hand just in time to grab her by the wrist, sending the attempted new scorching flamer blast into the sky in a wild gout. Fistkicka chuckled again before slamming an elbow the size of a krak missile into her other arm, sending the flamefist’s burst into the jungle floor. Fistkicka, only then, opened his maw to reveal the sharpened steel<br/>
fangs within, and strained against the sister of battle’s faith-driven strength to lower it towards her. Dripping fat and melted green flesh fell on the jungle floor and on top of much of the Canoness’ armor.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Margaret Grapple Cancel Attempt: 97<br/>
Fistkicka Grapple Kill Attempt: 24</b><br/>
<br/>
Margaret snarled, and reared back her head as far as she could before ramming it into the bridge of Fistkicka’s burning nose. Her own hair, dyed white, was immediately set aflame as well, yet so too was Fistkicka forced to stumble back slightly in surprise as even more of his skull was broken. She reared back again, and slammed her head forward once more, and this time Fistkicka’s grip on her arms loosened slightly. It was enough. She ripped her arms free of the orks grip, and lifted them both up so that the nozzles on them faced Fistkicka directly.<br/>
<br/>
“In the name of the Emperor, <i>die</i> ork!” she cried aloud.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dem Snakebites Is Sneaky!<br/>
Slitherjaw Rescue: 76<br/>
</b><br/>
The stomping was barely heard in time, the sounds of battle across the entire clearing and throughout the jungle around them canceling most any attempt at specificity. But the rumbling across the ground was more clear. Margaret turned and had enough time to swear again before the squiggoth swung its head in one ponderous swing and slammed into her with one of its protruding tusks, sending her flying over ten yards away. Atop the howling squiggoth, another massive ork covered in purple and blue paint chortled as it raised a spear high in the sky.<br/>
<br/>
“Oy, Fistkicka, you almost got zogged, haha! Good thing ol’ Slitherjaw was here, eh?”<br/>
<br/>
Fistkicka growled as he furiously wiped off the remains of the flesh on his face leaving exposed muscle and bone behind.<br/>
<br/>
“Shaddup, I had ‘er where I wanted ‘er!”<br/>
<br/>
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Seraphim Delivery!<br/>
Seraphim Rolled: 92.<br/>
Margaret Landing: 65.<br/>
Squiggoth Avoidance: 11.</b><br/>
<br/>
Both turned to look – or at least in the direction of the sound, in Fistkicka’s case – as two seraphim flying through the sky dropped their hastily gathered payload, a screaming Margaret. She landed – fists first – directly on top of the squiggoth’s back, smashing into the houdah which had been placed there. The various snakebites present were either knocked aside or just beginning to right themselves when she stood up again, the squiggoth reeling in pain from the attack on its spinal cord.<br/>
<br/>
“You! The Emperor’s Will guides me, ork, your pathetic creature is nothing to Him!”<br/>
<br/>
Slitherjaw’s ugly face grew uglier as his precious animal was insulted, raising his spear high.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, you’ze gonna pay for dat one, you flamey bint!”<br/>
<br/>
From below, Fistkicka called up.<br/>
<br/>
“Oy! Lemme up dere, I ain’t finished with ‘er yet!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Margaret Tackle Attempt: 73<br/>
Slitherjaw Murder Attempt: 1<br/>
</b><br/>
The zealot’s charge brought her across the entire houdah, swinging out her flamefists periodically with the eruption of its power fields sending the snakebites atop flying. In turn, Slitherjaw threw the first of his spears, and then the next, only for one to be knocked aside and the second ducked under. With a roll of his eyes, he pulled the axe on his hip free and held it at the ready.<br/>
<br/>
“Yeah yeah, all roight, I get it, yer flamey and angry and-hurk!”<br/>
<br/>
“DIE!”<br/>
<br/>
Margaret’s last steps turned into a coiled jump as she tackled Slitherjaw off of his houdah, and off of his squiggoth entirely. The beast’s eyes tracked its master as he fell, raising its head up slightly in time for Slitherjaw’s back to be punctured and stabbed through by its massive pointed tusk, shearing the ork in two almost completely as Margaret’s weight was added to the ork, pressed close in a mockery of a lover’s embrace.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Margaret Survival: 80<br/>
Slitherjaw Survival: 15 </b><br/>
<br/>
As Slitherjaw wheezed his last, his lungs now thoroughly separated from his body – along with the rest of his organs, Margaret fell onto the ground, a side of her armor heavily impacted and cracked from where the tusk had rammed along it. Her hair, still on fire, had begun to fall out, while the white fur of a snowbeast killed in the ice fields of Tevalia. With a grunt, she leaned down, scooping up a large handful of jungle floor soaked in the blood of a fallen sister and let it cascade over her head, snuffing the flame instantly. Then her gaze snapped to a charging Fistkicka who had given up verbal sparring for the last combat he might ever have.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fistkicka Blinded Assault: 24<br/>
Margaret Defense: 82</b><br/>
<br/>
This time, she punched the chainaxe that two grown men would struggle to even lift aside, breaking it entirely. With her other flamefist, she rammed an uppercut up into Fistkicka’s now obliterated jaw, breaking up through thoroughly bruised flesh and heavily broken bone, directly into the underside of the ork’s brain case. There, the powerfield erupted once more, and the upper half of the ork’s head was exploded just as well.<br/>
<br/>
Fistkicka’s headless cadaver fell to its knees slowly before falling to its side. Just as slowly, Margaret turned, cracking her neck, and faced the squiggoth which had seen it’s master fall, and violently so. It’s giant piggish eyes squinted at her, and the beast finally roared at her, deciding on angry slaughter to be the appropriate response. Margaret’s response was to scream right back, and go running at it.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Anti-Squiggoth Combat<br/>
Squiggoth: 55<br/>
Margaret: 50<br/>
</b><br/>
A heavy swing of its tusks brought only a miss, while an attempted wild punch swung wildly through only air. The distance had been closed, at the least, allowing more immediately deadly combat to take place.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Squiggoth: 57<br/>
Margaret: 91</b><br/>
<br/>
A hunching of the creature’s legs betrayed its intentions, and before its snaking poison-covered tongue could wrap around her, or its jaws able to bite down and swallow her up, Margaret had leapt for the left tusk itself and found purchase. Then, grasping it with one hand, she gathered her legs under her and leapt again, this time punching a fist into the exposed naval cavalry with one flamefist and grabbing one of its folds of flesh with the other. Blood and erupted flesh splashed out beneath the crackling weapons, all the while Margaret muttered a prayer to the Emperor.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shaking Squiggoth: 40<br/>
Margaret Climbing: 60<br/>
</b><br/>
The squiggoth panicked, as any creature would when part of its head disappeared with a punch. As the beast began to shudder and shake, rolling its head back and forth at high speed, knocking aside many in the battlefield or killing some outright while stomping about, Margaret climbed. Occasionally she paused to point and shoot out another blast of flame at the monster’s eyes, only panicking it further as it broke trees and bodies apart in its crazed and now blinded charging.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Final Blows: 68<br/>
</b><br/>
Once finding enough of a proper purchase, requiring another punch and explosion of flesh, Margaret began to punch down again….and again….and again. The flamefists were triggered constantly, draining the promethium on the tanks she held entirely, as she went, until the pained squiggoth’s skull was broken open and fire licked at its brain. She continued to punch, until there was enough of an opening so that she could use both fists at once. The brains of the squiggoth were smashed to pulp, the skull around it, until she burst from the then fallen creature’s forehead in a wash of gore and fire as its corpse caught flame.<br/>
<br/>
“News, my sisters?” was the first thing she said to the approaching celestians and seraphim.<br/>
<br/>
“The hordes of Fistkicka and Slitherjaw are broken. Infighting has already begun within their groups, and they have begun fighting each other as well. Your plan…was a success,” one celestial shook her head slowly, “Despite my reservations.”<br/>
<br/>
“You should have had more faith in the God-Emperor,” Margaret grunted as she pressed a finger to her side, feeling the broken bones within.<br/>
<br/>
“I have faith in Him,” the celestial loomed over her, gaze inscrutable within the helm, “It is stunts like that,” the celestial pointed to the fallen squiggoth, “That I have my concerns with.”<br/>
<br/>
Then the celestial turned away, and started shouting at the seraphim.<br/>
<br/>
“Which of you idiots dragged her up into the skies and dropped her like a sack of potatos?!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Cunnin' Brutality<br/>
88<br/>
<br/>
Imperial Navy Defense: 8<br/>
Ork Assault: 36<br/>
Ork Reinforcements: 65<br/>
Converging Ork Fleets: 80</b><br/>
<br/>
An eruption in the skies interrupted the lambasting, and the Order of the Lost Rosetta stared at once in the skies above where the completely clear skies showed exploding Imperial Navy ships. Ork ships rumbled their way out of the warp, and one cruiser which had come close to provide orbital fire was cracked in three pieces as an orkish ship rammed directly through it. The flaming debris fell down towards the jungle, and the sisters of battle turned to a growling Margaret Tenenbaum who had elected to thusly ignore her injuries at the moment in the Emperor’s name.<br/>
<br/>
“Call everyone together. Now.” She hissed, her heart almost torn in two at the sight of so many faithful to the God-Emperor dying to the orkish fleet. “Go!”<br/>
<br/>
As the Lost Rosetta began to marshal themselves, calls going out across the jungle as they organized a retreat, Margaret stared up at the sky. The battle appeared to have begun intensifying, more and more ork ships showing up out of the immaterium to attack the Navy. Another cruiser fell, and she cursed, until finally some of the ships began to wink out of the materium. The Imperial Navy retreated, and Margaret stared up into the stars which were now quite filled with orkish leering faces on the fronts of their ships. Smoke-spewing shuttles and outright large rocks fell out of their bellies, heading towards the jungle itself.<br/>
<br/>
“Cowards,” she tossed her considerably burnt hair and marched away. “And will someone tell the Guard to link up with us already!? We’ll need the Catachans they have to help us prepare for the enemy!"<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Stage 1 Greenkrump Results:</u><br/>
Boss Slitherjaw (Snakebites) dead.<br/>
Boss Fistkicka (Goffs) dead. <br/>
Imperial Navy forced into a fighting retreat from Greenkrump. <br/>
Orks possess total orbital superiority. Ork ‘Killa-team’ Packs Currently Consolidated Over Greenkrump!<br/>
Order of the Lost Rosetta and Imperial Guard left on Greenkrump!<br/>
Orks landing new forces on Greenkrump to hunt Lost Rosetta and Imperial Guard.</b><br/>
<br/>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Estimated Naval Presences Across System" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Estimated Naval Presences Across System said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b>Greenkrump</b><br/>
- 4 Hammer Battlekroozer<br/>
- 19 Kill Kroozers<br/>
- 12 Onslaught Attack Ships<br/>
- 20 Savage Gunships<br/>
- 3 Ravager Attack Ships<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
- 1 Emperor-class Battleship<br/>
- 3 Overlord-class Battlecruisers<br/>
- 2 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
- 10 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 13 Escorts (x10 Firestorm, x3 Cobra)<br/>
- 4 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
- 5 Looted Battleships (x2 Retribution-class, x2 Oberon-class, x1 Apocalypse-class [Flagship Vessel])<br/>
- 4 Looted Battlecruisers (x3 Overlord-class, x1 Mars-class)<br/>
- 10 Kill Kroozers [Strike Cruiser Hull Suspected In Usage For A Kill Kroozer Present]<br/>
- 10 Onslaught Attack Ships, 5 Terror Ships<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
- 1 Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
- 5 Dictator-class Cruisers<br/>
- 7 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 19 Escorts (x7 Cobra, x7 Sword, x5 Firestorm)<br/>
- 5 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
- 1st Company Fleet<br/>
- 4th Company Fleet
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b><u>Current Plans For Stage Two Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One/Do Not <i>Need</i> To Head To Every Theater At Once]:</u></b>​</div> <br/>
<b>Greenkrump</b><br/>
[] Attempt To On The Ground: The Order of the Lost Rosetta and the Imperial Guard have been left behind on Greenkrump as the Imperial Navy was forced into retreat. Their current status is unknown, though the fact that the orks are currently deploying forces down to the world speaks to their continued existence. Your ships could attempt to brave the enemy and deploy troops, though they will certainly risk destruction in the progress and would have to retreat immediately afterwards. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Take The Sky: The Imperial Navy is currently concentrated over Dustboom and Shinehole, unsure of how to proceed. The danger is whether or not the orks might move out from over Greenkrump and attack the worlds that they move out from after the Imperial Navy leaves. You, however, could try to make an attempt. It would not be the easiest of combat, especially considering the forces on-hand, but if you are able to properly board the enemy ships you could potentially take down the orks. This would be, of course, an extremely dangerous course. They would need significant forces with them to make the required mass-boarding actions on-hand, for you could not match the enemy in flat void combat due to their sheer numbers. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
-[] Continued Crushing: The Imperial Guard has taken a beating on Dustboom, but has delivered it in turn. Quality and quantity have turned the tide against the orks, pushing them back across the planet and opening up new avenues of attack. Even so, there yet remain plenty more orks running about in the wasteland, exploding out of mek shops hidden in scrap heaps or rolling out from the mountains, and more. They must be destroyed. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[] Destroy Orbital Defenses: With the Imperial Guard pushing the orks back currently, even considering the casualties they've taken, the Blood Ravens might turn to more specific courses of action. With concerted pushes, certain orbital guns might be reached, their defenses punched through, and destroyed soon afterward. Once this is done, ships might take better positions, and provide more accurate auspex scanning, orbital fire, and more to the forces on the planet. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
[] Attempted Infiltration: You do not possess nearly the firepower required to break the ork fleet which hangs over Spinesnap, but you could attempt to at least temporarily draw their ire so that some troops might be inserted onto the planet itself to begin fighting against the orks on the planet itself. This would open them to the risk of orkish orbital bombardment, however. On the other hand, the information they could learn about Bonebreaka could be valuable for the rest of the fight.<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Wait: You are not yet strong enough to face this foe in open battle, but if you were able to aid the Imperials across the rest of the system they might gather their own strength enough to take the fight to the enemy here instead.<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
[] Further Into The Dark: The beachheads have held, and the Imperial Guard is now pushing through with far greater success, their hearts emboldened by success. The orks are only fighting harder, however, using some of the most advanced weaponry you've ever experienced amongst their kind, and machines as well in the tunnels. But the majority of caverns are still held by the enemy.  [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Overall Theater:</b><br/>
[] Attempt To Marshal: The Imperial Navy has become paralyzed by indecision. If they consolidated themselves from either Shinehole or Dustboom over the other, and then moved on Greenkrump, they could definitely take down the enemy there. However, at the same time, if they left, then the ork fleets at Spinesnap or Greenkrump might attack the worlds they just left and enact the issue over Greenkrump anew elsewhere. You could attempt to convince the Navy to do this regardless - though this would not cancel out the risk of Warboss Bonebreaka moving his fleet out again and tearing apart your ships if left behind, or crushing the forces left on the planets alone.<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Something Else: (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================<br/>​</div>“Thank you, oh Red Raven Lords, thank you,” the king gasped out, tears in his eyes, as the titan of the stars marched past him.<br/>
<br/>
All around them, the populace of the city wept or cheered…or both, as the Blood Ravens passed. Their mighty column of strange metal beasts rumbled as they passed, while from the stars above came meteors bearing the mark of the Red Raven Lords. The kings of the skies, who served the Star Emperor, and yet they had come here! For so long, they had taken heart in the knowledge that the worthy youths had gone up into the stars above to fight at the Star Emperor’s side. It was acceptable, even if it burned in the minds of some to know that these valuable lives were not fighting the Green Menace. But now, for the first time in centuries, they had spoken! Spoken to the people, and not just the kings and those who arrived for the Great Trials!<br/>
<br/>
“Open the gate,” one of their two leaders said to the king, his one red eye gleaming with malice for the enemy, while the heavily scarred one next to him nodded as well.<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you, thank you...,” the king said again.<br/>
<br/>
In the depths of his heart, he was afraid, in truth. Open the gates? Allow the orks to see their target open to them? It seemed the height of foolishness. But he could not deny them. The last king who had tried that, in a city long retaken by the jungle over a thousand years ago, had been slain so violently his very name had been stricken from the histories. He could not refuse them. The great rumblings to the east spoke of their wrath being unleashed upon Pacemen. The astronomers said that their vast sky carriages spat down true and unyielding hell unto the orks, with enough light that he had to order them to cease looking after four men were rendered blind. Yet as the great gates began to swing open, to cries of jubilation from the orks, he felt afraid.<br/>
<br/>
Then the Red Raven Lords walked out, and faced the teeming hordes without fear.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Deployed Defenses vs. Feral Orks<br/>
20 vs. 80<br/>
10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Hunting Feral Orks<br/>
11 vs. 1<br/>
5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Running Down Feral Orks<br/>
61 vs. 9</b><br/>
<br/>
Afterwards, the king had learned <i>true</i> fear. Before was but a droplet of unease compared to the carnage unleashed. Spirits trapped in metal roared their anger, and the orks died. The Red Raven Lords disappeared into the jungles, and the orks died. The metal carriage-beasts ground into the jungle, and the orks died. The piles of dead orks were high enough, large enough, numerous enough to make him void his bowels as he walked among them. All night and all day explosions were heard out of the jungle, as they watched from the walls of the citadel-city. Occasionally they would return, the Crimson-Eyed Lord and the Scarred King, only to leave soon after. The Scarred King was kinder, and extoled their virtue in surviving and fighting and living their lives. The Crimson-Eyed Lord spoke little, and when he did, one always left quieter in one’s soul. The orks died in greater droves than they ever had. None of the great Crusades fought to reclaim the jungles and push back across the Black Archipelago had killed so many, and so quickly. Once, he even saw the Crimson-Eyed Lord stand steadfast against a rampaging squiggoth, as his forces dropped their swords and shields and ran, ran for safety. Yet he simply raised his hand, and the ground itself collapsed beneath the beast, bringing it to its knees. There, another raised finger, and a dozen cracks in the air seconded like muted thunder, and the beast was dead, its suddenly empty eye-sockets weeping openly.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Bombardment Against Zero Defenses Or Danger!<br/>
Blood Raven Operators: 92</b><br/>
<br/>
The Angels of Death had come to Trontiux III.<br/>
<br/>
The feral orks of the world had no defense against orbital bombardment. No spear they could throw could possibly harm the thunderhawks as they delivered endless bombing runs upon them. Vast amounts of ordinance were exhausted, as bomb after bomb after bomb was dropped upon the continent of Pacemen. The hills were cracked open and reduced to broken glass, the jungle burning over the entire continent from the sheer fury unleashed upon them from the skies. Shamans howled to their bestial Gods for aid, but there was nothing to be found. Even their strongest psyker shields collapsed as the bombardment cannons of the fleet above fired upon them. Ork holds that had lasted for over a century were turned to craters, piles of scrap and leather burnt to molten slag. Masses of fleeing orks were brought down, as seemingly invulnerable gunships rose up near them, firing off with every weapon they possessed to reduce entire hordes to slurry.<br/>
<br/>
Even the mighty Orkeosaurus was nothing here. As close to a bio-titan as the orks had ever been able to breed in recent known history, they suffered the most. Their impossibly thick hides and powerful physiology allowed them to survive the initial attacks. They screamed in pain amidst the charred corpses of their caretakers and breeders, reduced to nothing but ash, until the bombardment cannons in orbit fired again. Thunderhawks spent extensive amounts of fuel simply flying back up to the ships and resupplying ammo banks before returning into the atmosphere. All the while, the orks threw spears or ran for cover. But there was none to be found. A once vast and lush jungle was being transformed into a blasted cratered land.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Stage 1 Trontiux III Results</u><br/>
<b>All Orkeosaurus Breeding Grounds On Pacemen Destroyed.<br/>
Tremendous Culling To Orks On Petramis Complete. <br/>
Due To Presence Of Multiple Static Defenses, Orks Retreat From Citadel-Cities.<br/>
Pacemen Orks Have Sustained Immense Casualties, All Ork Holds/Watch Posts/Forts Eradicated. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Current Plans For Stage Two Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One]:</b>​</div><b>Petramis</b>:<br/>
[] Continued Culling - Orks still teem within the jungles, despite your efforts. A continuous and concerted effort will be required to properly cull them. The bloody work must continue.  [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
[] Taking The Plateaus Back - The orks have been completely forced back from the cities. The greater threat now are the claimed plateaus where citadel-cities once stood. These must be cleansed, if not to be reclaimed later then at least to destroy what they protect. As a reminder, orbital strikes on the plateaus is extensively not recommended by records, for it would surely destroy the plateaus and weaken humanities presence on the planet near-permanently.<br/>
-[] Citadel A's Ork Hold has completed construction, and is as full of orks as ever, and more so now that orks from Pacemen have fled from across the Black Archipelago. It is now currently the most heavily fortified ork position left on Trontiux III able to be seen from space. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
-[] Citadel B's defenses have grown in number. This largely takes the place as more orks, who have spears and such to throw. Wounded animals able to be recovered from the fighting are resting here, while one Orkeosaurus remains here. Multiple squiggoths of both large and gargantuan varieties - i.e. battle tank sized and Imperial Knight heights. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
-[] Citadel C's orks have actually spread thoroughly out into the jungle, though a good number of them remain here. Initial auspex scans indicate that they are still in the area around Citadel C, but not on the plateau itself.<br/>
[] Fury From The Skies - For too long have the orks of this world assumed the sky held no major threat for them. It is time to change that. While orbital bombardments are not recommended lest the plateaus be collapsed or something similar, more concentrated and skillfully delivered bombing runs and targeted airstrikes could tear apart enemy positions across Petramis. This would allow you to obliterate the orks upon the plateaus, possibly creating the opportunity to claim them for yourself in at least some temporary measure as FOBs. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Black Archipelago:</b><br/>
[] Take And Hold - From the skies, rain down destruction upon the various bridges connecting the islands and continents, and then deliver drop pods amongst the islands to scourge them of the greenskins upon them. In this manner, this vital choke-point between the two continents can be defended, potentially reinforced, and allow the feudal humans a way to strike back in the future. Just as well, fortifications built upon these islands will ensure that the orks will have a visible target to attack, and thus to die against. With the sheer damage dealt to Pacemen, many orks are fleeing across the Black Archipelago to get over to Petramis. This will mean that taking and holding the islands will be notably more difficult, by sheer numbers if nothing else. [Write-In Forces Contributed To This Action]<br/>
[] Obliteration - For too long has the Black Archipelago provided a passage point for the orks to arrive in Petramis. It must be dealt with, and here there is no worry of catastrophic geological damage. Initiate continual orbital bombardment and burn these islands out of existence. In the future, it will require that the orks travel to Petramis by sea, and there will be no main central funnel for them to travel across meaning that their arrivals would be more spread out, but in the immediate moment this will greatly aid in the current culling of the orks. The people of the world can adapt to the circumstances later on, with a hopefully much reduced orkish population. <b>Black Archipelago destroyed. Orks will require alternate passage to arrive on Petramis in the future. </b><br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pacemen</b><br/>
[] Fear The Skies - Every major settlement and base has been destroyed by this point, their breeding grounds brought to ruin. However, plenty of orks remain here, either trying to put out the fires raging across the jungle or heading across the Black Archipelago. Those that remain must be killed as well. This is not merely a push back against the orks here. No. This is a culling! Besides which, the Black Archipelago could only sustain light orbital bombardment before collapsing, and enough has been said about the certain side-effects to Petramis as well. Here, the ships can continue to fire.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)</div>
  </body>
</html>