<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>015.M42 Through 020.M42 Interlude: Silence and Infinity</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>015.M42 Through 020.M42 Interlude: Silence and Infinity</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>015.M42 Through 020.M42 Interlude: Silence and Infinity</b>​</div> <br/>
The C’tan…still lived. Those that remained at the least. If accepting the ruination of their bodies, minds, and souls was regarded by some as the absolute worst mistake that had ever been made by his people in return for what was more than just a flawed immortality, those that granted it being put in the position to do so was what he regarded as a mistake even higher in grade of horror. One that he had once fought against, had struggled against, but in truth knew in the end that it was at his hands that the pact had been made. Only when he had truly seen what he had wrought in bitterness and foolish hope had he truly understood. It was that understanding that had led him first to his wanderings, it was that understanding that had made him abandon his peoples. By necessity, and in truth because he knew that he did not deserve to rule over them.<br/>
<br/>
But then…he had discovered <i>it</i>.<br/>
<br/>
The Devourer. The Endless Hunger. By many names and more, though the most well-known by virtue of those who said it being one of the most numerous in a galaxy that they had once ruled, was the tyranids. He had seen them for what they truly were, in a greater scope than none in the galaxy but he had seen, even the so-vaunted powers of the eldar. He had seen the vast sun-thick cables of organic matter that could eclipse worlds and worlds and worlds. Watched as a rogue planet that had spent thousands of years flying freely in the void be eaten not in the course of several months after a failed desperate battle as he had observed throughout the time since his return, but in mere moments. His single vessel could not have stopped it, surely not.<br/>
<br/>
So he returned, and found a galaxy entranced with ever more conflict and chaos. Anarchy breaking down across a dozen alien empires that he passed by in silence as their citizens went mad, souls bending and breaking underneath the forces that were being unleashed upon what some would term the immaterium, others the warp. In those times he deeply regretted the severing of the control protocols…but in the end still felt it was the right decision to make. Besides which, he had already seen that some were leading in a way that he could not, not any longer. That was not to say that he had none who would follow him, of course.<br/>
<br/>
Never again would he command the legions and dynasties as he had once in the past, but he did not need to. Not at the moment. Perhaps that would change later. Perhaps he would not need it to.<br/>
<br/>
But in this, on this day, he did not come to battle that menace before his people could rise to true prominence once more. He had come here today, with those that would still follow him, not stripped of free will but of their own as befitting what his people should possess and not what he had forced upon them. It was a mighty force nonetheless, and supplemented further by one who had come to him not out of an enslaved mind but merely because he agreed with what his own purpose had become. Where once there had been the Silent King, now there was but he, and the Traveler.<br/>
<br/>
“There is lies,” he lifted one achingly metallic finger, so bereft of flesh, and pointed out the target before them.<br/>
<br/>
“Then we shall do what we must,” the Traveler bowed his own head.<br/>
<br/>
All protocols. Not that of the machines, but of honor, of blood, and yes, of flesh. That some still held to them would have been heartening if he had a heart anymore. In truth, by circuitry and code could he have communicated, but he still elected to speak. Silent too long, he refused to be silent any longer when the very existence of his people was at risk. So here, now, had they come.<br/>
<br/>
“We have been detected,” Anrakyr murmured, for it was in fact his very vessel and fleet that had provided transport for what forces that Szarekh had been able to marshal beneath him. “They cannot stand against us.”<br/>
<br/>
It was just as well, that even in this short amount of time that had been filled with so much destruction of the Tomb Worlds that the true strength of the necrons had not been unleashed fully excepting a few small instances. This, now, as they plunged their necrodermis ships through a great cloud of primitively constructed metal and weaponry that was both touched by the warp and not, worked to their favor. Dozens of vessels that if they had concentrated fire would have been able to stop them had they properly utilized the firepower available to them did not do so. Surprisingly it was the forces of the ‘Imperium’ that recognized them better, yet they were too busy being put into retreat for them to be worth bothering.<br/>
<br/>
They were not the enemy this day. Neither was the ‘Chaos’ warlord who called himself the Despoiler.<br/>
<br/>
The true enemy, was the eldest foe of all his people. Not the Old Ones, no, he was too old and too wizened and too <i>soulless</i> to feel any true anger towards those lost beings. Nor the eldar. No, it was the true foe of his people, those that he had once bargained with…and lost. When he had learned of the release of some of their shards, he had despaired. Machines and tesseracts failing despite redundancy after redundancy. No doubt they even now had begun searching each other out. There were others, those few that he had failed to rend to pieces, and he could not abide his people not possessing the correct weapons to face them.<br/>
<br/>
The C’tan.<br/>
<br/>
In truth, was little that his husk could feel, in these dark and cold days, but his shame and rage for all things involving them was still there. As ghosts in the back of his mind, but they were there. Reminders of what had been lost, what still might not ever be regained. The tyranids had to be defeated before they stripped the galaxy of flesh for the necron to re-inhabit once more, but the C’tan needed to be prepared for should his people fail. No doubt they could once more rip what little free will that his people possessed. Those who had been rendered utterly mindless surely, other Lords and Overlords…he could not risk it.<br/>
<br/>
He had heard the names of what they called the weapons, and he did not care. It was useful only for them. Weapons they were, and weapons he needed. The other had been tainted, corrupted, the ancient taste and feel of what had filled it long-recognizable on the vastly superior technologies that even the strained vessels that Anrakyr possessed. Which was why he had not pursued it, only giving the thought of it to one who would surely desire it beyond imagining. Hence why, as they dived towards their prize, he could feel through his connection to the ship of the much vaster vessels plunging through the forces of ‘Chaos’ and ‘Imperium’ alike.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh my <i>goodness</i>,” he felt the lilting voice of his erstwhile ‘ally’ burst into his mind.<br/>
<br/>
If he had the ability to feel irritation, then that man would be one capable of inflicting it.<br/>
<br/>
“It is just as you said, oh King,” he heard him speak again, “So powerful, yes, and unique <i>besides!</i>”<br/>
<br/>
It didn’t matter, what mattered was the one that was less tainted and more useful to his purposes.<br/>
<br/>
“Phasing now.”<br/>
<br/>
He wished he could feel the transition, but instead all he got was the flash of green and the odd not-sensations of his systems realigning as he dipped out of reality and back into it again. He wished that the hot rush of combat would return to him, but even as he listened to the surprised screams of the humans before him before they were cut down by immortals and warriors alike, he felt nothing. Forever to be reminded of his mistake, to be locked in it as a prison of mind and body. But perhaps his state was also a blessing, in that he could not fall upon such things as a crutch as organics could. Instead he forged forward.<br/>
<br/>
Studded craters appeared in his chest, but the necrodermis was already flowing to heal it. In the meantime, from his staff blasted out green lightning, and it flensed the armor of the horned ‘marine’ before him to send the supposedly ancient warrior’s body flying in two directions. For all that he had seen the Blood Angels fight, they at least could display honor. The slavering creature with its odd little axe? Less deserving of his attention, much less his contempt.<br/>
<br/>
All throughout the station, forces teleported in. Forces bearing the sigils of a dozen and more dynasties were present, many belonging to Anrakyr and yet more belonging to him. For all that they had come, the bargain was that many of those who had arrived would not be leaving with him and would instead joint the traveler in his own crusade. Which, to be fair, he could respect.<br/>
<br/>
“BLOOD FOR THE BL-HURK!” he reached out and punched his fist through the chest of one of the charging mongrels, ripping out not just its hearts but much of its internal organs. Then he stomped his foot down onto the head and pulped it entirely.<br/>
<br/>
For a brief moment, he stilled, and felt as some warriors fell but many more poured through, both on this place and the other in the distance. It was…something, at the least. On the outside, the dancing ships of his people tore through and destroyed the ships of any and all who dared to approach. That many of them belonged to those who declared themselves against the monstrous creatures of the warp, he did not particularly care too much. If anything, he would prefer that they be spending more of their strength stopping the tyranids…but then that was likely because he knew that the necron were more than capable of bringing an end to Chaos if required – as it likely would be.<br/>
<br/>
His people’s pylons on ‘Cadia’ more than proved that point.<br/>
<br/>
“Silent King,” Anrakyr spoke, joining him and now covered from head to metal toe in the blood of his enemies, “We have taken control of the station.”<br/>
<br/>
“The controlling artifacts?”<br/>
<br/>
“Their connection has been severed, for now. If we wish to maintain that situation, then we must move them. Now.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh what fun this will be,” the third of their makeshift triarchy spoke up again, “I shall give it a prized place in my collection! Though I’ll have to remove these pylons of course. It looks a bit…studded with them, at the moment.”<br/>
<br/>
Without a single communication to any force whatsoever, the necrons turned, and began to depart. Massive cairn-class vessels blocked the way of any who attempted to stop them, while darting shrouds and scythes danced in and out to strike out faster and smaller targets. The pylon system, ‘Of the lamented and lost Dynasties of the past’ which had been brought forth after much convincing from deep within the vaults of the one who called himself Infinite, prevented any and all present from teleporting through the warp, and did its own part in reducing the power of their otherwise powerful psychic rituals and powers from working as well.<br/>
<br/>
Yet some warriors had been lost permanently, to his faintly felt regret. One or two ships as well had fallen under the sheer infuriated firepower of the one who they had reclaimed the weapons from. Stolen would imply that the mongrel primitive had been deserving of ownership in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
“Trayzn, your pylon cordon…,” he suddenly said, watching through the scanning systems of the Traveler’s flagship.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, do not worry, oh King, I see it. Why, it reminds me of an exquisite tesseract labyrinth I possess, captured in stasis at the perfect moment of failure…but I shall not allow it to occur here.”<br/>
<br/>
It was one thing for one of the shards of the C’tan to tear apart the machinery built to contain them. It was wholly another for creatures or powers of the warp to tear through what his people had built. Even so, he watched with what might have been concern as yet more pylons were released from the underbelly of Trayzn’s flagship that joined the masterfully crafted pylon system present, more than enough for containment, he realized. For all that he blustered, and wandered, and sounded absentminded, when it came to truly <i>unique</i> prizes, the Infinite would go to great lengths to keep them secure.<br/>
<br/>
But now they had them. Now they would learn to use them beyond simple propulsion and dragging them along behind and alongside their ships. They would learn them, and use them, for he knew well that the C’tan were not done with his people if they had their way. He had heard the tales of some escaping, shards disappearing into the unknown. They still did not know for certain the location of some of those who had not been rent to pieces. Yet these weapons…built for striking out at things such as they, and his own people to boot. Did it abhor him to use technologies that were built for such a purpose as eradicating his people? No. Not when they could be turned to his own usage. The C’tan…were not done with his people, he knew. He could feel it, to use a human phrase, in his bones.<br/>
<br/>
Mag'ladroth, who had been unsundered.<br/>
<br/>
Mephet'ran, who he knew had yet many shards unbound and free to work their foul deeds.<br/>
<br/>
Yggra’nya, released by those who knew not what they did.<br/>
<br/>
Aza'Gorod, of whom he had already heard many a tale of shards rending those around them to pieces and disappearing.<br/>
<br/>
There were others.<br/>
<br/>
But he was the Silent King, yet silent no longer.<br/>
<br/>
And he would be ready for them.</div>
  </body>
</html>