<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter Characteristics/Deeds/Specialists</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter Characteristics/Deeds/Specialists</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><u>Special Blood Raven Gene-Seed Characteristics:</u><br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">It is unknown why, but larger than average numbers of marines of this Chapter often manifest psyker abilities, many of whom begin doing so after Gene-Seed implantation. Blood Raven Librarians are furthermore more powerful on average than their counterparts in other Chapters alongside their higher than average numbers. This has led to long term widespread mistrust and constant allegations of mutations, corrupted implants, and other things of vitriolic nature towards the Chapter from multiple sources.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Minor Mutation - Catalepsian Node [Stage 6 Implant]: Manifestation of Eidetic Memory. Inability to experience REM sleep.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Other than the above two, the gene-seed of the Blood Ravens is remarkably pure and stable, despite rumors to the otherwise.</li>
</ol><u>Average Chapter Characteristics</u><br/>
Weapon Skill: 5<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 6<br/>
Strength: 5<br/>
Toughness: 6<br/>
Agility: 5<br/>
Intelligence: 6<br/>
Perception: 7<br/>
Willpower: 8<br/>
Fellowship: 6<br/>
<br/>
<u>Average Chapter Veteran Characteristics</u><br/>
Weapon Skill: 5<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 6<br/>
Strength: 6<br/>
Toughness: 7<br/>
Agility: 5<br/>
Intelligence: 7<br/>
Perception: 8<br/>
Willpower: 9<br/>
Fellowship: 8<br/>
<br/>
Explanation of Various Skills/Characteristics<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Weapon Skill</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents the capability to connect blows with a melee weapon.<br/>
<br/>
WS-0: Completely Untrained<br/>
WS-2: Moderately Drilled, Imperial Guardsman Minimum Standard<br/>
WS-4: Hardened Warrior, Space Marine Average<br/>
WS-6: Talented Swordsman, Eldar Aspect Warrior<br/>
WS-8: Unparalleled Blademaster, Eldar Exarch<br/>
WS-10: Legend of the Blade, Gain Legendary Weapon Skill[<br/>
<br/>
At WS-10, a swordsman will forge his own legend, and cut into the pages of history with the edge of his blade. Once a character reaches Rating 10 in Weapon Skill, he will attain Legendary Weapon Skill, and gain a Legendary Perk that will resonate with their style of combat.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Examples</u>:<br/>
Commissar Ciaphas Cain, Hero of the Imperium:<i> Reluctant Shield of Liberation</i>: Gain bonuses when on the defensive, ignore penalties to parrying attacks from multiple opponents.<br/>
<br/>
Lord Commander Cervan Dante, The Old Angel: <i>Final Champion of Eternity</i>: Ignore penalties when wielding axes, gain bonuses when dueling enemy champions, gain additional bonuses when dueling monstrous creatures.<br/>
<br/>
Apollo, Forlorn Hero: <i>Bitter Blooded Champion </i>- Automatically hits all Non-Hero units, damage dealt and skill checks receive no malus regardless of injuries sustained. Critical damage increased.)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Ballistic Skill</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents the capability to accurately shoot a target with projectiles and energy discharges.<br/>
<br/>
BS-0: Completely Untrained<br/>
BS-2: Moderately Drilled, Imperial Guard Minimum Standard<br/>
BS-4: Well-Drilled Gunner, Space Marine Average<br/>
BS-6: Sharpshooter, Imperial Guard Sniper Minimum Standard<br/>
BS-8: Master Sniper, Space Marine Designated Marksman<br/>
BS-10: Legendary Marksman, Gain Legendary Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
At BS-10, a marksman will carve his own passage into the annals of history, one shot at a time. Once a character reaches Rating 10 in Ballistic Skill, he will attain Legendary Ballistic Skill, and gain a Legendary Perk that will resonate most with their style of shooting.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Examples</u>:<br/>
Vindicare Temple Assassin/Watch Commander Vergilius Rios: Accuracy Without Distance: Ignore range penalties with any weapon. With a Sniper Rifle, double maximum range, gain an additional roll for the purposes of confirming a critical hit, inflict additional critical hit damage on Named Characters and instantly kill everything else.<br/>
<br/>
Kasmr Gough: Metal Storm of Death: Ignore recoil penalties with automatic and heavy weapons. With a Heavy Bolter, inflict double the attacks for no penalty. With a Lascannon, gain an additional roll for the purposes of confirming a critical hit. With a Plasma Cannon, double blast radius. With a Multi-Melta, double range. With a Missile Launcher, double range and fire rate.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Strength</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents the amount of force that may be exerted.<br/>
<br/>
S-0: Sickly, Unable to move under own power<br/>
S-2: Reasonably Fit, Imperial Guard Minimum Standard<br/>
S-4: Strong, Space Marine Minimum Standard<br/>
S-6: Very Strong, May Carry Crew-Serve Weaponry Single-Handedly<br/>
S-8: Mighty, May Lift Vehicles for Short Periods<br/>
S-10: Arms of the Emperor, Gain Legendary Strength<br/>
<br/>
At S-10, a strongman has reached the very pinnacle of strength, and legends of his might shall remain for all time across a hundred worlds. Once a character reaches Rating 10 in Strength, he gains Legendary Strength and the following benefits:<br/>
<br/>
- The character may now operate vehicle-scale weaponry for no penalty<br/>
- The character may inflict damage through armored targets even without a Power Weapon</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Toughness</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Concerns the amount of punishment that may be taken before unconsciousness and death.<br/>
<br/>
T-0: Sickly, May Die to a Stiff Wind<br/>
T-2: Mortal, Imperial Guard Minimum Standard<br/>
T-4: Tough, Space Marine Minimum Standard<br/>
T-6: Hardened, Feels No Pain From Unarmed Combat<br/>
T-8: Bulwark, May Survive Point-Blank Explosions<br/>
T-10: Cast From Steel, Gain Legendary Toughness<br/>
<br/>
At T-10, a warrior attains the strength of form that allows them to survive that which could slay two men, forever etching themselves into living memory. Once a character reaches Rating 10 for Toughness, he gains Legendary Toughness and the following benefits:<br/>
<br/>
- Weapons Fire rated below a Boltgun no longer do damage<br/>
- Upon suffering fatal wounds not inflicted by a Vortex Weapon, may act for an additional 10d10 Minutes, during which they are impervious to all further injury</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Agility</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents the speed and dexterity capable by the character.<br/>
<br/>
A-0: Disabled, unable to move under own power<br/>
A-2: Brisk Walk, Imperial Guard Minimum Standard<br/>
A-4: Swift as Wind, Space Marine Minimum Standard<br/>
A-6: Lightning Speed, Fast and swift, able to sprint without overly loud footsteps<br/>
A-8: Thunderbolt, Fast as lightning and quiet as a mouse<br/>
A-10: Winged Spectre, Gain Legendary Agility<br/>
<br/>
At A-10, a scout gains speed, grace and control that allows them to slip into nothingness, in doing so paradoxically making their mark as Legend. Once a character reaches Rating 10 for Agility, he gains Legendary Agility and a Legendary Perk that befits their specialisation:<br/>
<br/>
<u>Examples</u>:<br/>
Son of Angels: Half of raw Agility applied to Dodge instead of one-third, may apply dodge rating against indirect fire<br/>
<br/>
Ghost of Baal: Perfectly silent when moving unless purposefully moving audibly, may move at full speed without stealth penalties, may seemingly hide in plain sight if one does not obviously clash with the surroundings</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Intelligence</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents education, learning capacity, and one's ability in deductive reasoning.<br/>
<br/>
I-0: Literally an idiot<br/>
I-2: Imperial Citizen of upper-mid class<br/>
I-4: Educated, Space Marine Minimum Standard<br/>
I-6: Teacher, capable of Instruction<br/>
I-8: Professor, Expert of a Field<br/>
I-10: Luminary Genius, Gain Legendary Intelligence<br/>
<br/>
At I-10, a mind gains foresight and intellect that demands that future generations study the events that lead to the formation of a talent such as theirs. Once a character reaches Rating 10 for Intelligence, he will attain Legendary Intelligence, and gain a Legendary Perk that best suits their field of expertise.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Examples</u>:<br/>
Ursarkar E. Creed: Tactical Genius: Never be caught off-guard by an enemy commander, gain a flat bonus to all command actions. Gain additional bonuses when fighting Chaos-related foes, exploiting flanks, and repositioning forces. Once a battle, may perfectly reposition a single unit, regardless of size, logistical footprint or visibility.<br/>
<br/>
Chief Librarians In General: Purview of the Warp: May perfectly call upon any spell known to the Chapter and Legion. Gain bonuses when wielding spells related to one's panoply or legend. Ignore failure occurrence for all spells of Mastery 2 or less.<br/>
<br/>
Most Forgemasters: Liege of the Forge: Automatically succeed at any repair attempts for war machines and wargear in regular use by the Imperium and the Chapter. May attempt to repair ancient Imperial relics, archeotech and esoteric technologies not often deployed by the Adeptus Mechanicus. Relics crafted will be of higher grades than standard.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Perception</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents preceptiveness and ability to quickly react to new stimuli.<br/>
<br/>
P-0: Blind<br/>
P-2: Typical eyesight, Imperial Guard Standard<br/>
P-4: Sharp eyes, Space Marine Average<br/>
P-6: Deep Perception, Imperial Guard Spotter Standard<br/>
P-8: Eagle Vision, Capable of perceiving disruptions on the Horizon<br/>
P-10: Eyes of the Emperor, Gain Legendary Perception</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Willpower</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents strength of will and mental resilience against madness.<br/>
<br/>
W-0: Irrevocably Broken<br/>
W-2: Frightened, Imperial Guard Minimum<br/>
W-4: Acceptance, Space Marine Minimum<br/>
W-6: Resolute, Veteran Space Marine<br/>
W-8: Pure, Saint of the Imperium<br/>
W-10: Incorruptible, Gain Legendary Willpower</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Fellowship</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Represents strength of character and personal charisma.<br/>
<br/>
F-0: Inherently Despicable<br/>
F-2: Typical<br/>
F-4: Charming<br/>
F-6: Inspiration<br/>
F-8: King's Disposition<br/>
F-10: Voice of the Emperor, Gain Legendary Fellowship</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<u>Last Campaigns/Deeds Of M41</u><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Logs Of The Past</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fall of the Black Fortress of Vespa [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Won By Initiate Davian Thule] 500.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Cleansing of Obscurus [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded By Honor Guard Captain Apollo Diomedes] 824.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">The Dark Crusade [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 204, 0)"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by 4th Company Captain Davian Thule] 942.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Purging of Cyrene [<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">Victory</span></b>, Commanded By 3rd Company Captain Gabriel Angelos] 950.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Tartarus Campaign [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded By 3rd Company Captain Gabriel Angelos] 970.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Battle of Rahe's Paradis<b>e [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)"><b>Phyrric </b></span><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victor</b></span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">y</span>, Commanded By 3rd Company Captain Gabriel Angelos] 972.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Battle of Lorn V/Battle of the Black Library [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded By 3rd Company Captain Gabriel Angelos] 972.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Cadian Aid [<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 204, 0)">Initial Victory</span></b>, Commanded by 4th Company Captain Davian Thule Before Retreat Ordered By Chief Librarian Kyras] 974.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Kaurava Campaign [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ff0000"><b>Defeat</b></span>, Commanded by Captain Indrick Boreale] 980.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Hadrian Campaign [<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">Victory, </span></b>Commanded by 6th Company Captain Claudius] 985.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Defense of the Targa System [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by 3rd Company Captain Gabriel Angelos] 986.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">First Aurelian Crusade [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Force Commander Aramus] 986.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Second Aurelian Crusade [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Force Commander Aramus] 987.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Third Aurelian Crusade/Blood Raven Civil War/Chapter Purge [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Honor Guard Captain Apollo Diomedes] 997.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Disciplinary Action On Meridian [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by 5th Company Captain Tarkus Varianus ] 998.M41</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Cleansing of Calderis [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 998.M41</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><u>Major Campaigns/Deeds Of 0-100M42</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Trontiux II Intervention [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 004.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reclamation of Forge World Aerus [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Captain Marcus Crixus, then Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 015.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Split Heart Kabal Anchorage Assault [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 020.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Trontiux III Culling [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Shared Command By Captain Tarkus/Captain Cyrus] 030.M42 To 035.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Polonius Liberation Crusade Aid [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded By Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 030.M42 To 035.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Polonius Subsector Cleansing [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded By Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 035.M42 To 045.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Polonius Reclamation Crusade+Exterminatus [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded By Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 045.M42 To 050.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Eldar Corsair Hunt In Sector Korianis And Beyond Imperial Borders [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded By Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 050.M42 To 055.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Doom-Eater Kill-Nought WAAAGH!! Extinction Beyond Imperial Borders [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 060.M42 To 65.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Libration of Jahal System, Xenocide of Suysh Campaign [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 065.M42 To 70.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Destruction of a Black Legion Anchorage<b> [</b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Command By Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos] 070.M42 To 75.M42</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Helba Campaign and Reinforcement of the Mede Subsector [<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Victory</b></span>, Commanded by Captain Cyrus] 070.M42 To 75.M42</li>
</ul><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Librarium </span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Chief Librarian: Justinius Probalis [Raven's Aegis]<br/>
1st Company Epistolary Lucan<br/>
2nd Company Epistolary Flekton<br/>
3rd Company Epistolary Idmon<br/>
5th Company Damion Tyrin [Raven's Aegis]<br/>
4th Company Nero Achillian [Raven's Aegis]<br/>
10th Company Trajan Maphar [Raven's Aegis]<br/>
Honor Guard Epistolary Rasmus<br/>
Codicier Aeneas [Raven's Aegis]<br/>
Non-Assigned Epistolaries: 0<br/>
Non-Notable Epistolaries: 0<br/>
Codiciers: 12<br/>
Lexicanum: 18/11*<br/>
*Recruits sourced from Astra Telepathica</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Armory and Forges</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Master of the Forge: Martellus Ravias<br/>
Senior Techmarines: 0<br/>
Techmarine Calus<br/>
Techmarine Daedal<br/>
Techmarine Quarius Zergan<br/>
Techmarine Hestior<br/>
Techmarine Janos<br/>
Non-Notable Techmarines: 16<br/>
9 Techmarine Trainees: Began 065.M42. Estimated Complete 095.M42</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Apothecarium</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus<br/>
Honor Guard Apothecary Ikai<br/>
1st Company Apothecary Constantius Romallius<br/>
2nd Company Apothecary Nabonidus<br/>
3rd Company Apothecary Aratos<br/>
4th Company Apothecary Caesar<br/>
5th Company Apothecary Medici<br/>
10th Company Apothecary Marius Astophiles<br/>
Apothecary Talm<br/>
Non-Notable Apothecaries: 4</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Reclusiam</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Master of Sanctity Hannibal<br/>
Honor Guard Chaplain Tasanor<br/>
1st Company Chaplain Ares Actus<br/>
2nd Company Chaplain Ravias<br/>
3rd Company Chaplain Galloss<br/>
4th Company Chaplain Ateren [Powerful Bionic Arm/Leg]<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Bellero<br/>
10th Company Chaplain Augustine<br/>
Chaplain Antonius<br/>
Chaplain Alastair<br/>
Chaplain Sardus<br/>
Non-Notable Chaplains: 2</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>