<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 21 Results - 2480 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 21 Results - 2480 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Plan Redshirt v2
-[*] [COIN] The Gambler
-[*] [JOHANN] Current Task: Have Johann help the new Journeymanlings get settled in.
-[*] [MAX] Previous Task: Have Maximilian investigate the properties of the spiders' webs.
-[*] [EIC] Instil corporate policy: long-term financial good of the Empire.
-[*] Visit Roswita in person, and travel with her or her representative back to Eight Peaks.
-[*] Investigate the constantly-dripping blood of the Wisdom's Asp. Current accumulation: 14 gallons.
--[*] Apply Coin
-[*] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
--[*] Gunnar, Greatsword Practice
-[*] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)
--[*] Attempt to learn multiple spells.
-[*] [FREE] Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
-[*] [FREE] ADVENTURE TIME, KIDS. Take them on a series of terrifying forays into the Underground. You know where it's safe, but they don't know that.

[*] Yes to social turn.



Seven. Years.

For seven years the mystery of the liquid pouring from your box of mirrors has itched at the back of your mind. There was always some new battle to fight or skill to learn or enemy to study, and it kept being nudged off your list of priorities. Well, no more. You've cleared your calendar and you have a perfect laboratory just waiting to be used. Now you will crack the hell out of this mystery.

[Preliminary Observations: Learning, 18+26+20(Tower)+20(Ranald's Coin)+4(Library: Daemons)=88.]

Fact: The liquid is pouring from a box wherein a Wisdom's Asp is trapped between life and death.
Ergo: The liquid is either the blood of the Wisdom's Asp, or flesh that has transformed to a liquid state when shorn from the Asp.

Fact: The Wisdom's Asp is a warp entity; by some definitions this would make it daemonic, but it is not one in the sense that it is not aligned with any of the Daemonic Powers.
Note: Thus this investigation does not breach Article 7, and thus is legal under Article 5.
Fact: Warp entities are made of the energies of the Aethyr, that the unlearned call the Warp, that are solidified into a body by the will of said entity.
Expectation: Anything severed from a warp entity will usually revert to the original state of energy.
Fact: The liquid oozing forth from the Wisdom's Asp shows no sign of reverting to an energetic state.
Theory: The Asp being neither entirely dead nor entirely alive prevents the full degeneration of the warp energies.
Experiment: ...

You pause, and frown at the vials of liquid held in the rack before you. If the Wisdom's Asp's state was responsible for the liquid remaining as a liquid, it would have to maintain some sort of link to it. There existed ways to sever links like that, but as they would be equally able to sever the link between body and soul, they were feared and restricted. Okay. Any more easily testable theories?

Theory: The liquid no longer retains any influence from the Asp, and is merely acting according to its nature.
Fact: The known nature of raw warp energy is to enter the world from the Chaos Wastes, and dissolve into the Eight Winds.
Question: Is this entirely due to the nature of warp energy, or is part of this reaction inherent to the locations near the poles?
Question: How else can warp energies cross into the physical world?
Candidate: Summoning portals.
Fact: Warp energies from summoning portals typically dissolve into Winds or curdle into Dhar.
Candidate: Daemonic invasions.
Fact: Warp energies from daemonic invasions typically dissolve into Winds or curdle into Dhar.
Candidate: Morrsleib.
Fact: Warp energies from Morrsleib universally curdle into Dhar.

You frown again, staring at the liquid.

Fact: The above candidates all involve the barrier between the physical world and the Aethyr being thin or pierced.
Question: Is there any known example of warp energy entering the physical world without that barrier being thin or pierced?

Your memory says no. You climb down the stairs and consult your library, which also says no.

Question: How could warp energy enter the world without the barrier being thin or pierced?
Fact: The Wisdom's Asp does not pierce the barrier between the physical world and the Aethyr. It moves between the two via the medium of mirrors.

Are mirrors inherently magical? You're pretty sure they're not, but just to be sure you wander through the market hall until you find a merchant that lets you borrow one and stare intently at it for a while. Definitely entirely mundane. Okay, then. A property of the Asp, rather than a property of mirrors, making it the only scenario you can imagine where warp energy can enter reality with the barrier still in place.

Question: Would the liquid change in nature if it was exposed to a thinning or piercing of the barrier?
Experiment: Expose the liquid to the light of Morrsleib.

The terrible green moon was feeling cooperative, and this experiment only required a couple of days to be carried out. The effect was rather more dramatic than you expected, and you're glad you decided to ride a significant way out into the barren mountains instead of performing the experiment within the Karak.

Result: The liquid curled into Dhar.
Theory: Warp energies only dissolve into Winds or curdle into Dhar when the Aethyr and the physical world were close. Under the sole influence of the physical world, warp energies instead become liquid.
Fact: In conventional magical theory, there is no liquid form of magic. There is 'free' magic in the form of the Winds and Dhar, and there is solidified magic in the form of warpstone.
Fact: In pre-Teclisean alchemy, the Winds were considered the fifth element, separate to Air/Earth/Water/Fire.
Theory: Perhaps this model can be used to describe the phases of magic. Aether equals warp energy. Wind equals Winds. Water equals this liquid. Earth equals Dhar? Fire equals Qhaysh? Vice versa?

Hmm. Fitting Qhaysh and Dhar into alchemical theory would be a crowd-pleaser among the Gold Order, but you're not sure they should count as separate elements.

Fact: In conventional University of Altdorf physics, matter is said to have three stages: gas, liquid, solid. Perhaps this can be used as a metaphorical model for magic.
Theory: Gas equals Winds. Liquid equals this liquid. Solid equals warpstone? Solid equals power stone?
Question: Is warpstone a Dhar power stone?

That was... an intriguing question, but not the topic at hand. You go back a step.

You're finding yourself frowning at the liquid a lot. For all that you had resolved to finally do some experiments, you seem to be staring at it while writing notes a lot instead. So... under this model, can energy be considered a phase of matter? If it could, then warp energy could be made to fit into it as well. You consult your library, but find a major hole in the subject of conventional physics. You flip through your books on Chamon and find something called a 'periodic table', and scowl at it. Typical Gold Order, over-complicating everything. How are you meant to make your model fit that many elements? You turn to Dwarven chemistry, and though they don't answer your questions about energy, you do find some interesting information about liquids. Interesting, but surely wrong. Water boils at the temperature water boils at, right?

You don't have to search long to find a thermometer, and your kettle is right there. One reading later, you descend all the way through the mountain and into the Underway, and commandeer a stove built into the Kvinn-Wyr fortifications. As bemused Dwarves warily watch you, you boil a cup of water and frown at the thermometer. Well, there you go. One new entry to your mental notes.

Okay, so water boils easier at higher altitudes. The air is thinner at higher altitudes, too. Less air being around meant that the water being transformed to steam can do so more easily because it's less crowded.

So... when the physical world does not dominate, there's less 'real' around and the warp energies are free to... boil into the Winds? But when there's too much 'real', then it can't boil... or perhaps it's the other way around? Warp energies directly transform to a gas but when there's too much 'real' it condenses? So... how much denser is liquid than gas? Well, as your kettle experiment showed, gas doesn't have a standard density, but you should be able to get a general estimate...

Oh.

You look up from the Dwarven textbook at the vials.

Then you go and get much smaller vials.

---

You say a little thankyou to Ranald that you did find your way into Dwarven chemistry textbooks before you got too far into experimentation. You trusted Kragg's work to contain whatever happened, but considering you'd be in there when it did, that isn't much comfort. With a much smaller sample, you resume.

Experiment: Weaken the barrier between the physical world and the Aethyr.

Erm.

Experiment: Weaken the barrier between the physical world and the Aethyr without breaching the Articles.
Candidate: Deliberate miscast.

Yikes. No.

Candidate: Divine intervention.

...maybe later.

[Careful Experimentation: Learning, 32+26+20(Tower)+20(Ranald's Coin)+6(Library: Winds of Magic)=104.]

Candidate: Extended channelling of Ulgu.

Yes.

With the room constantly lit from all directions and no foreign magic allowed to enter, you have only the Ulgu you carry within you to call upon. A worrying situation if going into battle, but it will suffice for the task at hand. Channelling magic to a specific point is one of the first things an Apprentice learns, but it's rarely needed after that as one does not accomplish anything by simply holding Ulgu, they shape it and project it. At least, not usually. It takes a few minutes to remember the mindset required, and you gently propel the Ulgu into your arm, then your hand, then your finger, until it glows under your Magesight as, confusingly, a dark bright grey. Magesight, you're reminded, isn't actually sight. You just interpret it that way.

You grit your teeth in concentration as you push the magic past the first knuckle. You don't need a lot of magic total, you just need a lot of magical density. A tiny pinprick in reality rather than a gaping hole. It wavers as it is pushed past your second knuckle, and you redouble your focus. As the Ulgu is pushed into the very tip of your finger and fog begins to boil off it, the very small sample of the liquid starts to crawl up the vial towards it. No, not entirely - part of it is, while the rest remains very stubbornly at the bottom of the vial, furthest from your finger. The pearlescent light of the liquid shimmers, then for a fraction of a second you see it fracture-

tshink

And you recoil backwards as the vial shatters.

You examine the sharp pain in your finger, and frown at the tiny scratch from the fragmented glass. Then your frown fades as you observe the significantly larger cloud of Ulgu orbiting your finger, and glance around the room to see Winds of all colours still spiralling through the air, beginning to slow as the undeniable runic pull begins to draw them in to be whisked away.

---

Okay, so.

Result: When sufficient magical concentration was reached, the liquid flash-boiled into an apparently equal amount of each Wind.
Result: A portion of the Wind was attracted to magical concentration, the rest repulsed. Ulgu, or perhaps a precursor to it, was present in the liquid before phase change. Presumably each Wind is.
Result: Liquid to Wind conversion results in significant amounts of Winds.
Note: Keep liquid far from any reality-weakening event.
Note: Keep liquid from the light of Morrsleib.

...damn your curiosity.

Question: Does the light of Morrsleib instantly curdle the Winds after they are converted, or does it cause a fundamentally different conversion?

[Damn Your Curiosity: Learning, 71+26+4(Library: Warpstone)=101.]

A longer wait, but you can be patient. When Morrsleib's baleful light once more shines, you are ready and your Magesight keen.

Result: Liquid-to-Dhar conversion was direct. At no point were the Winds present.
Ergo: Multiple transformations are possible.

...oh. You probably didn't have to wait after all.

Experiment: Does warpstone (in the form of Skaven 'warp tokens') cause the same transformation as Morrsleib?
Result: Yes, though physical contact was required. Not currently possible to test if this would also apply to unprocessed warpstone.

Summary: A concentration of a Wind can cause the liquid to transform into significant amounts of all eight Winds. The seven Winds not used for this division are scattered with significant force.
Summary: An immediate use presents itself: allowing prolonged spellcasting in Winds-deficient areas.
Summary: Warpstone or the light of Morrsleib can cause a different transformation into equally significant amounts of Dhar.
Summary: It seems likely that other transformations could be possible.
Summary: It seems very likely that Dwarven Runecraft could make very efficient use of the liquid.

You bite your lip in thought as you go over your notes. You really do need to come up with a better name than 'liquid'.

It could be possible to perform more experiments in the time you've put aside, but instead you're going to go make significant changes to how the liquid is being stored.

---

"'The sword thing'?" Gunnars asks as he wipes sweat from his face.

"I've never seen any other Dwarf with a sword."

"Ah." He looks thoughtfully at the wooden sparring blade in his hand. "Do you want the short reason, or the full cultural dissection?"

"Definitely the dissection." You drink deeply from a waterskin, glad you're sparring in an as-yet unused room of Karag Lhune rather than the merciless sun outside.

"Dwarf culture is inherited," he says simply. "Well, all culture is, I suppose. But ours is inherited with purpose." He moves to a ready position and you copy, and the two of you begin to circle. Dwarves liked to absorb the first blow and counter, but they were also keenly aware that many enemies had a greater reach, and a skilled Dwarf could just as easily dart forward to negate that. Gunnars was definitely skilled - not quite as skilled as Sir Markus, or perhaps just not as demonstrative. Gunnars' concern was the souls of the dead, and primarily that meant his role as a Priest, rather than a member of the Order of the Guardians. But with a century, even a side-job adds up to a lot of experience. "Grungni has an axe. Valaya has an axe. Grimnir has two." He lunges forward, and you're stepping back before you notice he cut it short. Now he's outside the range of your blade, and closing could give him an opening.

"And hammers?" you ask, considering your next move.

"Hammers, picks, even crossbows. Tools for metalworking and mining and hunting." He steps back as you step forward, and then you jump back as he darts forward again. You measured it just right - he's back inside your reach, and you're outside his. "We have been at war for..." he pauses to think, but you don't take the bait, and he smiles. "Four thousand, four hundred, and seventy-seven years. Axes are our weapons, but our tools must also be weapons."

"Cannon?" Forward, jab, step outside the swing, step inside and argh-

"We both go to our Ancestors, I think," he says, rubbing his neck where your blade had impacted - or rather it had impacted his beard, which seems to have absorbed a lot of the blow. Your ribs aren't so fortunate. "Morgrim's weapon."

"Engineering," you gasp.

"Aye, now. This is many years of mining later. First, some said that only the stone thrower Morgrim invented was acceptable, while others pointed to Morgrim's rope and pulley that allowed for the invention of the bolt thrower. Then the damned elves and their flying beasts settled the argument, though with much grumbling. The flame cannon was next, using only techniques Morgrim invented instead of any actual components. But when the Skaven came boiling out of the ground, the flame cannon was accepted, but again, this was seen as a further step from our Ancestors. The cannon met with less resistance, though there were still those that said that bolts were good enough for Morgrim. That opened the door for the Handgun, and the argument started again, because there were those that saw Morgrim as the Ancestor God of Siege Weapons, rather than Engineering. But even orcs these days are wearing steel, so most reluctantly accept them, but still there are holdouts that stick to the crossbow alone. The gyrocopter... hard to argue with the first near-clear lines of communication in millennia, but argue they did, and still do. Drakeguns, steamships, trollhammer torpedoes, every new weapon is resisted bitterly by those that point to our Ancestors and their axes."

"Still not hearing about swords," you manage, as the pain of breathing starts to fade.

"Everything I just mentioned brings something new to the Hall. A sword doesn't do anything an axe can't. So there, at least, we can follow our Ancestors and their axes."

"Except Gazul."

"Except Gazul, and Zharrvengryn."

[Teaching: Martial, 38+??=??.]
[Learning: Martial, 29+20+7(Library: Greatswords)=56.]

Gunnars is not the sword teacher Sir Markus was, but he has the patience and endurance of stone, and piece by careful piece you start to build a hybrid style combining the mighty swings and probing jabs of the Imperial Greatswords with the careful footwork and patient observation of the Order of the Guardians. It's not quite there yet, but it's close.

He's also remarkably difficult to draw into any sort of personal conversation. He'll happily talk at length about Dwarven culture or current events or anything else, but though you've become slightly closer to him, you don't feel like you've learned any more about him as a person.

[Skill increased: Advanced Greatsword (2/3)]

---

Johann greeted the arriving Wizardlings, showed them to the Wizard quarters, had an account set up for them at the newly-opened EIC general store, and was generally constantly on hand to be a friendly welcoming big brother to the out-of-their-depth little darlings.

In short, he was the perfect Good Magister to pave the way for your Terrifying Magister.

When you decide to put your own projects aside to inflict yourself upon the Wizardlings, you had word passed through Johann that someone important wanted to meet them, and he didn't for a second hold back in inflating your reputation. The D채mmerlichtreiter. The S채ngerkritisch. The woman that cowed the nobles of Stirland into obedience, killed Castle Drakenhof, and cut a bloody swathe through the greenskins of Karak Eight Peaks. History's first and only Court Wizard to a Dwarfhold. The one and only Mathilde Weber.

You're keenly aware that you don't quite have the height to properly loom, but between the greatsword, Abelhelm's hat, your unruly shadow and your growing reputation, you can still manage a striking first impression.

Aww, the Bright Wizard is standing at attention.

"Adela Burgstaller," you say conversationally. "What brings you to my mountains?"

"Journeying, Magister!" She's definitely had some military training. Not surprising, the Brights always have been close to the army.

"You could Journey anywhere from Wissenland to Ostland. Burn some Beastmen, kick over a bandit camp or two, find a roadwarden patrol or a local captain to latch onto and have a relatively comfortable time of it. Instead, you're here. Why?"

You consider her as she summons an answer. Many Bright Wizards have red hair, but hers seems to be natural rather than the result of Aqshy attunement. But she hasn't fully avoided the touch of fire - her pupils are normal but appear lit from behind with the smouldering red of flames, and wisps of smoke occasionally drift out from her eye sockets. Slightly taller than you, damn her, slim, bordering on willowy, sensible black robe but with just a touch of tasteful lace trim. With that name, she's no noble, so a burgher family. "Engineering, Magister," she finally responds.

"Mind your step. Dwarves are generous to their friends but brutal to thieves, and if you get caught trying to take what they don't want to give, I won't do a damn thing to save you and the Bright Order will apologize to me for my trouble. Clear?"

"Yes, Magister!"

"Armament?"

"Aqshy, Magister!" Acceptable answer. Fire solves a lot of problems.

You glance at her belt and raise an eyebrow. Not a grounding rod, that's... you'd call it a staff, but it's barely the length of your forearm. "Your work?"

"Yes, Magister!"

You frown at it, trying to make sense of what you're- ah. "Don't they tell you not to try that in the Bright College?"

"They did, Magister."

"And you did it anyway." You're only vaguely familiar with the general principles, but one of the intermittent steps to creating a power stone was gaseous. Not nearly as good as the finished product, but every now and then someone with more ambition than sense gives it their damnedest, realizes they're not quite there yet, and makes the best with what they've got. This girl has entrapped the gaseous Aqshy inside a wand. What better for channelling Aqshy than Aqshy? Hideously dangerous, but when you were at her stage, you had developed a habit of avoiding anything reflective out of necessity.

You move on to the next Wizardling. The Celestial, unfortunately. "Hubert Denzel."

"Yes, Madam."

"I am a Knight and your name tells me you're of the peerage, but here and now we are two Wizards." You didn't actually know every noble house in the Empire by heart, you had the Grey College send all the information that the letters of introduction didn't. Unusual, though. Most Middenheim noble houses wouldn't let a scion tainted with magic continue to bear their name. "What brings a Celestial Journeyman to a Dwarven Karak?"

"Glory in battle, Magister." No military training, but he's got steel in him, and steel on his hip, too. He's definitely leaning into being a Wizard - billowing cloak and a star on his hat. Some muscles on him, which must have been tough to maintain at the Celestial College. No visible signs of Azyr's touch, but it did trend towards the ephemeral.

"Has Ulric given you the fangs of the wolf, then?" The information from the Grey College didn't actually cover his faith. Journeymen aren't worth watching that closely. But either he was an Ulrican and will take your question the straightforward way, or he was a non-Ulrican Middenheimer and will take your question as a barb. You find out which he is while giving the impression you always knew.

"Yes, Magister. I bear His lightning." You doubted the mainstream Cult would agree with that interpretation of magic, but whatever kept him going.

"Have you been trained in that blade you're wearing?"

"Since my fifth winter." Ulricans. Though at least that's better than the standard Celestial twit.

Last but likely not least, she of the Amethyst College, and you're glad you observed them from a distance because her appearance does tend to take one aback at first. Shyish can be cruel, and if you had to guess, Gretel Maurer had been in the coltish and gangly stage of puberty when it had visited itself on her, and the Shyish-induced withering of muscle had frozen her there and resulted in the unnerving impression that she had limbs significantly too long for her body.

"May shadows guide you," you intone.

"May death pass over you," she replies in an unexpectedly musical voice, and you fight back a smile. The Grey and Amethyst Colleges didn't actually have ritual greetings for each other, but Apprentices and Journeymen of both liked to pretend they did to mess with the other Colleges.

...then again, the joke had been going on for at least twenty years by now, so maybe it actually was a ritual greeting at this point.

"What brings you to my mountains?"

"I seek wealth," she replies plainly.

Your smile widens. "Honesty is a virtue. Your weapon?"

"I bear Morr's Scythe." That she doesn't summon it to demonstrate shows her good sense, and that she uses that name rather than the secular ones reveals something else. You pass an open-palmed hand in front of your face, from top to bottom, and surprise causes her to hesitate for a fraction of a second before she returns the ritual greeting. Not quite a cult secret - sticking to cover stories is important, but so is not committing an actual blasphemy - but it did imply a familiarity with Morr that you certainly had, albeit secondhand.

"Fire, lightning, death," you muse. "That sounds like an arsenal to me. Let's go."

"Magister?" Hubert asks.

"Don't want to take you too far from what you know," you say, false kindness dripping from your tone. "So let's pretend we're back at the Colleges and go on a field trip."

---

You're beginning to feel like a mother duck. Three separate magical lights bob through the air behind you from the tail of increasingly nervous Journeymen nearly clinging to your back as you lead them through the Underway. You'd taken them through the Citadel, partly because this was the clearest part of the under-Karak but mostly so you could casually say hello to a passing giant spider and get a cheery wave from its pedipalps back while your ducklings stared.

"Pop quiz, class," you say with a smile. "What do you call a rat with a gun?" You get silence back, but there's silence and then there's silence. Two significant silences, one bewildered silence. Oh, Celestial College. Why must you be this way? "Two correct answers, one dead wrong. You're letting your College down, Hubert."

"What? But, Magister-"

"Take Beastmen, swap the livestock for rats, give them their own god, a terrifying affinity for magic and technology and magical technology, and you've got... don't tell him girls, he has to learn on his own. Okay, I'll give you a hint. The cognomen ex virtute of Emperor Mandred was..."

"The Beastslayer?" Hubert asks, and you groan.

"The Skavenslayer. I'll run you through this real quick so try not to let the existential terror hit you too hard. There exists under every city on every continent the network of a sprawling and more-or-less-but-mostly-less unified rat-man civilization called the Skaven. They worship the Horned Rat, who might be the-one-with-the-diseases but we're pretty sure is separate, they use warpstone to cheat at technology and give the Dwarves a run for their money, and they probably number in the billions. They've been grinding the Karaz Ankor away for four thousand years and believe me, the Karaz Ankor is not easily ground. The only reason we're not all doomed is they constantly fight amongst themselves, and in fact the reason you've never heard about them before is because them thinking we don't know about them makes them feel secure enough to fight amongst themselves even more. Any questions so far?" Except for shoes on stone, you hear nothing but silence. "Alright, let's have some class engagement. Gretel, Clan Moulder. Go."

"Um. One of the four Great Clans. They use warpstone and breeding and surgery to try to make bigger and stronger creatures to fight for them."

"They're under Karagril. Been selling wolf-sized rats to anyone that's buying, including Goblins. The upside is that they're between Karagril and Black Crag, so there's no concern of the greenskins in Karagril receiving reinforcements, hence why we'll be marching on it next year. Adela, Clan Skryre."

"Oh, they're the technology one! They use warpstone to power guns and devices that shoot fire or lightning!"

"I hear enthusiasm. If you like that sort of thing, talk to Johann and let him know you've been read into the Conspiracy of Silence. They're in Karag Zilfin. Gretel, Clan Eshin."

"Assassins. They're the most loyal to the central authority of the Empire."

"You forgot the obligatory 'they use warpstone to' part. It's poisons with them. They're under Karag Yar. Adela, Skryre was an easy one, so here's a tough one. Clan Mors."

A pause. "They're... one of the Warlord Clans?"

"Are you telling me or asking me?"

"Asking."

"You're right. Arguably the Warlord Clan. They're disturbingly unified for Skaven and they just about rivalled the Great Clans for power. Hubert, can you spot the most important part of that sentence?"

"...past tense?"

"Bingo. They've been very naughty rats and now it's open season on Clan Mors. They're underneath the centre of the Karak aaaaaand..." You've been dropping your voice gradually as you walked and you drop it all the way to a hush now. "They're right over there."

Three lights snap out, and while you give their eyes a chance to adjust to the darkness you lean in to speak in Hubert's ear. "You've just been blindsided by all this. If you want to sit the practical portion of today's exercise out..."

"I will show His enemies the mercy of the wolf," he says, and his voice barely quavers.

"Good man." You raise your voice just enough to reach all three of your ducklings. "Once your eyes adjust, formulate and execute a plan of attack on this guard post. If everything goes to hell I'll step in, but while you're not going to die today, you might get stabbed today and it sucks, so do your best to avoid that. I do not grade on a curve. Your time begins: now."

As the eyes they're reliant on adjust to the darkness, they begin to see the guard post up ahead, lit faintly by dozens of crude tallow candles. You've no stomach for needlessly tormenting an enemy when you could dispatch it instead, but getting these ducklings blooded without losing one takes priority, so you've set this one up ahead of time. For the past week, any rat at this guard post that stepped into the darkness unwittingly volunteered to help you work on your greatsword techniques. They quickly learned to avoid that, and now the rats are already on the verge of fleeing and lit up enough for your ducklings to see them, and also so their night vision is ruined so the Skaven can't see your ducklings. On top of that, their position on the far side of Clan Mors' many rivals means they're poorly armed.

As the ducklings confer, you shape Ulgu and melt into the shadows, listening in on their halting and hesitant plans. "Okay, Magister," Adela says, "I think we're-" She turns and looks right at you, but of course that doesn't mean she can see you. "Oh. Um. Okay."

[Adela's debut: Martial & Learning. 55+12=67 / 27+16=43.]
[Hubert's debut: Martial & Learning. 65+16=81 / 39+14=53.]
[Gretel's debut: Martial & Learning. 40+15=55 / 42+17=59.]

It's not the worst demonstration you've ever seen, you suppose.

Gretel flanks and approaches until just out of the candlelight, then with more enthusiasm than accuracy Adela and Hubert begin to pelt the Skaven position with fire and lightning. There's a moment of hesitation and cowering, but the lack of casualties emboldens them and they charge out with a shrieked battlecry, and then Hubert draws his sword, Gretel summons her scythe, Adela projects a fiery sword-blade from her wand, and you nod in approval as the three of them strike down several of the rats each and send the rest fleeing.

There's a moment of silence, then the three ducklings begin to cheer, and it just about breaks your heart to interrupt them with a gunshot.

Then four more.

Five bullets for four of them. You should practice more.

"Passing grades all around, but on future exams I'll be marking down for escapees," you say. "Any guesses as to why?"

Adela answers instantly. "'Thinking we don't know about them makes them feel secure enough to fight amongst themselves even more'."

...did you just get quoted back to yourself? "Well done. Extra credit. Anyone wounded? Don't just say no, check. Adrenaline is a hell of a thing." Shockingly, none are.

---

Over the next few weeks, you take the freshest Journeymanlings on several outings against greenskins and Skaven, some with Johann and one with Panoramia, who disquiets all three of them with her cheerily efficient weaponization of the rapid growth of thorned plants. They're definitely unsmelted ore, but there's good metal there. But sadly your newfound calling as a teacher cannot last forever, and you make preparations to travel to the Empire. You've got some crash-learning to do back at the Grey College, but then it's to Stirland to deal with the EIC and, of course, with Roswita Van Hal. But before that, possibly in an attempt to put it off just a little longer, you call in on Maximilian, who seems personally offended by the webs he's studying.

"They get weaker when I cast Law of Form on them," he says as he notices you, outraged.

"That doesn't surprise me," you say after a moment of thought. "Even small webs are tough for their size."

"I guess I never realized how literal the spell is. 'As strong as steel' should mean stronger. Not a precisely defined set of material properties."

"Speaking of material properties..."

"Oh, right." Maximilian discards the temporarily metallic webbing with a clang and turns to his notes.

[Studying Spiderweb: Learning, 31+16+20(Law of Logic)+7(Library: Arthropods)=74.]

"Honestly, at first I didn't see a lot in there, but then I checked your books and not all of it's the same. I spoke to the We with the chip out of their head carapace and they got me some of each. The Hunters have two, one for dangling and one for hunting. The Web-Weavers have three, dangling, building, and glue. The Egg-Layers only have one, for wrapping the eggs. Five types total. The glue hardens nearly immediately, so that's no good to us. The building web is like scaffolding, they make the permanent structures out of dangling web, so it's out.

[Dangling web: Learning, 75+16+20(Law of Logic)+2(Library: Engineering)=113.]

"So, the dangling web- do you know what tensile strength is?"

No, but you'll look it up later. "Yes."

"That makes it easier. This is your all-rounder. Pound for pound, tensile strength of steel and even harder to break. It stretches like crazy too, which makes it even less likely to break but it does mean it's not gonna replace regular ropes - if you're using a rope to transfer mechanical force, this isn't going to do it for you. But for weight holding - for pulleys, for dragging, for mountaineering - this is huge. Walk into Marienburg with a cartload of this stuff, anyone that's ever heard the word 'crane' will throw money at you."

[Hunting web: Learning, 79+16+20(Law of Logic)+2(Library: Engineering)=117.]

"Next up: hunting web, for wrapping up their prey. They're supposed to be paralyzed, but either they like to keep a larder or they're ready for anything that might be immune, so this stuff doesn't break, pretty much ever. Teeth, claws, blades, doesn't matter. One word: armour. Light as normal clothing, stronger than leather. Light as cloth armour, stronger than chain."

[Egg web: Learning, 64+16+20(Law of Logic)+2(Library: Engineering)=102.]

"Finally, egg web. Look, the dangling web, that's a game-changer for logistics. You just doubled the throughput of every crane in the Empire. That doesn't matter. The hunting web, everyone important enough to get a blade in the ribs becomes immune to a blade in the ribs. That doesn't matter. Here. Feel."

He holds out a crudely-woven patch of silk, and you touch it dubiously. It doesn't stick to your finger, so you give it a closer feel. "Soft."

"It's silk. It's silk but incredibly durable. It's silk but it doesn't really burn, it just sort of melts. It's silk but it's right here. The second someone manages to teach those spiders the concept of trade, the Silk Road is here. I, it's-" He waves his arms in the air, searching for words. "Barak Varr has been bankrolling this entire Expedition and it's still doing it because it makes a tenth of the silk road safe and if it stays open for maybe three years they'll have turned a profit on it because silk is that ludicrously valuable. Look at this stuff. Silk is done. Silk is like burlap now. Anyone thinking of wearing silk after this is introduced will have mud thrown at them in the street. Those spiders are shitting gold. You take it, you go to Barak Varr, which is possibly the safest goddamn road in the Old World right now, and you've won at economics."

---

You can't keep calling it 'liquid'. You should come up with a name for your discovery.

[ ] Write in.


How will you arrive in Wurtbad?

[ ] Low-key. Casual clothes, a mundane horse, concealment spells, a quiet word with the castle staff to let everyone know you're here.
[ ] Too low-key. Slip in after dark and wake Roswita up in bed.
[ ] By the book. Give her notice a day in advance and present yourself openly to the court as a foreign delegate.
[ ] Magically. You're the bloody D채mmerlichtreiter, and you'll damn well D채mmerlichtreit right up to her castle if you please.
[ ] Too magically. Announced by an invisible orchestra as you appear from thin air before her in court.
[ ] Dwarfily. Gyrocopter landing just outside the castle gates.
[ ] Very Dwarfily. Gyrobomber landing in the town square, with a Hammerer protection detail.
[ ] Too Dwarfily. Borrow a Throng from Zhufbar.


You've got friends and acquaintances in Stirland. Do you want them to get involved in these events?

[ ] Invite Anton as a personal friend.
[ ] Suggest Anton suggest to Roswita that he should come along as an experienced diplomat and representative of Stirland's nobility.
[ ] Do not invite Anton.

[ ] Invite Wilhelmina as a personal friend.
[ ] Suggest Wilhelmina suggest to Roswita that she should come along as an economic attache to build trade ties between Stirland and Karak Eight Peaks.
[ ] Do not invite Wilhelmina.


- Inviting people as your personal friends is entirely your business, except if they suggested to Roswita they should come officially and get rebuffed - in that case, it would be a major faux pais for them to come anyway.
- I'm splitting this update into two because wow it's gotten away from me, but it works out well to give the Roswita decision some more granularity.
- This is still a continuation of the same turn. Dealing with follow-up and consequences from the above is for later votes.
  </body>
</html>