<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 39 Social - 2489 - Part 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 39 Social - 2489 - Part 4</h2>
It was, perhaps, inevitable that the branches of the Council of Manhorak would begin jostling for position amongst each other. On one hand, the village of Bylorhof has remained true to Bylorak throughout the centuries, so some argue that this demonstrates the faith and strength of will that makes it worthy of being the heart of the resurgent faith. But others argue that the reason Bylorak survived is not due to any inherent virtue of its believers, but because of the simple fact that it is far from all of the other population centers of Sylvania, making it not worth the trouble for the Vampires to subjugate. The same remoteness that saved it also makes it an impractical location for any sort of centralized bastion of faith.

"I think it's going to end up being Drakenhof more or less by default," Kasmir says to you. He's met you in a tavern by the Tempelhof docks, and the two of you sit outside as you watch the bustle of Sylvania tentatively connecting itself with the rest of the Empire's economy, bland Ostermark ales in hand. "It's the largest town in Sylvania, and it's been the administrative centre of it since the time of the Von Draks, so it's going to be where the Markgraf operates out of. Having the heart of the faith be somewhere it can easily access the ears of those that will be ruling Sylvania makes too much sense not to. But that puts Bylorhof's nose out of joint, because Drakenhof is harder to access for them than it would be for representatives from Waldenhof or Tempelhof."

"It does back up the argument that the reason that faith in Bylorak survived was geographical," you say, measuring distances on a mental map. "It almost makes more sense for Bylorhof to be part of southern Stirland than Sylvania."

"It probably would have ended up that way if Abelhelm had been less ambitious," Kasmir says with a sigh. "If he'd only cleansed the Hills, then the western half would have ended up being folded into Leicheberg, Bylorhof included. That or spin off Swartzhafen as a new barony with all the fresh farmland reclaimed from what had been the Ghoul Wood. In either case, within a generation or two they would have been completely assimilated, and Bylorak probably would have been declared an aspect of Taal or Manann."

"It's a pity the waterways don't link together anywhere closer than Nuln," you observe.

"Funny you should say that," Kasmir says with a laugh. "Some of them actually want to build a temple to Manhorak on the banks of the Black Water, since that's upstream of all of them."

"Is that really so crazy? The paths have been improved a fair bit these days, and once the canal's been completed there's going to be plenty of traffic going back and forth."

"That's what I thought at first, but the Dwarves say that while it's mostly safe to travel on or beside it, anything permanent needs a permanent garrison to fend off raids from the residents of Karak Varn."

"Clan Ferrik," you say with a nod.

"No, the Yellow Eye Tribe. We know a fair bit about them since they regularly launch raids into Averland and ambush travellers in Black Fire Pass."

You give Kasmir a sideways look. "What are the odds of that temple actually being built?"

"Fairly low, but there'll probably end up being pilgrimages and maybe a shrine of some sort once the canal's done. Why?"

"Do you know of any other enemies that might be an issue in the area?"

He starts giving you the same sideways look, then nods in understanding. "Oh, of course you'd know about them. Clan Ferrik are rats, then?"

You relax, glad you're not going to have to do the full reading in. "Yes, a Warlord Clan that was rival to Clan Mors, and either closely tied to Clan Skryre or a Thrall Clan to them. So given the circumstances they'd probably be even more active and ambitious than usual."

"Ah. I'll try to dissuade the idea of establishing a presence up there, then. One of the very few mercies of Sylvania is that they don't have to deal with the ratmen." He frowns and nods towards the waterfront. "Speaking of rats..."

Among those disembarking a nearby ferry is a man whose appearance is aggressively bland, dressed in well-worn breeches and slacks in faded greys and browns with a leather scabbard on his hip. But as you turn your full attention to him, you note that there is no dull weight of Chamon lurking within the scabbard, only more traces of Ghur. Bone, then, and from something exotic for it to be able to serve as a long blade. Now that you're looking for it, you also spot the ivory buckle to his belt and the polished wooden toggles on his tunic. A Taalite, then, and one of particular zealousness, as mainstream Taalite strictures only frowned upon metal armour.

You say as much, and Kasmir nods. "There was a Stormguard last month, and what I think was an Amarite before that." Kasmir raises his tankard in greeting to the man, who turns at the movement, halts mid-step as he takes in the two of you observing him, and after a moment of thought he turns around and walks back aboard the ferry. "They're a practical lot, the Taalites."

"You knew he was coming?"

He nods. "There's not a boatman or docker on the Stir who would lightly invite Manhorak's displeasure, so they've been tipping the Council off about unusual travelers. Some of them go right into the Fenn, but others need a more measured response." He gives a half-smile. "Part of me wishes things were still simple - see Vampire, smite Vampire. But they weren't actually simple, were they? The complicated stuff was still there, it just wasn't getting done."

You nod in commiseration. "The reward for digging the best holes is to be taught about a new kind of shovel."

---

Reports from the EIC, like most streams of news and gossip in the Empire right now, are dominated by the matter of Nuln. You flick through the conflicting early reports until you get to ones written after the dust had settled and the damage tallied: what appears to have been a massive sinkhole opened up in the southeastern end of the Universität quarter of the Neuestadt district, and the Town Hall, the Hall of Archives, and the Imperial Gunnery School have collapsed into the cavern below. The death toll is not as high as it could have been if it opened up under a residential area, but those that were lost were several dormitories of what would have been the next generation of the Empire's siege engineers and artillerymen.

Unmentioned in any of these reports, but unmistakable to anyone who knows of the War Below, is those to blame for all of this. By all accounts Under-Nuln was absolutely flooded with soldiers and mercenaries, ostensibly to search for survivors, and that they all seem to have emerged again indicates that this was a parting shot from the Skaven as they withdrew from Under-Nuln, rather than the opening shot of a whole new war. Either Clan Skab did very poorly out of the civil war and felt unwilling or unable to fight a war with Nuln, or they did very well and were able to claim more prestigious and less contested territory, and have shifted their seat of power there. Whoever has taken up the Spymaster role for Wissenland seems to be a deft hand, because official blame was levelled against shoddy maintenance of the sewers below Nuln and unofficial blame against the city's mythical 'Night Market', a supposed secret city of mutants that is said to exist far below the city. Now the undercity is being flooded with engineers, architects, cavers, and regular patrols, with the Elector Count Konstantin von Liebwitz promising that the sewer system, famously dating back to the time of Sigmar, will never again be allowed to become a threat to the city above. Very neatly phrased, too neat for you to credit it to the plain-spoken man you encountered previously. Permanently shutting the Skaven out of Under-Nuln might be a poor compensation for the lives and records lost, but it would have to do.

Seriously, it would have to. The Empire doesn't need a vengeance-obsessed Elector Count dragging it into all-out war with the Under-Empire.

As you try to put the possibility out of your mind, you recall the Imperial Gunnery School sprouting off its new branch in Karag Nar, and the vast amount of institutional knowledge that had to be very laboriously taught and copied over to make it work. In the years to come it will all be copied back as the original is rebuilt, and you wonder how much would have been lost altogether if it hadn't all been so recently duplicated. You recall the words of the Magister Matriarch of the Celestial College, warning you to take good care of the Karag Nar branch. Very needed, indeed.

You do your best to turn your attention away from the matter. These were matters of concern to the Spymistress of Wissenland, and also theoretically to a Loremistress-at-Large of Karak Eight Peaks or a secret catspaw of the Empress, but not to someone trying to manage a research project on the other side of the Empire. Besides, a more pressing problem for you is your encounter in the northern wastes of Kislev, and your decision to remind Borek of your outstanding debt to him. When you did, he looked confused, then surprised, then thoughtful. 'I pass the debt to Gotrek's remaining kin,' he'd said. 'Poor recompense for the loss of a husband and a father, but there is no other I can make.'

Your current liquid funds, if converted from Imperial and Kislevite coinage to Dwarven, comes in at a little over 2,200 gold coins, which came from various windfalls and if exhausted would take half a decade of frugality to replace. It is just capable of repaying the 2,000 gold coins of the debt you now owe to Gotrek's widow. You'd found, to your surprise, that she'd ended up in Karak Eight Peaks, but instead of moving in to Karag Rhyn she'd joined the small community of Imperial Dwarves that have made a home in Karag Nar. This raises an interesting possibility, as with most of the economy of Karag Nar dominated by the EIC, there is what might be thought of as a more elegant way to repay the debt - credit her with that sum at EIC-backed establishments and allow it to disappear into the ledgers as just another operating expense. This could be classified as a form of embezzlement, but could also be classified as a good way to strengthen the EIC's good name and to gain influence over an unexpected but influential minority among Karag Nar's community. And besides, two thousand crowns in retail credit will cost the EIC significantly less than that in wholesale acquisitions.

Or you could abrogate the matter altogether, let them know that a debt you owed has been passed to them and let them decide how to use it. The ephemeral economy of boons is one very familiar to the Dwarves, and there could be services you could do for the two of them that money could not buy.

Or you could just... keep the gold. You did remind Borek about it when you could have not done that, but perhaps part of you thought he'd just wave it off and then you'd have done the right thing for free. And Borek is doing his best to die on the other side of the continent, he's not going to be dropping by to audit you.

Is this what we have become? one corner of your mind asks. Robbing the widow of a comrade in arms?
This is what we have always been, another counters. We have done worse to achieve a fraction of the good that much gold could accomplish, and will do so again.
To at least consider it is what we seek to be, a third muses. A Grey Wizard weighs all possibilities, not just the nice ones.

You absently push a gold coin around the table, your attention turned inwards as you observe in fascination as parts of your mind war against each other.

[ ] [DEBT] Pay in coin
[ ] [DEBT] Pay in credit
[ ] [DEBT] Owe a boon
[ ] [DEBT] Don't pay



Library Purchases:
[ ] [LIBRARY] Colleges of Magic
Name four magical, non-divine topics to acquire all available Empire books on.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Barak Varr booksellers
Name three public topics to acquire all available Empire and Dwarven books on.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Library of Mournings
Name two non-magical topics to hire Cityborn scribes to copy all available Laurelorn books on.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Back-fill.
Instead of seeking books on specific topics, give a very broad direction and have your bookselling contacts grab everything on it that you don't already have, with special attention to existing but incomplete topics. Possible categories: Dwarven religion, human religion, geography, war and combat, social science, natural science, applied science.

Dwarf Favour Purchases
Aethyric Vitae can be spent instead of favour at an exchange rate of 3 favour per gallon; for Rune-related purchases, this will also guarantee the cooperation of Runelords who may otherwise be disinterested. To use this, simply add 'paid by Vitae' or similar to an item you are voting for.
[ ] [DWARF] No purchase.
[ ] [DWARF] Write-in.

College Favour Purchases
[ ] [COLLEGE] No purchase.
[ ] [COLLEGE] Write-in.

Other Purchases
[ ] [PURCHASE] No purchase.
[ ] [PURCHASE] Write-in.



- There will be a twelve hour moratorium as various purchase plans are dug back up and I get a night's sleep.
- This kind of is a relitigation of a previous vote, but I did see an awful lot of people speculating that Borek was going to shrug and say 'keep it'. I want an explicit answer before I write it into Mathilde's psyche.
- Don't worry too much about trying to work expenses around each other, if you end up going into the negatives a bit as a cumulative result of this set of votes I'll allow you to repay it with future income without penalty.
  </body>
</html>