<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Eight)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Eight)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[x] Onwards And Foe-Wards: The only way to truly end the Suysh threat is to destroy them at the source, to ensure that they cannot continue threatening the sector forever. This will, if only temporarily, take the Blood Ravens beyond the confines of the Imperium along with the Scarlet Lions. But the value cannot be understated. The Imperium would surely look kindly upon removing the Suysh as a continuing threat, including the Inquisition...if successful, of course. [Write-In Forces Allotted] Not Required, Will Mean Blood Ravens do not pursue Suysh Homeworlds if no forces are allotted.<br/>
-[X] Following The Letter: Some Blood Ravens must stay behind if the rest of the Chapter leaves, if only to ensure that they are perceived as still performing the task asked of them by combating the Suysh in the Jahal System.<br/>
--[X] 10th Company+fleet, 4 techmarines, 2 apothecaries, 2 chaplains<br/>
-[X] If Some Go, Some Stay: If the Litany of Fury is pulled from its current position, it will need to replaced, if only temporarily. [Write-In Ships Exchanged For Litany of Fury Arrival]<br/>
--[X] Exchange Strike Cruiser - Ravenous Spirit (2nd) and Strike Cruiser - Legacy of Polonius (4th)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
Moratorium For 3 Hours. <br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b><br/>​</div><b>No Idle Hands: 68</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>It was a tense time, waiting for the <i>Litany of Fury </i>to arrive. Unluckily for the Suysh, in the time it takes for the astropathic messages to bounce from the main Chapter Fleet to where the 5th Company is stationed is spent with those Blood Ravens present continuing to execute various portions of the devised plan. The Scarlet Lions too, accepting the explanation for the wait with barely contained frustration, elected to try and kill as many xenos as possible in the meantime. Thus, by the time the venerable battle barge that once served as the flagship of Gabriel Angelos in his time as a Captain of the Blood Ravens had arrived, tens of thousands more Suysh were dead. The 10th Company scouts truly showed their mettle, and worthiness for possible future promotion, in those days of combat. Many a factorum was cleansed and reclaimed, old defenses reactivated and rebuilt, with the Suysh forced out of their misappropriated homes. Without any more Queens to sustain their numbers nor to command them intelligently, the scouts focused their efforts on a top-down approach to the entire affair. The less leadership the Suysh possessed, the more animalistic they became. When the <i>Litany of Fury</i> arrived out of the warp, guided there with the aid of the Librarius acting as a focus point, there were no Royal Guard left in existence in the Jahal System. Bereft of their authority, and purposefully located with Librarian support, the 10th Company also executed the last of the alien psykers who had begun taking on leadership status in the interim. Without Royal Guard or Void Screamers, the next in line were the Hungerers, who were brought down with repeated deep striking by the terminators of both chapters present.<br/>
<br/>
But the time came, as it had to, with the <i>Litany </i>and all other ships receiving maintenance and repairs - especially the battle barge <i>Scion of Honor</i>, which had nearly shattered itself with the daring maneuver to emerge from the Warp without a care for gravimetric concerns. All those wounded had been healed to highest extent by the exceptional abilities of the Apothecarium, the dreadnoughts had been granted time to sleep, and the coordinates were locked in.<br/>
<br/>
"Force Commander Bartorius, assemble your ships as close as possible to the <i>Litany of Fury. </i>When we pass beyond the confines of the Astronomicon, your astropaths and Librarians must focus upon the Beacon Psykana," Gabriel transmitted to the nearby waiting ships. "Should their gaze waver, you may be lost to the Emperor forever."<br/>
<br/>
"I wilt admiteth, Chapter Master Angelos, I has't nev'r hath heard of such a device before. How couldst any device possibly projecteth the Emperor's gaze in such manner?"<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel shifted uncomfortably within his armor at the question. It was one that had burned in the heart of the Blood Ravens for millennia, yet none had truly come to a conclusive answer. Just another question that his chapter might never know the answer to.<br/>
<br/>
"We do not know, for certain, Force Commander. It was forged by the great Azariah Vidya, a great hero of the Chapter past, long ago. Yet it functions, and with it, we may strike both at the Suysh and these false marines who deigned to try and use the name of the Scarlet Lions as masks."<br/>
<br/>
The line went silent for a moment before crackling to life once more.<br/>
<br/>
"...very well, Angelos. Forsooth, mine brother hath fought alongside yours well enough thus far, and hath found their character tempered and fine. I shall trust you in this endeavor."<br/>
<br/>
It was a startlingly rare statement, and one that Gabriel had certainly not expected. The vast majority of all Imperial organizations, even their fellow astartes, had long held suspicions towards the Blood Ravens. For the Scarlet Lions to decide they were trustworthy was...appreciated. There was no other way that Gabriel knew to express it. <br/>
<br/>
"Understood. Then let us depart, and see to the end of these vile aliens!"<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel then nodded up at Hadrian, ensconced as the Master of the Fleet was within the command throne of the <i>Omnis.</i> <br/>
<br/>
"Attention, all ships! Prepare for warp transition!"<br/>
<br/>
The universe shuddered ever so slightly as a hole was torn through it, and the eye-melting colors of the Immaterium were revealed. Slowly, the various ships began to advance, the <i>Litany of Fury </i>in the very center of the formation, until all had passed through the forced entryway and it had closed behind them leaving no immediate sign of their passage at all. <br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================<br/>​</div><b>Warp Travel: 84</b><br/>
<br/>
The transition from being within the bounds of the Astronomicon and being without it was not immediately discernible to those who did not count themselves amongst the ranks of astropaths, navigators, or Librarians. Then came the rumbles and shakes of ship superstructures. The techmarines and their servitors began to rush about as the gellar fields began to strain and spark, the generators pushed alternatively to overdrive and then nearly shut off from lack of activity. There was a particular horror that could not properly be expressed to those who did not understand the technical information provided by the cogitators, the absolute certainty that the stresses upon the gellar fields in certain sections were distinct and targeted. To not only know, but see verifiable evidence of other beings, other intelligences probing the defenses that were all that lied between the ships and being invaded, transformed, or torn apart. Or all three at once. But throughout it all, the Beacon Psykana pulsed, a steady beat of light that was but a pale thing of wan illumination compared to the soul-searing power of the Astronomicon. Yet for all that, a thready candle was better than utter darkness. A week of warp travel, during which there was but relentless training and preparations made, yet to know precisely just when they had left and arrived by the reckoning of proper reality could not be known while within the confines of the Warp. <br/>
<br/>
One day before transitioning back into the Materium, the <i>Omnis Arcanum </i>was rocked by an impact that nearly overwhelmed the systems, followed by a keening screech that infested the dreams of all who lived on the ship and set many serfs to bleeding from the ears no matter where they had slept in the ship. The Librarians, ever seekers of knowledge, consulted the thorough records of the Blood Ravens on such phenomena and found that even in the engrammatic records there existed no precisely congruent source of such things. Thus, they concluded, something within the Warp had attempted entry on the venerable ship, and it had either been very, very new, or very, very old. But it mattered little, for the fleet was able to conclude warp transition. Void shields were raised, weapon arrays readied, bombardment cannons loaded, for the Blood Ravens were plunging into the heart of the enemy, and though they had clearly lost ships trying to retake the Jahal system, it would be the height of folly to assume that there was no home guarding fleet. <br/>
<br/>
The Suysh Home System was a large one, a blazing yellow star at its center. Five worlds, three of them terrestrial, two enormous gas giants, slowly orbited the sun. Most importantly, however, was the incredibly thick asteroid belt on the outermost ring of the system, rather than somewhere within it. It was this asteroid belt that met the ships of the space marines first, rattling against the void shield. <br/>
<br/>
But none of that matters. <br/>
<br/>
What matters is that the two of the worlds of the Suysh have already fallen. The immediate long range scans are clear, they came under assault and were destroyed. A great number of orbital stations are currently burnt wreckage or being crushed by the atmospheres of the gas giants, having been pushed out of orbit and down through one method or another. Those over two of the terrestrial worlds were clearly used against the Suysh, an act Gabriel approved of if one efficiently and without too many casualties. The Blood Raven ships and those of the Scarlet Lions cautiously but swiftly move through the outer reaches of the system, until finally they are sighted over the last of the Suysh homeworlds, the last viable planet in the system at all with defenses and inhabitants. The 'Scarlet Lions', though you now know them not to be, have lost their escort frigates, with no sign of where they've gone. Their ship is heavily battered now, far in excess of the minor damage that had been sighted beforehand. But that, too, is not precisely what matters. <br/>
<br/>
What matters is that they are chasing another ship, rather than doing anything to the Suysh orbital stations firing at them. And that ship is, itself, not of xeno origin. Rather it is of Imperial design. More specifically, of <i>Astartes</i> design. A strike cruiser, bearing no sigil or code - the latter of which is confusing even to the cogitators. You can plainly see it is a strike cruiser, a vanguard variant specifically, but other than that it is impossible to say. Nevertheless, the 'Scarlet Lions' are chasing after the ship with reckless abandon and ruthless aggression, firing every weapon they can at the comparatively weaving and ducking target whose shields generators are clearly damaged. All the while, Suysh orbital weaponry shoots at them both. As your ships continue forward, you watch as the vanguard cruiser is struck on the rear with repeated fire from the bombardment cannon of the 'Scarlet Lion' vessel, and begins crashing down on the last remaining Suysh home planet.<br/>
<br/>
Only then does the vox crackle.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master Angelos, you've...finally arrived," came the sibilant voice of Master Akermian with obvious strain. "Excellent, let join forces once more. We have located-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Blaggards and rapscallions!" Bartorius rants, transmitting solely to the <i>Omnis</i>, "You spoke verily, Angelos! Those ships doth truly bear the signals and sigils of the 8th Company! That vessel be Scarlet Lion, but those who stalk its halls be false!"<br/>
<br/>
"-heretics and traitor space marines," Akermian continues, unaware of the interruption. "Clearly, they are how the Suysh knew to invade our worlds, and thus they are responsible for all the death that the Suysh have brought to the Imperium!"<br/>
<br/>
Yet even as he speaks, the guns of his strike cruiser finally turning on the xeno platforms surrounding them, Gabriel could not will his ships forward fast enough to stop the inevitable. The already heavily damaged and now possibly stolen Scarlet Lion ship was already breaking apart. Its engines flared brightly, but they could not stop the ship as it too began to enter the atmosphere despite the will of those who inhabited it. <br/>
<br/>
"Gah! Angelos, you must aid us, in the name of the Emperor!" Akermian yelled, his channel filled with greater and greater static before the transmission cut out entirely. <br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master, what do we do?" Martellus asked, turning to him. "We could easily take down those Suysh orbitals, but...afterwards...,"<br/>
<br/>
All of those on the bridge turned slightly to gaze at the stoic Chapter Master, who stood motionless as his eyes studied the tactical screens. Perhaps ironically, perhaps not, the two strike cruisers were crashing down in the same area of the Suysh planet. It possessed only two continents, and towards the colder and more inhospitable northern pole both ships were going down only a few dozen miles away from one another, though whether this was because of intent last-minute adjustments with barely functioning engines or not was hard to tell. If those inhabiting either ship truly were space marines, a number of them would most certainly survive the crash. Whether they would survive the Suysh swarming over them afterwards was another question all together. In his heart, Gabriel was furious at the false lions, for their actions had led directly to the death of Blood Ravens, yet as a Blood Raven he desired greatly to unravel the mystery before him. If they had been able to come earlier, perhaps they might have had different choices, the ships that were currently falling through the Suysh atmosphere showed clear signs of fighting one another for some time now. But there was no point speculating now. <br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Arrival! The Suysh Home System Has Been Reached!<br/>
The Suysh possess one world left in the system that is viable, the other two terrestrial planets destroyed, the orbital habitats elsewhere destroyed. The False Scarlet Lions, led by 'Master Akermian', have succeeded in locating their quarry, shooting them down over the last Suysh Homeworld. Yet, so focused there were on their task that they were soon shot down as well by the remaining ignored Suysh defenses. Both ships are crashing near the north pole of the planet, and long-range scans have confirmed that the majority of the Suysh on the planet live elsewhere, making the location relatively isolated. Yet, there is no doubt that the Suysh will be sending forces to kill the invaders soon enough. Should the Blood Ravens assist the Scarlet Lions, or accost them? There also remains the possibility of communicating with the new and unidentified strike cruiser's inhabitants. Force Commander Bartorius is incensed, as are all of the true Scarlet Lions, and wishes to solve this mystery, possibly to the death of the False Lions. But it is the Blood Ravens, with greater ships and firepower, with greater numbers of troops, who will decide what is to occur in the here and now. Afterwards, the Suysh cannot possibly stop orbital bombardment, regardless of the outcome of the False Lion situation.</b>​</div><br/>
<br/>
<b>Orders, Chapter Master? Voting Moratorium For 3 Hours. <br/>
[] Write-In </b></div>
  </body>
</html>