<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Battle of the Shirokij, Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Battle of the Shirokij, Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Leader
Seek and engage the hidden watcher.

Tally



To an outside perspective, between one second and another the Wizard and her steed simply vanished. To an outside perspective familiar with Grey Magic, now would be a good time for everyone opposed to that Wizard to start checking over their shoulder. Enveloped within Shroud of Invisibility, you do your best to tune out the din of battle and try to focus on the discordance in the shadows, as to leave the leader of this host to their own devices could be disastrous.

[Mathilde spotting Drycha: Intrigue, 24+27+10(Windsage)=61 vs 69+25+10(Trait: Hidden Watcher)-20(Rejected by the Forest)=84.]
[Drycha spotting Mathilde: Intrigue, 27+25+10(Trait: Hidden Watcher)=62 vs 21+27+10(Invisibility)=58.]
[How is Drycha hiding?: Learning, 10+29+5(Diplomacy: Eonir)=44.]

As you move through the forest, you quickly grasp what you're not looking for. You're familiar enough with how the Winds move during battle to be able to spot a whorl of Ulgu where there shouldn't be one, and the absence of any indicates that your target is hidden in some other way. You turn your eyes to the trees themselves, both to the branches a watcher might be perched upon or the trunks that a Forest Spirit might lurk within, but you see nothing that might be your opponent.

[Woodsmen vs Dryads - Martial, 72+15+10(Milica)+10(Kreml Guard support fire)=107 vs 14+20+10(outnumber)=44.]

With a sliver of your attention you're unable to completely tear away, you note that the Dryads on the road are being brutalized by the foresters they face, in no small part thanks to Milica in the fray and the support fire of the Kreml Guard.

[Mathilde spotting Drycha: Intrigue, 48+27+10(Windsage)=85 vs 20+25+10(Trait: Hidden Watcher)-20(Rejected by the Forest)=35.]
[Drycha spotting Mathilde: Intrigue, 35+25+10(Trait: Hidden Watcher)=70 vs 41+27+10(Invisibility)=78.]

You almost kick yourself when you see it. You spent your formative years in a liminal realm, checking for one here should have been the first thing you thought of, especially after having seen Laurelorn's in action so recently. The Dreaming Wood, Queen Marrisith had called it, as close as a thought and writhing with indignation at the being within it. With careful steps you approach the ripple in the surface of reality that signifies something of significant metaphysical size moving on the other side, shadowing it as it approaches the battle.

[Woodsmen vs Dryads: Martial, 100+15+10(Milica)+10(Kreml Guard support fire)+5(outnumber)=140 vs 45+20=65.]
[Boris vs Manticore: Martial, 83+20+10(Shard Blade)=113 vs 48+25+5(Frenzy)=78.]
[Ljiljana vs Treeman: 80, 92.]
[Kreml Guard firing on river Dryads: Martial, 91+20=111.]
[Rolling...]

And what a battle it is proving to be, as the Dryads fall as readily as the trees they protect, battle cries springing from the lips of the woodsmen as they practice their trade. Behind them the Manticore has attempted to dive upon the Tsarevich and impaled itself upon his readied glaive, and in the river a wave of ice has crept up the legs of the approaching Treeman as Ljiljana adds her strength to Nadezhda. With a series of hollow, echoing cracks craters open in the Treeman's body as the freezing sap expands within its body, and arrows begin to punch into these craters as the Kreml Guard turn their attention from the few remaining Dryads in the river to the Treeman. The ripple seems to react to this, moving faster and with purpose, and as soon as you extrapolate its course and confirm its intentions you teleport over to Ljiljana intercept it.

[Mathilde counterambush: Martial, 24+23+10(surprise)+10(invisible)=67 vs 74+20-20(Rejected by the Forest)=74.]
[Ljiljana reaction: 81.]

Within the fallen trunk of a dying tree, the writhing fabric of reality is slit open and an avatar of embittered wrath wriggles forth, ephemeral spirit solidifying into the substance of the tree that allowed it entrance into the world. Glowing eye sockets lock onto Ljiljana as the being silently wrestles itself free of the trunk, and then it leaps with outstretched talons, flying right into-

Right over your blade.

With inhuman speed it twists in mid-air to avoid the swing of Branulhune, and what would have been a fatal swoop turns into an ungainly tumble as it skids through mud and leaf litter. Ljiljana turns with a fistful of ice, redirecting her stream of frost at this new foe, and it is forced to skitter backwards on all fours to avoid it. Heads turn and a cry goes up as the Kreml Guard notice this unexpected intruder behind their lines.

[Mathilde interception: Martial, 85+23+10(invisible)=118 vs 38+20=58.]

To its credit, the being only takes a second to react to this change in circumstances, managing to leap to its feet without losing its momentum away from Ljiljana and starting to run back to the trunk that gave it form, where reality is still torn open and bleeding. Her speed is inhuman and her course was perfectly calculated despite the fact you are still invisible to mundane senses - the momentum of your swing has your blade too far away to react before she's past you. Against any ordinary swordsman, she would escape.

You are no ordinary swordsman, and Branulhune is no ordinary sword.

With a thought Branulhune vanishes from your hands and takes its momentum with it, and you swing empty hands towards the Dryad as it sprints past you, Branulhune reappearing with a painful jolt in time to catch it across the waist. Gromril tears through bark and wood and out the other side, sending two halves of the being flying, splinters and sap and malign energies filling the air. The top half hits the ground and then arrests its sprawl with talons dug into soil. It twists to look at you, glowing eyes locking onto yours as they glow even brighter with hatred and outrage. For a moment you think it is going to try to throw itself at you, but then the eyes dim slightly as Ulgu shivers through the air. You recognize teleportation cantrips starting to form, and have only a moment to act before it will be gone.


[ ] Counter
Attempt to disrupt the magic that the Dryad is performing, with the intention of forcing it to stay and fight.
[ ] Attack
Charge and attack the Dryad before it can complete its magic.
[ ] Dragonflask
Dragonflask.
[ ] Pursue
Pursue the being into the realm it is trying to retreat to.
[ ] Disengage
Let it retreat, and help mop up the remaining enemies.
[ ] Bind
You do know a range of techniques for binding Apparitions, and a Forest Spirit is metaphysically similar enough that it may be possible to bind this being to you.


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Dice rolls: Round 1, Round 2, Round 3, Round 4.
- The 'Bind' option was suggested by @pucflek here and its inclusion in the above list of options is not a statement on my part as to how reasonable an idea it may be.
  </body>
</html>