<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Karak Eight Peaks: Expeditionary Epilogue 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Karak Eight Peaks: Expeditionary Epilogue 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Karag Nar penthouse

[*] This is Dawongr Weber's money. The funds will largely go projects within the Karaz Ankor - your tower for one, but also investing in the Undumgi or Ulrikadrin, or purchasing goods made by Dwarven artisans or sold in the markets of Barak Varr.

[*] Write a series of papers on the magical phenomena you witnessed. Or better yet, get your Journeymanlings to do the actual writing.
[*] Convince Esbern and Seija to stay long enough to deal with the spiders in the Chiselwards.
[*] There's a growing concentration of royalty here. Get to know King Kazador, and this 'Sky-Thane' Prince Gotri.



The uppermost chamber of Karag Nar was once beautiful, and enough of that shines through three thousand years of neglect that you can't look past it. A 360-degree view, a commanding position atop what will be the human quarter of the Karak, fully exposed to the sunrise and sunset so there's no shortage of Ulgu, and far enough up the stairs from the inhabited parts of the Karak that anyone approaching could trip any number of alarms, alerts and precautions before they're even able to knock on your door. The bosspole is added to your growing collection of trophies, the Skaven skulls gathered up in a sack and delivered to the Halflings to be ground into bonemeal, and by the time you return to take care of the wyvern rib cage, Wolf has discovered it and is chewing on a rib that outweighs him with enthusiasm and vigour, unknowing or uncaring that all scraps of meat and marrow have long since rotted away.

Your haul in silver is another concern, but if it never leaves the Karaz Ankor then it never really breached the Vow of Poverty, right? You've got an established relationship with the Dwarves and part of that is engaging in fair pay for fair work, which is an important part of Dwarven culture. A Magister's tithe is 5%, and you put aside 184 of the silver ingots to be delivered to the Grey College at a later date.

---

Esbern and Seija return from Ulrikadrin in high spirits, having accounted for a Dragon Ogre between the two of them, and now each sports an armband of draconid talons. Johann has been scarce lately, and you suspect he's been making forays into the Underway, but with the Expedition disintegrating what little authority you had over him is gone, and at least he was good enough to give you his notes, which are densely written in a neat hand and surprisingly insightful. With Panoramia and Maximilian pulled away from your new friends, the meeting of the minds begins.

[Amber insight: 49.]
[Jade insight: 77.]
[Gold insight: 97+10(Johann's notes)=107.]
[Grey insight: 52+10(Windreader)=62.]
[Dictating a paper: Learning, 76+20=96.]

The first matter is on Runecraft in general, and unsurprisingly it's Maximilian's insights and Johann's notes that do the heavy lifting, but Panoramia delivers a few details and even Esbern and Seija have something to say. You're not writing a paper yourself if you can at all help it, but you're more than able to boil down the observations into pertinent and potentially useful information and leave it in Maximilian's hands to be converted into a paper later.

[Amber insight: 37.]
[Jade insight: 61.]
[Gold insight: 61+10(Johann's notes)=71.]
[Grey insight: 98+10(Windreader)=108.]
[Dictating a paper: Learning, 95+20=115.]

The Anvil is the next topic, and though you had a spectacular view, perhaps events on the ground were less conducive to careful academic study. The Journeyman's ground-level observations are each rudimentary, but each represents a tangent you're able to build upon and transform into a detailed description into how the power was unleashed, and are even able to make a few guesses into how it was manipulated. The matter of the bolstering of the Undumgi and the possible long-term effects is one you can only really speculate upon, but they're intriguing speculations. If only you could spend an hour with an Anvil... but you doubt there's any amount of assistance you could give to the Karaz Ankor that would make them okay with you spiriting away their deepest secrets to be spread amongst the Umgi. Quite happy with the matter, you move on.

[Amber insight: 91.]
[Jade insight: 71.]
[Gold insight: 62+10(Johann's notes)=72.]
[Grey insight: 1+10(Windreader)=11.]
[Dictating a paper: Learning, 27+20=47.]
[Amber dictating a paper?: 19.]
{Panoramia? 44.]
[Max? 16.]

Unfortunately, at the third and final topic, you flounder. Perhaps it's a side effect of your unique exposure to it, but any attempts for you to describe the flow of Waaagh energy fall flat, and you keep finding yourself reaching for words that don't exist. Esbern and Seija take the fore, perhaps more used to the crude and animalistic energies of the Waaagh because of their familiarity with Ghur. All you can do is sit back and watch as the Journeymen put their heads together and come up with page after page of notes, but no matter how you try, or how they try, there seems to be no way of sewing together all of these data points into a single cohesive whole. As the conversation begins to get heated you step in to adjourn the topic, and can only hope that Maximilian is able to perform a miracle with the raw material he's been given.

[Amber insight: 99.]
[Grey insight: 71+10(Windreader)=81.]
[Writing a paper: 4+20-10(Practical)=14.]
[Dictating a paper: Learning, 44+20=64.]

Only yourself and Esbern and Seija have seen the Dragon Ogres, so you put your head down with them to try to collate what you've seen into a hypothesis, but it only takes a minute of scowling down at the empty sheet of paper before you call Maximilian back and offer him coauthor credit to take care of writing the bloody thing. With that taken care of, you're able to make quite a few observations of the effects of the volcanic lightning on the Dragon Ogres, and reach a number of speculative theories as to what more conventional lightning provides that the volcano doesn't.

[Writing a paper on Runes: Learning, 78+15=93.]
[Writing a paper on Anvils: Learning, 2+15=17.]
[Trying to salvage a paper on Anvils: 75+20-10(Practical)=85.]
[Writing a paper on Waaagh: 37-20=17.]
[Writing a paper on Dragon Ogres: 82+15=97.]

When you next see Maximilian several days later, he's got quite a mixed bag of papers to share with you. "Observations on Runecraft Made During The Expedition To Karak Eight Peaks" is an eyebrow-raising page turner, at least to those who share your interest in the details of how magical energies can be gathered and manipulated, and you're delighted to be able to put your name on it as coauthor.

Unfortunately, "Deployment of an 'Anvil Of Doom' During The Battle Of Karag Nar" is an absolute wreck of a paper, and it's clear that Maximilian misunderstood several fundamental details and then built on them. With a wince and a sigh you resign yourself to academic writing once more, and you explain to Maximilian where he went wrong as you rewrite pretty much the entire paper from scratch. He's quickly able to grasp the corrections and by the time you've filled the margins with notes and corrections he's eager to throw himself back into the fray, and the second attempt on the paper is greatly improved for it.

Third, the paper on the Waaagh energy is as terrible as you had feared, and with your own understanding of it continuing to elude anything that can be expressed with Reikspiel, all you can do is consign it to the flames as Maximilian nods in solemn agreement. You've still got Esbern and Seija's notes, so perhaps you'll be able to return to the topic with a fresh perspective after some time has passed.

The final paper, "Dragon Ogres and Volcanic Lightning", is a return to the quality of the first, and you're very pleased with how it turned out and are more than happy to give Maximilian part of the credit. You're also quite relieved to be detailing information as to why this isn't a possible existential threat to the Empire, which is quite different to how papers of this sort usually go.

---

The Chiselwards is still a mushroom farm, albeit one under very heavy guard, as transforming the tunnels and chambers into residences is to wait until the spider issue is resolved. Each guard post has been reinforced with stone and cannon, and the report you receive from the currently on-shift commanding officer is concerning - constant observation, and probing attacks from the smaller spiders, while larger ones watch from out of range. This is a level of organization you wouldn't have expected from spiders, and from their frowns, Esbern and Seija think the same. The bodies are dragged clear of the firing lines once the probes cease, and Esbern and Seija carefully study them, then begin to cut into them with obsidian knives as the curious Dwarf who followed you hastily returns back to his post.

"Juvenile?" Esbern asks. "No, look at the exoskeletal layers. Continuous growth?"

Seija's concerning herself with the head. "Even for their size, the fangs are unusually large. And look - no autonomic envenoming reaction. Hunters, rather than trappers."

"They've clearly got silk glands. Have there been any webs?" You pass the question on to the guards, and receive a shake of the head. "But from what you said they had a range. They're not trappers, they're not wanderers. They coexist. Sub-social hunters?"

"Brain is small, but always is for bugs. It's distributed through the body."

"It's grown, right?" Esbern asks again, sitting back from the cut he'd made along the spider's abdomen. "Molt marks, developed hairs... maybe not its maximum size but this is an adult, isn't it?"

"Like you said, exoskeleton. Count the molt layers. It's an adult."

"Then why's the ovary underdeveloped? Not even that, it's completely undeveloped. Late-life maturity?"

"Not with this level of density. Check the others."

"Female, female, female..." Seija flips a final unstudied spider. "Female. All similar size, too."

"They're the same size. A litter? Did these all attack together?"

The Dwarf in charge is very determinedly not watching, but he hears the question. "They're today's probes from all of the fortified points. We drag them out to the Halflings on shift change."

Esbern sighs. "Damn it. I hate hives."

"You hate anything that's not a mammal."

"It's a hive?" you interrupt.

"It's thinking like one," Seija confirms. "These ones are all the exact same size. For spiders, that means the same number of moltings, which means the same age. So siblings. If they attacked together they could be pack hunters, but they attacked different outposts. So either there's a lot that are the same age, or something about this birthing made them less valuable so they were sacrificed for information. On top of that, undeveloped ovaries is something you'd only see in adults if they were part of a hive with castes. These aren't breeders, so they don't develop the equipment for breeding. But if you want proof..." She stands and approaches the outpost, paying no attention to the Dwarves edging away from her. Ghur leaks from her fingertips, then lashes out at an observer far outside the torchlight. "Approach," she says, magic interlaced in her voice, but the creature remains impassive, staring back at her. "Groupmind. My spell doesn't work because the part that's doing the thinking isn't here."

"Can you communicate with it?"

"There's a spell called The Talking Beast, but I've yet to learn it. I'll need to send to Altdorf for the scroll. If you could write an authorization-"

"Of course."

"And get the Dwarves to deliver the message on one of their spinnythings, I can get started on learning it. It being a hive means we've got more time than I expected - they'll minimize activity and they won't fight over who gets eaten."

---

King Kazador, you discover, is a simple fellow. He likes fighting, ale, and his children. More than anyone he reminds you of Anton's father, Anton Senior, the Baron of Blutdorf. After you introduce yourself to him, he spends a while trying to figure out what your titles mean without giving up and asking, and then he finally latches on to the half-remembered fact that a Dame is a sort of land-owning Thane, and he slaps you on the back, extends an open invitation to join him in battling the greenskins, which is tied for songs and drinking as his favourite activity, and loudly laments that you were human, because otherwise he'd try to marry one of his innumerable sons off to you. Behind him, his eldest son, Prince Kazrik, is visibly mortified and looks like he wishes he could disappear up his own helmet.

"So, what sort of fellow is this Belegar then?" King Kazador asks. "Met him years back when he came to Karak Azul, which is no small feat. Or was, I suppose! Going to be easy as popping down to the Brewer's Guild for a barrel now, or so they tell me. Steamships up the Blood River, what will they think of next? But anyway, he came to Karak Azul and wanted a Throng to take the fight to here. Figured it was a fool's errand - maybe they don't keep track when they're wandering, but Karak Azul sure does, and from my count he's at least the tenth to try." With a grunt, he recocks his crossbow and slots into place a fresh bolt the Dwarf at his side had handed him. Just out of the light of the torches some of his Hammerers were carrying, goblins circled and tried to goad one another into being first to attack the intruders marching through their territory, and King Kazador's aim reducing their numbers by the minute certainly wasn't helping them find their courage. "More fool me, I suppose! We've heard of this 'Empire' of yours, but last time we walked the world your kind had barely started figuring out how to build huts in that overgrown valley. Didn't expect him to find a hundred thousand warriors, half manling and half from Holds that were barely mines when we last heard from them. What was I asking?"

"What sort of fellow Belegar is," you reply distractedly, your pistol tracking a particularly agile goblin who was scampering up a stalagmite with a knife in his teeth. With the clean crack of quality gunpowder igniting, he falls backwards with a squeal.

"Good shot."

"Thanks." You scan the darkness for your next target, your Magesight making it simple as emotion draws the Winds to them and tiny slivers of Waaagh energy, too dispersed to do anything but give the greenskins' locations away, crackles through the air. "He's a dab hand with that hammer of his, he struck down the Warboss at the East Gates in a handful of seconds. But as a leader I'd say he's an organizer. Makes sure the right leaders are in charge of what they're best at, and makes sure there's enough supplies that everyone's fed and armed and ready to fight."

A particularly sneaky Goblin covered in rock dust had been making his careful way to the rear of the Hammerers for the past few minutes, but as he finally saw a chance and leapt forward with a dagger in each hand, King Kazador's crossbow bolt caught him in the side and flung him backwards, and one of the rearmost Hammerers paused their advance to deliver the killing blow. "I've got people for that," he says. "But I suppose not everyone can be me. Sounds like my lad here." He slaps a hand down on Kazrik's shoulder. "He's a thinker, like his mother. Do you think Belegar'd get on with your sister?" Prince Kazrik mutters a distracted response, both hands firmly clutching his axe and focused more on the Goblins than his father's questions. "It sounds like that lass from whatdoyoucallit - Karak Izor? has had a head start. Still, I'd put money on my Kazrina any day. After all," he says, suddenly grinning. "Haven't ever heard of copper beating iron, have you?" Prince Kazrik groans at his father's joke, and you have to raise your pistol again to keep from rolling your eyes. Crack. "Good shot. Maybe there's something to this blackpowder business after all."

---

If there's one thing Dwarves and Stirland Peasants have in common, it's how much importance there is placed upon the sprawling family trees. The first thing to do after you introduce yourself to Prince Gotri Stoneheart, who's currently up to his waist in gyrocopter parts, is to mention your encounter with his kin: Thane Thori Stoneheart, who had led the Dwarven force in the Drakenhof campaign. "Uncle Thori," he says instantly, only slightly muffled by his head being jammed into a massive contraption of iron and brass. "He spoke quite highly of you. Said Castle Drakenhof would still be standing if you hadn't taken over the manling forces."

"Could be," you say. You don't like to remember that campaign too much, but you did remember not everyone was as keen as the Dwarves to push on to the end of the campaign.

"And here you are again." He looks at you from between two sets of pipes. "Why did you join what had to seem like such a risky enterprise?"

You shrug. "I was looking for purpose when King Belegar called for aid."

"Just like that?" The Dwarf has turned his eyes back to the machine, and you hear a ratcheting as something is either tightened or loosened.

"Just like that. What about you? Would have thought the heir to Zhufbar would stick closer to Zhufbar."

"I suppose the former Spymaster of Stirland would know such things." He carefully withdraws himself from the machinery, one hand holding his beard safely against his chest to keep it from getting tangled. "Got to be friendly with the High King, and nothing like sending your firstborn to make him feel comfortable. Nobody outright says hostages, but..."

"I thought the Old Holds got along better than that."

"Hah!" he scowls and wipes his hands on a rag. "'The Old Holds', they say. We trace our Holds all the way back to the Golden Age, whereas the Young Holds only grew to prominence after the Time of Woes. So supposedly we're the template of what a 'proper' Dwarf is supposed to be. But if you actually look at those Holds, it's completely different. Barak Varr is as cosmopolitan as any city I've ever heard of, Karak Kadrin thrives on trade with Ostermark and Kislev - they just built a canal for the former - and my own Zhufbar is the cutting edge of invention and innovation. What does that leave? Karak Azul, who until literally this week nobody but Karaz-a-Karak had any contact with? As far as I can see, the only 'Old Hold' is Karaz-a-Karak, who are so very keen to tell everyone to get to dying so they can cross out Grudges that they can't see, or don't care, that the world is moving and it is going to leave us behind if we don't adapt. Thorgrim's better than some, but he only really cares about innovation if it's new ways of setting old scores."

---

As well as the authorization for Seija's spell scroll, you bundle up copies of your completed papers. The Grey College isn't quite as focused on academia as some, but it still pays to keep your name in people's minds, and a few fresh insights from the far south should help give people the idea that you're blossoming into a perfectly valid candidate for Lord Magister. You also assemble your cargo of 184 silver ingots to be tithed, which in total weigh almost as much as you do, and once more mentally repeat your rehearsed explanation to the Bursar. You also have to decide whether you'll be remaining here or returning to the Empire in the near future, as the Grey Order does like to be kept abreast of such things.

[ ] Remain in Karak Eight Peaks, either in the employ of Belegar or pursuing your research.
[ ] Return to the Empire, either to seek employ there or to return to your holdings in Stirland.

You've also got to decide whether to bring an additional cargo: the allegedly Lustrian eggs you purchased in Barak Varr. If you suspect you won't have time to properly hatch and investigate them, you could turn them over to the Amber College or the Imperial Zoo.

[ ] Give them away...
- [ ] To the Amber College
- [ ] To the Imperial Zoo
[ ] Keep them to be hatched.

And then there's after your return, which will be tomorrow. Tomorrow. Wonderful devices, gyrocopters.


Vote for as many as you like. The three with the most votes will be selected.

[ ] Speak with King Belegar and King Kazador about the relationships and apparent rifts between Dwarfholds.
This suggests a future assisting Karak Eight Peaks with foreign relations, as a Spymaster focused on threats outside the Karak.

[ ] Scout the rest of the Eight Peaks, to find out what other horrors are waiting out there.
This suggests a future assisting Karak Eight Peaks with its reconquest, as a Spymaster focused on threats within the Karak.

[ ] Try to follow Johann, to see what he's getting up to.
This suggests a future assisting Karak Eight Peaks with its reconquest, as a Spymaster focused on threats within the Karak.

[-] Convince Esbern and Seija to stay long enough to deal with the spiders in the Chiselwards.
This will continue in the coming turn, and will not take up a selection.

[ ] Join Karak Azul as they raid and scout in force the other portions of the Karak.
This suggests a future assisting Karak Eight Peaks with its reconquest, as a battlefield wizard.

[ ] Claim the site where Ranald mugged Mork and build a shrine to Ranald there.
This suggests a future assisting Karak Eight Peaks, as leader of the Undumgi and point of contact for the Ulricans.

[ ] Though your future relationship with the spiders is still unknown, they do appear to be a new species and you do have a number of corpses available. Have Esbern and Seija help you autopsy the creatures for a paper.
This suggests a future of investigation and study at Karak Eight Peaks, and perhaps helping Johann poke at Skaven technology.

[ ] King Belegar is allowing you to use the King's Armoury. Recover your extant study materials from Stirland and tuck them away safely in there.
This suggests a future catching up on your pre-existing study topics.

[-] Convince Esbern and Seija to stay long enough to hatch the supposedly Lustrian eggs and study and possibly train whatever hatches.
Esbern and Seija are currently occupied with the spiders.

[ ] All this time away has made you miss your friends, and you'll be practically next door in Altdorf. Visit Anton and Wilhelmina.
This suggests a future in Stirland, whether Roswita likes it or not.

[ ] Make a full report on the geopolitical troubles among the Dwarven Empire, even though some of it was said to you in confidence.
This suggests a future performing an assignment the Grey Order thinks is suited to you.

[ ] You've been out of touch for a while. Linger in Altdorf after you visit the College and catch up with what's been happening in the Empire.
This suggests a future seeking employment on the Council of an Elector Count.


- Prince Gotri is a young firebrand, take his words as his personal opinion rather than a 100% accurate Word-of-God statement.
- College Favour will be tallied in the coming turn.
- You can vote to remain in K8P and still take options that suggest work in the Empire, or vice versa.
  </body>
</html>