<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 (Part Six): By Duty, Bring Death</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 (Part Six): By Duty, Bring Death</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> Plan Forward Unto Conclusion</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Forward Unto Conclusion<br/>
-[X] Hold Your Ground<br/>
--[X] All ground forces currently deployed to Dustbloom. Once the 5th lands, if local IG defenses have held, coordinate timing with them to switch to offense to start taking down orbitals again.<br/>
--[X] 4th Company Fleet transit from Shinehole to begin assisting with orbital bombardment<br/>
-[X] Something Else<br/>
--[X] Deploy the 5th Company into the Rearmost Guard Positions to fortify and support a second front. Once they have landed, if local IG defenses continue to hold, coordinate timing with the 4th to switch to offense to start taking down orbitals again.<br/>
-[X] Fortification Actions<br/>
--[X] All currently landed forces<br/>
-[X] Holding Actions<br/>
--[X] 1st Company to take to the front when they finish landing.<br/>
--[X] 1st Company Fleet w/ Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chapter Master's Honor Guard (all forces remaining there) transit from Spinesnap. When they arrive, link up with 1st Company and begin a new offensive push, and try to engage and eliminate ork leadership<br/>
-[X] Leave<br/>
--[X] Angelos - All forces</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>By Duty, Bring Death<br/>
+030.M42+ To +035.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain Now! Reward In The Afterlife!</i>+</b>​</div><b>Dustboom Combat (1)<br/>
Imperial Zone 1 Defenses: 64<br/>
Imperial Zone 1 Ork Attackers: 47<br/>
Imperial Zone 2 Defenses: 25<br/>
Imperial Zone 2 Ork Attackers: 22<br/>
4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Defenders: 50<br/>
5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Reinforcements:  91<br/>
Imperial Negotiations: 100<br/>
</b><br/>
Dustboom is a hellish planet, and the sands and dust of the place are painted red by the fighting. Hadrian drives his troops back and forth at weak points across the line, but there are not in fact that many to find. That is not to say the fighting is not brutal, but the commissars in charge here are skilled at whipping their troops into shape. Mechanicus adepts work frantically to set up their turrets and machine defenses, while suicidal troops pile up wire and bunker building materials. Elsewhere on the planet, the rear-held positions on the other side of the orbital cannon field of fire begin to waver under the vicious leadership of Killdakka. It is the successful intervention of the newly arrived 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company which pushes them back, Tarkus adding more armor to the defense, and shoring up positions that melted under fire.<br/>
<br/>
But all of that pales compared to a series of transports that soon arrive, heavy Mechanicus heraldry upon them, openly broadcasting prayer-cants to the Omnissiah. From these, stomping out as Tarkus watches, come three of the mightiest machines to ever exist on Dustboom’s surface. Three Imperial Knights, their armor and heraldry cleaned and gleaming, bearing the crests of the Houses of Legrin, Aerian, Xerult. There is little sign of the damage they sustained once, long ago, when the Blood Ravens accompanied the Mechanicus to their world, from an ork WAAAAGH!!! All three salute Tarkus as they pass, guns booming once, before they head out into the wastes, their target obvious with even a small amount of casual thought.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Combat (1)<br/>
Beachhead Holding: 74 <br/>
Blood Raven Holding: 30<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Reinforcements: 25<br/>
Ork Attackers: 50</b><br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Guard are no strangers to dying en masse. But neither is victory foreign to them. Anger and zealous hatred, purifying and powerful, burn bright in their souls. The orks may have pushed the Imperials and the Blood Ravens back, but as the fighting continues their progress begins to slow. The Guard knows how to hold a position, even to the death, and their fortifications around the incredibly important beachheads into the tunnel systems are proof of it. While the Blood Raven dreadnoughts are forced back, heavy bolter turrets and heavy weapon emplacements ensure that they survive the fighting though the damage is considerable. Repairs will be needed, certainly, in the long run. When the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company arrives, they are, to Marcus’ considerable consternation, unable to push the orks back any further either, and instead end up locked into a stalemate against the orks. At the least, the momentum build-up has been crushed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Warp Travel:  89</b><br/>
<br/>
But hopefully this will all change, when you arrive in orbit above the planet and proceed to deploying to fight alongside your brothers.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================​</div> <br/>
<b>Warp Travel: 95</b><br/>
<br/>
“That was fast,” Cyrus murmured, his eyes just to the side of Maphar, the Epistolary’s psychic light blazing out of him.<br/>
<br/>
The witchlight demanded that the serfs shy away, one unfortunately staring directly at the blaze the Librarian had become surrounded by and soon after having to be taken away from going insane. But the effects were undeniable. The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had practically <i>shot</i> through the warp, it almost felt like, even with the Gellar fields holding strong. Still, Cyrus knew well that even the shortest trip through the warp could become lost instantly, while longer trips could instead only take but a few months in the materium. There was truth behind the idioms of ships arriving four months <i>before</i> departing, sometimes arriving months or even generations before or after they were meant to originally arrive.<br/>
<br/>
“Is that a problem?” Maphar grunted out as he slowly and carefully released the power he had drawn to himself.<br/>
<br/>
“Not at all.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Tracking And Hunting: 77</b><br/>
<br/>
“KILLDAKKAAAAAAA!”<br/>
<br/>
The broadcast was cast across all of Dustboom, on every channel possible. It was impossible to ignore, impossible to miss. A great wave of orkish vehicles, trundling along, came to a violent halt as the supermassive machine in the middle of all them did the same. All around them was a dust storm kicked up by the weaponry being unleashed over and over again by the planet, reducing visibility even further. Scattered piles of scrap and hills of broken rusting metal were barely visible at all, even with the various appropriated scanning systems in Killdakka’s Ultrafortress. But these were unneeded as the source of the broadcast revealed itself.<br/>
<br/>
“You mongrel …dare you face a Knight of Trontiux!?”<br/>
<br/>
An Imperial Knight emerged from the dust, weapons bared and glowing with heat, as it came to a halt before the entire column. Three trukks charged immediately, only to be stomped and blown to pieces. For a moment, there was no response, before Killdakka’s voice crackled onto the vox.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, I iz gonna do more den <i>face</i> you. Yer stompa is gonna be extra flash for me Ultrafortress!”<br/>
<br/>
Twitching its weaponry slightly, the Knight flourished and let loose a cheery laugh.<br/>
<br/>
“Then come forth, and face me!”<br/>
<br/>
“WAAAAAAAGH!!!”<br/>
<br/>
The entire column exploded with the yelling, all charging forward and firing at the Knight who began to charge forward as well. A half dozen of the smaller vehicles were destroyed instantly, but there were far more than that. The weapons firing from Killdakka’s Ultrafortress struck hard against the Knight’s ion shielding, scoring superficial marks against its adamantium plating almost immediately.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Crossfire Assault: 91<br/>
</b><br/>
Which was when two more knights emerged from the sides, both assaulting from flanking positions where they had hidden around the bend of two piles of heavy scrap. Weapons firing wildly, all three Knights Errant-patterned machines crashed into the orks, enough light blooming from every weapon present to blind anyone watching with the naked eye. Three thermal cannons boomed, turning a dozen blowing waves of dust into glass which fell and shattered upon the earth. A massive reaper chainsword scraped low, catching a looted Leman Russ low and tearing it apart immediately upon rising. But far more of the tanks, trukks, and deff dreads were ignored for the true target.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Forward Charge (Legrin)<br/>
68 vs. 10</b><br/>
<br/>
While the back and sides of the Knight’s hull began to glow red from the weapons assaulting it, pockmarks being torn out of the adamantium from tank cannons striking it, the front remained inviolable. The directional ion shield sparked wildly as Killdakka’s gunners pointed as many guns as they could at it, but they could not stop its charge. Even as the Mekboss roared in dismay, the Knight of House Legrin slammed into the front of the machine, chainsword revving as it hacked and chopped at the Ultrafortress. Once its forward power shield bubbles popped, the thermal cannon began to fire at the same time. The Knight stumbled as the huge orkish face at the front of the Ultrafortress fired, a forcebeam nearly knocking it over entirely before it reset its stance.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pincer Crash Attempt (Xerult)<br/>
9 vs. 30</b><br/>
<br/>
While the underlying mechanisms behind ‘lifta droppa’ technology were unknowable, their effects were undeniable. From two gigantic claw-like prongs fired green lightning, dragging the Knight to its feet and sending it sliding left onto its side. Traktor cannons fired as well, humming columns of strangely colored light wrapping onto the god-machine and sending it skidding directly into a scrap pile, while a dozen sponson weapons fired on its sparking and failing ion shield. A frustrated scream could be heard coming from the Knight’s operator at the mistreatment of their machine.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pincer Crash Attempt (Aerian)<br/>
69 vs. 55</b><br/>
<br/>
More success was found as the third Knight made its way forward, if only just. Still, as its chainsword pierced the hide of the Ultrafortress, ramming it with enough speed to send its bulk skidding sideways, Killdakka grew only more furious. Power was rerouted from engines and their power fields, instead rerouting everything to the weapons. Firing rates grew faster and faster, barrels growing cherry red, while the traktor weaponry still functioning continued to make a mockery of the Xerult Knight’s efforts to get into the battle properly.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Combat (2)<br/>
Ork Attackers: 4 <br/>
Blood Raven Counter-Offensive: 79<br/>
Imperial Guard Counter-Offensive: 17</b><br/>
<br/>
“SHOW ME WHAT PASSES FOR FURY AMONGST YOUR MISBEGOTTEN KIND!”<br/>
<br/>
Your roar is only matched by the combined throats of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, bolters firing and blades growling.<br/>
<br/>
“NONE SHALL FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
No longer do these greenskins face but two techmarines and a scattering of dreadnoughts. Now they face the might of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. Of a Chapter Master. Of Hannibal. Of Apollo. Of the Honor Guard. Waves of orks die to your bolter fire, Marcus pushing ahead and firing his relic graviton pistol upon the most heavily armored mega nobs. In one cavern, a series of deff dreads are torn apart by missile launchers and power weapons, with yourself bringing one low by obliterating its knee with a single strike from <i>Godsplitter</i> and then smashing apart the armor between you and its cybernetically fused pilot.<br/>
<br/>
“Push forward, brothers! Onwards onto glory in the Emperor’s name!” Hannibal booms from atop the corpse of another ork, his crozius covered in the gore of the slain, a fist raised high.<br/>
<br/>
Behind the Blood Ravens come the Guard, cheering and firing as they come as well.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================<br/>​</div><b>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Orbital Assaults<br/>
55 vs. 42 <br/>
</b><br/>
“Hadrian, we are making our move now. Are you ready?” Tarkus called into the vox, though he knew the aggressive Priscus was likely already on the move as well.<br/>
<br/>
“Always, Tarkus. We’ve been ready since setting foot on this world. May the Emperor go with you.”<br/>
<br/>
Both spoke at the same time, a roar from both 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Companies as they rode out into the wastes, leaving the Imperial Guard behind. These were no feral orks of Trontiux, these had shootas and rokkit launchas aplenty, and the fighting grew hard immediately as the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company made its way deep into enemy held territory. While orbital fire lashed down at any greenskin armor which dared to leave their protective fielding, the Guard trying to rebuild their own defenses, the Blood Ravens forged ahead. But the orks were strong, in number and in looted or hand-built equipment. Nevertheless, they were ground back over time. <i>Tarantulus Ultima </i>was almost eager, it seemed, to face a worthy opponent rather than endlessly slaughtering feral orks on Trontiux.<br/>
<br/>
<b>4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Orbital Assaults<br/>
69 vs. 28<br/>
</b><br/>
On the other end of the ork-held territories of Dustboom, the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company ranged out again. Hadrian cared little for the methodical slow approach that the Codex recommended against unknown territory, preferring far more to bring the fight to the enemy as quickly as possible. This was what Brother Pellam told himself repeatedly as the Captain drove the land raider up a scrap mountain and off of it, to land on top of a stompa to send it crashing onto its back, only then reversing and firing with all weapons upon its newly broken open innards. The marine instead elected to fire with the twin-linked lascannon with unerring aim, despite his misgivings about his captain. Frankly, Pellam was pleased enough to have made it out of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and the unnerving and never-blinking scowl of Captain Cyrus. Still, there would likely be quite a few angry words exchanged between Master Martellus and Captain Hadrian about his regard for safety regulations on what he demaned from the <i>Litany</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================<br/>​</div><b>Engaged Knights Against Killdakka’s Column<br/>
97 vs. 24</b><br/>
<br/>
“Ee’s cutting the rolla up, boss! He’s cut through a ‘ole mess ov da Ultrafortress!”<br/>
<br/>
Killdakka roared and fired his Gorkeye, the energy beam turning the little grot to ash, slamming on every button around him. More and more guns sprouted out of the Ultrafortress, firing in the vague direction of the three Knights which were attacking his precious baby. With every blast of their Mork-damned cannons huge chunks of his Ultrafortress were melted away, vaporized, while their mega-choppas shredded their way further in. Dozens of orks in suddenly exposed hallways and gun-loading bays fired wildly to no avail, while the tanks wheeling about outside fired and failed to make it through the humie shields.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Last Knight Against Ultrafortress<br/>
82 vs. 48<br/>
</b><br/>
Things only got worse as the Ultrafortress was struck by a third massive bulk, sending the entire hulk scraping to the side. Then the third humie stompa, which had finally made its way up close, began broadcasting to Killdakka’s ever-escalating fury.<br/>
<br/>
“HA HA! YOU CANNOT STOP HOUSE XERULT! ‘EVER RELENTLESS’!!!”<br/>
<br/>
Killdakka yowled as his entire command center was broken open, the front of it where a half dozen passages leading elsewhere into the Ultrafortress melting completely from one of the humie cannons, the rest of it exposed to the screaming skies of Dustboom by the humie mega-choppa. From up close the noise erupting out of the growling weapon was loud enough to explode Killdakka’s eardrums entirely. Even then, he shifted his bulk and began firing with his looted flash-cannon, the welded human lasweapon screaming as it fired again and again upon the Knight which carved more and more slices of the Ultrafortress to pieces.<br/>
<br/>
“No, get off of me baby, you humie scum! I’ll zog ya! I’ll zog all of yaaaaa!!!”<br/>
<br/>
Two dozen guns all over Killdakka’s body began to fire, wired to his brutish mind, and fired relentlessly at the Knight of House Xerult, two solid inches of shells coating the ground at Killdakka’s feet within a minute.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Angry Knight vs. Angry Ork<br/>
8 vs. 10<br/>
</b><br/>
When the massive whirring blade swung down, Killdakka barely dodged out of the way, being thrown a dozen feet away by the sheer shockwave that resulted from the weight crashing down at high speed. Worse, the command throne was completely destroyed, making the Ultrafortress, already heavily damaged, go haywire. But Killdakka didn’t care, at the moment. He only had eyes for the Knight which was visible to him. That was soon enough extended to the other two machines, who had torn apart the Ultrafortress he had put so much work into for so long. Roaring, he fired in all directions, guns erupting from beneath his skin and bionic systems going into overdrive, the generator on his back going into overdrive as he tried to kill everything he saw.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Three Knights And One Ork: 75</b><br/>
<br/>
In the end, Mekboss Killdakka died how he lived; quickly and violently. Despite his extensive bionic replacements, how much of his body was covered in metal, and how much of it was <i>gun</i>, he melted away beneath a carefully targeted blast from a thermal cannon. The Knights continued on their way, tearing apart the entire Ultrafortress before turning away and facing the quickly fleeing orkish vehicles, the knowledge of what had just happened quickly propagating outward on panicked calls on primitive radios and stolen vox communicators. The Knights met in the middle of what was once the Ultrafortress, and faced each other.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, good for you. You finally showed up,” the House Legrin Knight broadcast, the pilot’s voice teasing.<br/>
<br/>
“Shut up. Let’s finish this fight,” the House Xerault Knight growled, stomping away.<br/>
<br/>
The remaining two Knights shifted slightly, facing each other, before following behind.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Combat (3)<br/>
Red Seeking Green: 51<br/>
Combined Assault: 80<br/>
Greenskin Defenders: 63<br/>
</b><br/>
“Status report!”<br/>
<br/>
You punctuate the yell with the slamming of <i>Godsplitter</i> against another ork, sending the pulverized corpse flying to the side. Waves of bolter fire tear apart the enemy, but they fight without a care for how many of their own die. Filthy xenos, but bolstered somehow by the knowledge that their Warboss – only just given into the role after Bonebreaka’s death. Apollo slams his own hammer against another ork, before turning to you, the Honor Guard surrounding you and providing a bulwark of ceramite and flesh.<br/>
<br/>
“We have found no sign of this new self-proclaimed Warboss,” Apollo shakes his head. “I spoke with the last two to see him, the techmarines Calus and Daedal. Apparently they collapsed the cavern on top of him in their retreat. Perhaps he is injured.”<br/>
<br/>
“Perhaps,” you nod, before ducking slightly as a missile goes flying off course and lands nearby, showering you in shrapnel. Superficial damage at the most, and thus you ignore it.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor!”<br/>
<br/>
Both of you turn to look at a passing charge of Guardsmen. Heedless of the casualties they’ve suffered, pursued doggedly behind by a commissar with a whip crusted in the blood of his subordinates, they charge forward firing all the while. Perhaps to the surprise of some of your youngest battle brothers, they are successful, a wave of grenades preceding them leaping into the orkish gun nest and bayoneting the enemy who survived. They fight, and fight well, here and now. Those that are too injured to fight on are slowly dragged away for the medicae to treat, while those that survive each successive push move forward. But soon afterward you return to the fight yourself. The orks are being pushed back once more, and you must find their leader before he can enact some insane plan or another, if the ork leaders of this WAAAGH!! have been any indication.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Speshul Delivery By Tellyporta!<br/>
89!<br/>
</b><br/>
An explosion of green-yellow lightning and some explosive decompression heralds the arrival of a great mob of orks. Several dozen guardsmen are slain instantly on sheer proximity, their bodies twisted inside and out by the torn immaterium before it is stitched back together. There is zero hesitation from the orks as they immediately charge out in all directions, firing and hacking away at all they can reach. Their appearance in the direct middle of Guard and Blood Raven alike makes for quite a few favorable targets for them indeed. On the other hand, they have brought themselves in reach of you. In the middle of all of them, both arms replaced with gigantic tri-barreled megashootas, an orkish nob fires in every direction, even killing some of the orks directly in front of him, cackling all the while.<br/>
<br/>
“HAHA! Dat tellyporta worked! Kill ‘em all, boyz!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Teleported Ambush Force vs. Guard<br/>
13 vs. 2</b><br/>
<br/>
The Guard seems wholly unprepared for the fight, losing a core of their troops and cut down from the sides as they try to turn inwards. Crossfire between the Guard firing across the center of the cavern kills more, while the greenskins take advantage of the chaos their sudden arrival has caused. On sheer volume of slugs being fired at them, a dozen within your immediate field of vision are reduced to mulch before they can properly scream. Their leader alone is the cause of much death indeed, head not even snapping back when a lasbolt crashes directly into his forehead. The only mark of the shot is a slightly smoking crater on his green flesh, and a bout of laughter erupting from his throat.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Teleported Ambush Force vs. Blood Ravens<br/>
18 vs. 70<br/>
</b><br/>
That laughter stops when your Master of Sanctity throws his crozius arcanum directly into the orks skull. Bearing two combat knives in his hands, Hannibal barrels his way deep into the entire ork mob, slashing apart many and simply tossing others aside through his speed and mass. As the ork begins to recover, he leaps upon him, stabbing down again and again upon the ork’s skull, dropping the knives to sweep up his crozius once more and obliterate the ork nob’s skull and upper torso entirely. The rest of the Blood Ravens can do no less, firing carefully into the mob, engaging with bolter and blade where necessary. Two blasts from the rapiers and a concentrated series of burst fire from the dreadnoughts and their assault cannons ends the rest of the mob entirely, taking advantage of the frozen moment immediately after seeing their leader slain.<br/>
<br/>
“Do not falter, children of Emperor! Have faith in yourselves, for you are humanity, you can do nothing <i>but</i> stand above these despicable xenos!” Hannibal booms across the cavern, crozius raised high.<br/>
<br/>
His words are inspiring enough for the Guard, who cheer and steadily begin to regroup, where just before they had seemed ready to retreat.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================<br/>​</div><b>Dustboom Knightly Cascade: 87<br/>
Dustboom Guard Cascade: 36<br/>
Blood Raven 5th Cascading: 20<br/>
Blood Raven 4th Cascading: 72<br/>
Blood Raven Recovery: 85<br/>
</b><br/>
Hadrian grunted as he and a squad of his marines slowly dragged the wreck away from the ruined Ultrafortress, which even now glowed hotly on thermal sensors. Tarkus, on the other side of the destroyed machine, oversaw similar efforts. Both paused in their work at the distant boom and faint quake which rumbled along the ground, Tarkus nodding firmly and Hadrian grinning within his helmet. The Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company slapped one of his newest marines on the shoulder, laughing slightly. It was not the first nor would it be the last. While the Guard itself was struggling mightily to bring down the remaining orkish orbitals, the Knights had no such difficulty. Each of the three which had been deployed was capable of simply ramming into a tower, their shields and armor proof against even the greatest remaining orkish weapons. With every tower fallen, more Guard could be deployed, more orbital fire and bombing runs were possible upon scattered orkish forces.<br/>
<br/>
“You hear that, brother? Those Knights are eager indeed, that’s another tower that’s gone down,” he barked out another laugh before returning to dragging the predator hulk free of the wreckage.<br/>
<br/>
As such, in a lull between one tower and the next, Tarkus and Hadrian had come together to see if the reported auspex readings were true. Or at least, that had been the plan, before Tarkus' forces were blocked off and surrounded by a particularly clever ork big mek. Hadrian had slammed into the enemy from behind, rescuing Tarkus, but the damage was done by the time victory was achieved. On the other hand, to the benefit of the Chapter, the Ultrafortress possessed numerous hard-points which were crafted out of astartes vehicles. As much as it would likely drive Martellus to apoplexy, a hefty number of astartes wargear and vehicles had been part of the Ultrafortress, likely explaining its sheer power and deadliness. None of it was graviton weaponry, unfortunately, despite the first thought some might have had on the orkish capabilities displayed. On the other hand, multiple weapon hard-points had not been simple turrets, but outright entire vehicles. Some had been basilisks or leman russ tanks, but others…others had been different.<br/>
<br/>
“Hadrian, this is Tarkus, come in.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian stilled the sigh that welled up in his chest, and responded to his much elder and more experienced battle brother.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Tarkus? You’re right over there, if you need help I can walk to you.”<br/>
<br/>
“No, nothing of the sort. I have just received the latest reports. The last of the orbital towers have fallen, orbital superiority is achieved, and the Guard is moving out in force. With the orks of this place broken as they are, our work here is effectively done. I believe we should move for Shinehole, to support the rest of the Chapter.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian grunted, glancing at the recovered predator hulls they’d retrieved.<br/>
<br/>
“I…suppose. I think there might be more to recover here, though. Clearly these orks have had these hulls for quite some time. Who knows what else they might have on this planet. The longer we wait, the more likely more might become unrecoverable, or claimed by the Mechanicus for their own purposes.”<br/>
<br/>
“The vehicle pool of the Chapter was heavily depleted in the Purge…,” Tarkus mused.<br/>
<br/>
“If all we were finding was <i>rhinos</i>, then I’d feel differently. But these ones have guns on them. Actual offensive capabilities.”<br/>
<br/>
He felt Tarkus sighing at him before he actually did.<br/>
<br/>
“Rhinos have explicit tactical value, Hadrian. Without them, we could not support the transport of our brothers to the front line.”<br/>
<br/>
But this time, he had a response.<br/>
<br/>
“This is true. But if we had enough predator and hunter tanks, then we could transport our forces <i>and</i> bring along a much greater allotment of death for the Emperor’s foes.”<br/>
<br/>
“And by transport you mean crewing said vehicles.”<br/>
<br/>
“…yes, that is correct.”<br/>
<br/>
“Captain!”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian turned to see one of his marines, waving for his attention. Suddenly the shredded metal that the marine was standing upon began to crumple and fall, the marine barely leaping free in time before rolling to their feet.<br/>
<br/>
“What is it, brother?”<br/>
<br/>
“We’ve found another hull, but…it’s different.”<br/>
<br/>
Different was certainly correct. The chassis was somewhat known, but the weapon upon it was certainly not something that Hadrian had encountered before. That did not mean he could not tell what it was though. Part of him greatly despaired at the state of it. The majority of the tank itself was in terrible rusted condition, though the weapon was somewhat better maintained. About what he could expect from an ork’s hands, he knew well enough. Still, a valuable find indeed. Even if the tank itself was non-functioning, he hoped it would be possible for Martellus to reattach the weapon to a newly made hull if necessary. The idea of having such a weapon in the arsenal of the Blood Ravens warmed his hearts. It was a conflicting thought to hope that a land raider might be found amongst the wreckage, because if it <i>was</i> there then that meant a great tragedy had occurred to have it placed as such. On the other hand, they would have another land raider. Eventually Hadrian sighed, and elected to simply try and drag the hull free without damaging it any further than it had been since the destruction of the Ultrafortress.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================​</div> <br/>
<b>Shinehole Combat (4)<br/>
Red Seeking Green: 75<br/>
Guard Assault: 5<br/>
Ork Defenders: 43</b><br/>
<br/>
“The Guard is being torn apart!” Apollo roars from where he fights at the forefront of the latest cavern to be fought through.<br/>
<br/>
“Move to support them Apollo,” you order him, voice steady and calm all the while. “I have a target in mind.”<br/>
<br/>
In the end, you did not need to keep looking for Dakflash. For he came looking for you. The chance at looting the wargear of the Blood Ravens was too tempting a target for his greedy mind to stay away from. As such he forced his troops to rend a hole through the Imperial Guard to find you, chasing you down in an effort to slay you as quickly as possible. While much of his personal guard found themselves being killed or left behind entirely, the self-proclaimed Warboss stands before you, now, firing at one of the dreadnoughts of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. His sparking power shield glows strongly, but you charge him all the same. Apollo, in the meantime, heads off to support the utterly crumbling Guard positions. The cavern itself is monstrously large, a clear nexus point amongst the orks of this place, a full layer of broken weaponry, looted gear, scrap metal, and general refuse coating the ground from end to end.<br/>
<br/>
“Hoy! You is a <i>shiny</i> beakie!” Dakflash roars upon seeing you, turning to face you with an ugly grin on his face. “But all dat cyborky flash ain’t gonna save ya, cause I’m DAKFLASH!”<br/>
<br/>
You do not bother with responding with <i>words</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Angelos vs. Dakflash<br/>
91 vs. 81 <br/>
</b><br/>
The fiery corona surrounding the ork’s power klaw flares as you approach, before you sidestep out of the way of a sweep that would have allowed it to clench and crush you between it. Before Dakflash can fully react you slam <i>Godsplitter</i> against the weapon to send it flying away even further, slamming your pauldron against his opened jaw to knock against him slightly. Teeth go flying, blood pooling from torn gums, as the ork bellows in rage at you not dying immediately upon facing him.<br/>
<br/>
<b>43 vs. 54<br/>
</b><br/>
Gun ports open up in Dakflash’s chest, small stubby barrels firing at your front with a fusillade of slugs which crackle against your armor. Jerking his chin, he sends the massive heavy metal jaw-protector common to orks against you, the crash a bone-jarring impact.<br/>
<br/>
<b>94 vs. 44</b><br/>
<br/>
You ignore the inconsequential hits upon your chest to swing <i>Godsplitter</i> against his jaw, shattering the metal and snapping his lolling jaw shut, severing his tongue with the hit. Switching your grip, your hammer then flies downwards to crack against the side of Dakflash’s left knee, breaking bone and metal in equal measure. The Warboss roars, trying to smash you apart with his lascannon abomination, the barrels glowing with the heat of repeated firing.<br/>
<br/>
<b>86 vs. 33<br/>
</b><br/>
Worse strikes have been weathered. It does not even drive you to your knees, or make you stumble. Instead your hammer smashes the lascannons away, the power field shearing the metal apart and sending scattered white-hot fragments flying away. Beneath, you can see the mangled remnants of the hand within the creation which was triggering the firing studs, before stepping back to avoid another wild swing of the power klaw.<br/>
<br/>
“GRAAAAAGH! STOP NOT…DYIN’!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>96 vs. 65<br/>
</b><br/>
Once again you break Dakflash’s face, pounding it inward further. The ork was not a true warboss, though he had certainly grown compared to the last recorded sightings provided to you. Given enough time and opportunity, Dakflash would certainly grow to that point. You would not allow that. Not here. Not now. As lightning bolts began to fire out from the massive coils attached to Dakflash’s back, in all directions, you struck at him again. Then again, and again, and again. He stumbles back, bleeding profusely, skull broken open, but every weapon his possesses is firing still.<br/>
<br/>
“Ya ain’t…got me yet! Got me one more surprise for ya! YAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Da Last Laugh<br/>
34 vs. 9<br/>
</b><br/>
You are clad in terminator armor, and thus not the most agile of all space marines. But you are plenty fast enough to dodge backwards and to the left as the Warboss charges, lightning crackling all over his body in greater and greater amounts. Light continues to pour out of Dakflash as he attempts to wrap you in a grapple, only to fail to his roaring consternation. Swinging about, the ork reaches out with his power klaw desperately before you are blown backwards by the ork’s explosive disappearance. Lightning erupts from the open hole in the warp, and you realize abruptly that he had somehow wired some form of primitive vortex device into himself.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Saving From Vortex<br/>
55!<br/>
</b><br/>
Apollo’s hand wraps around your own, and he holds you firm as you get to your feet, the open hole to the warp screaming wildly for an instant before it ends just as quickly as it began. The cavern does not have a moment of silence, the orks fighting all the while, before realizing just what has happened. Only then do they start trying to run, the Guard cheering wildly as they are reinvigorated by the fight. The Blood Ravens join them in this glorious exultation, if less vibrantly, focusing more on killing the enemy than anything else. Hannibal strides at the front of them all, battering down every ork which dares to approach him, a bulwark in front of the Guard as well. His compassion does him credit.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================<br/>​</div><b>Spinesnap Ground: 93<br/>
Spinesnap Void: 80</b><br/>
<br/>
“LET! THEM! ALL! BURN!”<br/>
<br/>
Margaret roared, surrounded by the war-chants to the God-Emperor, as she set the orks before her aflame. One ork nob, braver or tougher or simply stupider than the rest, charged through the inferno she set only to be obliterated as she leapt upon them and began beating her fists upon its skull. The ork tumbled down the hill, Margaret on top of him, as the sky was lit by inferno and bolter barrages falling upon the orks. Soon enough, the greenskins broke, their bastion burnt to a crisp, and their leaders slain from afar. But they could not run quick enough, or far enough, for waiting on the other end of the tree line that the orks retreated to, waited a dozen more penitent engines, their screaming heretical pilots driven to seek holy repentance through death.<br/>
<br/>
Boiling hatred for the alien filling her, the Canoness slowly stomped back up the hill, hand going to her ear as the vox implant crackled.<br/>
<br/>
“It is done. The valley is cleared. We are moving out across the rest of the planet now, separating into teams.”<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you for your hard work, Canoness.”<br/>
<br/>
“I have no accomplishments to my name, General, only service to the Emperor. How goes your work upon the ships reclaimed for the Emperor’s service?”<br/>
<br/>
“Well enough Canoness. More troops will be landing upon Spinesnap shortly.”<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Stage 5 Theater Results:</u><br/>
[Spinesnap]<br/>
- All Looted Battleships Reclaimed<br/>
- Spinesnap orks in total disarray, complete defeat imminent! <br/>
- Lost Rosetta fully deployed onto Spinesnap, obliterating enemy! <br/>
--------------------<br/>
[Dustboom]<br/>
- 3 Imperial Knights deployed on Dustboom surface.<br/>
- All orbital cannons destroyed, orks entirely exposed to orbital support. <br/>
- Mekboss Killdakka slain! Orks on Dustboom in full retreat, total disarray noted! <br/>
- Guard resurgent across Dustboom!<br/>
- 4 5th Company Marines Lost On Dustboom (+8 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
-------------<br/>
[Shinehole]<br/>
Warboss Dakflash Slain! <br/>
Shinehole Orks In Complete Disarray, Retreating!<br/>
Shinehole Tunnel Control Advanced To 65%!<br/>
-------------<br/>
[General Summary]</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>10th Company Arrived Ahead of Schedule! No complications!</b></li>
</ul><b>- <u>2 Notables Identified</u>:</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Techmarine Daedal – [Machine Spirit Speaker/Thunderhawk Transporter Specialist]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Techmarine Calus – [Adepta Exotica/Thunderhawk Gunship Specialist]</b></li>
</ul><b><u>Blood Raven Overall Casualties</u>: </b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>1 Honor Guard Slain (+2 Gene-Seed Reclaimed)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>4 1st Company Marines Slain (+8 Gene-Seed Reclaimed)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>1st Company Dreadnought Ithacan Slain (Gene-Seed Unrecoverable)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>7 4th Company Marines Slain (+14 Gene-Seed Recovered)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>4 5th Company Marines Slain (+8 Gene-Seed Recovered)</b></li>
</ul><u><b>Vehicle Pool Overall Casualties:</b></u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>1 Predator Wrecked. Repair Possible.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons). Repair Not Possible.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Plasma Guns) [+Lascannon]. Repair Not Possible.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>4 Assault Bikes (2x Multimelta, 2x Heavy Bolter). Repair Not Possible.</b></li>
</ul>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Salvage/Recoveries" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Salvage/Recoveries said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b><u>Dustboom Space Marine Recoveries Deemed Possible To Repair After Reconsecration By Martellus.</u><br/>
+4 Predator Hulls. All being used as orkish tanks. <br/>
+3 Rhino Hulls. All being used as orkish transports.<br/>
+5 Assault Bikes. Fused together into one monstrous vehicle by ork meks. <br/>
+1 Whirlwind Hull. Former component of a Gunfortress. <br/>
+2 Hunter Hulls. Former weapon hard-points of Mekboss Killdakka’s Ultrafortress. <br/>
+1 Vindicator Laser Destroyer. Former weapon hard-point of Mekboss Killdakka’s Ultrafortress.<br/>
+5 Predator Hull. Former weapon hard-points of Mekboss Killdakka’s Ultrafortress.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Shinehole Recoveries (Repaired To Functionality By Techmarines Calus And Daedal)</u><br/>
+5 Plasma Cannons. <br/>
+2 Power Axes.<br/>
+3 Multi-Melta Gun.<br/>
+2 Assault Cannons<br/>
+3 Power Swords<br/>
+2 Lascannons<br/>
+5 Plasma Pistols<br/>
<br/>
<u>Void Salvage Deemed ‘Reclamation Possible’ By Martellus</u><br/>
+1 Looted Strike Cruiser. Was being used as ork ‘kroozer’.<br/>
Multiple modifications: (Lance weapon, torpedo launchers, makrocannon broadsides, orkish powerfields, void shields, ‘Supa-Reakta’)</b>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><u><b>Current Plans For Final Stage Of Engagement [Select One]:</b></u>​</div><div style="text-align: left">[] <b>Return To Aurelia:</b> Your work here is essentially done. The ork leadership are all slain, the orks themselves scattered, with the vast majority of the work remaining being that of the colonists and those who will clear the way for them. There remains yet more in the galaxy to be done, and the Chapter has done much here. None can say otherwise, with Hadrian's masterful if reckless assault upon the orbitals on Dustboom, your defeat of Dakflash on Shinehole, and the work you did to reclaim the battleships above Spinesnap. This would certainly preserve the Chapter's forces completely, and as dangerously depleted as the Blood Ravens are, every casualty taken is damaging to the Chapter as a whole.<br/>
[] <b>Recovery Efforts:</b> None can deny what the Blood Ravens have accomplished in this Crusade. You should use this time, and focus the Chapter on recovery efforts for whatever astartes wargear and vehicles might be reclaimed for the purposes of the Chapter. So much was lost in the Purge. The chance to rebuild those stores in such an environment is a rare one, and should be taken advantage of. Your Blood Ravens might not be contributing as much to the fighting, but they still will be fighting as only space marines can as they traverse the theater.<br/>
[] <b>Focus On The Enemy:</b> While there are few great foes to slay now, what leadership remains fighting amongst themselves, there remain great swathes of the enemy still present. The chance to further prove yourselves to the rest of the Imperium before the Emperor's eyes is one you should take wholeheartedly. Though your wargear and vehicle pool was depleted, there remains more fighting to be done. While what might be recovered could be lost forever, you can build anew someday, while focusing on killing the enemy here and now. This will mean plunging into the remaining enemy territory.<br/>​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>