<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 6</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 6</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Bring in the Kreml Guard
Tsarevich Boris is leading the Kreml Guard, but they are travelling on foot on a dirt road and may not arrive in time for the battle. Kislev's forces actually having infantry would be helpful for a battle in a forest. Use Rite of Way to speed their journey.
[*] Investigate the missing leyline
The Waystone Nexus in Gross Selon seems to be set up to receive energy from Kislev City, but currently nothing is coming through. Investigate where the leyline should be between Resvynhaf and Kislev City to see if it is still flowing out of Kislev City, because if it is, then it is being intercepted somewhere in the Shirokij.

Tally



The Kreml Guard and the leylines, you decide. If there's to be a battle inside a forest, you want to have at least some dedicated infantry on your side, and having a sensible and skilled general in the form of Tsarevich Boris around would also be an advantage. And while you're heading in that direction you can also investigate the matter of the missing leyline you noticed at Gross Selon, as if those energies are still flowing from Kislev but are being intercepted partway by the enemy within the Shirokij Forest, that's something you're going to want to know about in advance.

Normally you would hesitate to leave a male Imperial magic-user with no knowledge of Kislevarin unattended in Kislev, but close proximity to an obviously unperturbed Ice Witch has demonstrated to the gathered pulks that Johann is benign and keeping up with cavalry on the march for days while on foot has made him intriguing, especially to the young men and women of the nomadic Ungol krugs. So while a chaperone might be called for, he's at least in no immediate danger from the Kislevite taboo on male magic-users - or at least in less danger than he would be if he got caught sniffing around the leylines with you.

With the stated intention of speeding the Kreml Guard along their journey you carefully scrutinize every map the gathered pulks can produce and depart from the muster at Resvynhaf and once you're out of sight you veer northwards, towards the headwaters of a tributary to the Urskoy that the leyline should pass underneath. If you follow the river from its source to its mouth, you should be guaranteed to cross the direct line between Kislev City and Gross Selon.

---

Two hours later you're starting to develop a headache from straining to look downwards with your Magesight while keeping your eyes fixed on the path ahead. While the Shadowsteed has many advantages over flesh-and-blood horses, its willingness to gallop at full speed into a tree or river can be quite a downside. And through it all, not a single glimpse of a leyline. While that might be enough to quell your concerns of Kislev's army marching unawares into a superpowered Athel Loren Battle Wizard, it does nothing to sate your curiosity. So instead of turning back, you use Smoke and Mirrors to hop across the Urskoy near the village of Iranasgrad and start to follow the river upstream towards Kislev City.

---

Two hours later, as you approach the village of Sava northwest of Kislev, you finally pick up a leyline, and one strong enough that you likely would have noticed it even if you weren't actively looking for it. Judging from its direction, you're certain that it is coming from Erengrad. That makes sense, as it is one of the three major cities of Kislev, and though you're not sure if it was ever an Elven settlement, the mouth of the Lynsk would have been a natural place for them to have erected a Waystone nexus even if they hadn't lived there.

So energy is flowing into Kislev, but as far as you've seen so far, it isn't flowing out. You start to construct possible explanations for this in your mind, from the mysterious to the catastrophic, but you shake yourself out of it. You're going to be completing a circuit of Kislev City anyway in order to reach the Kreml Guard, so building theories now when much fuller data is only a few hours away would be a waste of effort.

---

About an hour later, halfway between Kislev City and the village of Ardkha, you halt your Shadowsteed in consternation at the leyline you've discovered. As you might have guessed, there was a leyline between Kislev City and Praag, Kislev's third major city. What you hadn't guessed was that the leyline would be flowing northwards, taking power from Kislev to Praag. While you're relieved that all that power isn't gathering and curdling under Bokha Palace, it makes as little sense as water flowing uphill. The Waystone Network exists to gather magical energy from across the world and deliver it to the Great Vortex of Ulthuan, and while you do know that there are other, smaller networks, that Gross Selon is built to take in energy from Kislev City, and that Kislev City was originally founded as the Elven trade settlement of Athel Numiel for trade with Karak Ungor, both indicate that Kislev City would have once been part of the main Waystone Network. So something had to have changed for it to be flowing north from Kislev City instead of south.

Your first instinct is to suspect some Chaos plot, as it's very easy to remember your own visit to Praag and suspect some deep wellspring of corruption that might be to blame. But on further thought that doesn't make sense to you. Praag is in a dire state, but it is less so than it was in the direct aftermath of the Great War Against Chaos. It may be recovering with heartbreaking slowness, but it is recovering. And it wouldn't be if the Waystones of half of Kislev or more were draining Dhar into Praag. So the energies must either be expended in Praag, or be flowing onwards onto some other unknown destination.

You glare up the Kislev-Praag road, very conscious of the time ticking by. You're already going to be cutting it fine to reach the Kreml Guard in time to get sufficient sleep before a day of speeding them on their way with Rite of Way. There's no way to squeeze the four days it would take you to ride to Praag and back into this already very constricted timetable. You sigh and mentally add it to the very long list of unanswered questions you've accumulated on the subject of Waystones and turn your Shadowsteed southwards.

---

Thankfully, it proves rather straightforward to find the Kreml Guard. Even if they weren't the only infantry column making their way down the narrow and rutted dirt road between Kislev City and Resvynhaf, their signature armament of a light bow and a heavy axe is hard to miss. You slow to a trot as you approach the column, as anyone approaching at what could be perceived as a charge seems very likely to have a bad time of it, and by the time you reach the column you see that part of it has already split off and is watching your approach, and by the size of the centremost figure and the aura of frost surrounding his glaive, you're fairly sure you've found the Tsarevich. Probably not the welcome every passer-by gets when approaching the column, but not every passer-by would be riding a horse made of shadows.

"Atamanka Ved'ma Weber!" Boris calls out at your approach. "Heard you were in Kislev once more. Did your Elves tell you about these Elves?"

"No, Laurelorn is as far removed from Athel Loren as the Elf Quarter of Erengrad is. I was looking into the trouble they caused on the Ostermark side of the border when I picked up their trail."

"Many of your colleagues would have called the matter done when they realized it was Kislev's problem."

"Before Khan-Queen Miska arrived in Kislev, Ostermark's capital was as far as it could physically get from the border, even though that meant being across the river from Sylvania. Now it prospers just across the river from Ryazan. It is in the Empire's interest for Kislev to be strong."

"If only more realized it. Why have you come to me? Though we march to war, my father will ride to it, and will not wait for anything once he smells blood on air."

"I know, and I was hoping to change that. There's a spell that should let you reach Resvynhaf in time-"

"Wait, I read about this. Is this with boots and coins and blood and sometimes troops just disappear?"

"No, I'd need a number of other Wizards for that. This is a spell of my own invention, one I used to good effect on the Karag Dum Expedition. All it does is make a flat, even surface out of just about any terrain."

Boris looks at the churned remnants of the rutted path the Kreml Guard has left in its wake. "But not slippery, yha? Like proper Dwarf road?" You nod. "And you can do this all day?" You nod again. Boris considers that, before turning to the man next to him and rattling off a series of instructions. "My Kossars do not drink before a battle," he says, turning back to you as orders are shouted at the marching men who by now are some distance down the road, "but you are welcome to share our fire and food and koumiss."

---

It takes shockingly little time for a small village of round Ungol tents to be erected and a meal of porridge and dumplings to be boiled, and once that is done the Kreml Guard gather around the fire in an air of easy camaraderie that Boris seems entirely at home in. You don't have nearly enough Kislevarin to immerse yourself, but that does give you the opportunity to observe, and you have enough to say thank you when the skins of koumiss circulating are handed to you. Koumiss has a reputation of being shockingly potent, but that's because unsuspecting visitors to Kislev take one taste of fermented mare's milk and stick to vodka for the rest of the night, which looks and tastes deceptively mild but hits like a runaway bull, and they blame the resultant blackout and hangover on the horse milk instead of the stuff that seemed like water. You find the koumiss to be surprisingly charming, like a mix of soured cream and Bretonnian bubble-wine.

Once everyone has eaten their fill, there's a great deal of dancing, sparring, and wrestling, and it's often difficult to tell which is which. Despite their heavy arms and armour the Kreml Guard prove to be incredibly agile, and after watching some of the axe spars and being watched in turn by Boris, he asks you if you know your way around a blade. Branulhune's appearance in your hand supplies your answer for you, and an accepted challenge later you find yourself ringed by Kossars as you weigh up Boris, who's an intimidating sight even with the icy glow of his glaive muffled by a cloth wrapping. The two of you put on a decent showing for the audience, but you can tell that Boris is growing as frustrated by having to keep from unleashing the full power of his weapon as you are, and the two of you call it quits while you still can with good grace. You observe to him that there'll be plenty of opportunity to have a proper fight soon enough, and Boris claps you on the back.

The next morning finds you atop your Shadowsteed in the morning mist, trying to ignore several hundred pairs of eyes watching you with cautious expectation. It's been a while since you've had cause to use Rite of Way, but the Praestantia syllables you'd constructed it with leap to your tongue as though it had been yesterday and Ulgu leaps to your command. You brace yourself for the initial jerk of draining energy as the path ahead of you disappears under a field of impenetrable fog, and then the draw lessens almost as sharply as you urge your Shadowsteed forward at a fraction of its possible speed. You let the chorus of the spell slip from your tongue to your internal monologue, then to the back of your mind. Behind you the foremost of the Kreml Guard cautiously wades into the fog, peering downward in confusion at the flat and solid surface that has somehow appeared where moments ago there had been rutted dirt, and then he is nudged by the man behind him and starts to walk. You increase your pace once and then again as the Kossars become familiar with the terrain you have supplied and threaten to overtake you until you're at as rapid a pace as infantry can maintain without breaking into a jog. Behind you a marching song begins in a tongue that sounds halfway between Kurgan and Kislevarin, Boris' voice loudest of all among them.

[Casting Rite of Way: Learning, 72+29+10(favourable conditions)=111.]

---

It's still several hours from dusk when you arrive at Resvynhaf, and it takes you a moment to remember how to stop casting the spell so you can step to the side and allow Boris and the Kreml Guard to make an impression upon the gathered pulks. Despite a day's hard march they stand tall and proud, Boris foremost among them, and he shouts a greeting to Boyar Kirill as he nears. After arrangements are made for food and drink for the Kossars, they, you, and Milica convene to discuss the latest happenings.

[Rolling...]

The Tzar, you hear via Milica's familiar, has finally gathered together the city rotas and is ready to leave the city tomorrow at dawn, which should have them arriving at Resvynhaf that evening. It is generally agreed that the Tzar is likely to order an attack on the intruders in the Shirokij the morning after that - or rather, considering how little is known of the intruders, to push into the Shirokij in the direction of the besieged villages and see what happens. That gives you a single day before everything is violence and confusion, and leaves you with the difficult question of how best to spend it. And having the heir to Kislev's throne present does open up new possibilities.


[ ] Bring in Ice Witches
Currently, the only Ice Witch that is likely to be present for the battle is Milica. If you travel to Kislev City, you could bring in additional Ice Witches on Shadowsteeds. Milica says there are at least two and perhaps as many as five Ice Witches in Kislev City that would be able to respond and could meaningfully contribute to a battle.
[ ] Find the Boyar
For some reason, the Athel Loren forces seem to be trying to lure in Boyar Kalashinivik and his rota. Boyar Kalashinivik should be somewhere on the road between Praag and Kislev. Intercept him and see if you can figure out what this is all about.
[ ] Scout the Shirokij
Of the forces here, only you would have any chance of moving unseen through the Shirokij. Use this to try to scout the enemy.
[ ] Urge an attack
From what little you know of Tzar Vladimir, it does seem like it might be preferable for the attack to be made under the command of Tsarevich Boris instead. Argue for the attack to begin before the Tzar arrives, while the gathered pulks are under Boris' authority.
[ ] Attempt a parlay
The Tsarevich can grant you the authority to negotiate with these intruders in the name of Kislev, though that's easier said than done. Attempt to make that happen without endangering yourself too much.
[ ] Contact Ostermark
The Tsarevich can grant you the authority to reach out to Ostermark to request their aid on behalf of Kislev, and their military is already mustered at Bechafen. Ride there and request Elector Count Hertwig pushes into the Shirokij from the south as Kislev's forces do so from the north.
[ ] Other (write in)


- There will be a one hour moratorium
  </body>
</html>