<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>040.M42 To 045.M42 Interlude: Era Of A Thousand Flames</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>040.M42 To 045.M42 Interlude: Era Of A Thousand Flames</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="member: 11122" data-quote="NotteBoy97" data-source="post: 8975987">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">
<a class="bbCodeBlock-sourceJump" data-content-selector="#post-8975987" data-xf-click="attribution" href="/goto/post?id=8975987" rel="nofollow">NotteBoy97 said:</a>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
			Are you planning on doing a DeathWatch interlude next Torroar? Since I think it would help us understand how undermanned they are at the moment.
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote> <br/>
you asked for this<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>040.M42 To 045.M42 Interlude: Era Of A Thousand Flames</b>​</div> <br/>
A hundred ships hung above the world, delivering its tens of thousands of soldiers. The Governor’s Palace which had once sat above the world, a judging fortress in the stars above, burned as it fell towards the planet surface. Upon impact, pushed there by primitive directional rockets, it would crash into and destroy one of the greatest capitals that the feral folk had managed to build over thousands of years. Sword and shield, beaten out of iron and steel, were absolutely worthless against chemical-propellant weaponry, bullets and the rare laser weapon scorching entire battalions entirely. The dozen separate Guard recruitment outposts, kept secretive and hidden, fell to sheer numbers, their lasguns and more advanced weaponry taken for study be eager five-eyed scientists, whose multiple limbs clacked against each other’s chitin.<br/>
<br/>
One single kill-team, all that could have been spared, died. They slew thousands, and they died. Bombarded from orbit, with weapons that were barely understood by a race that had only reached the stars a century ago. The rest of the star system would fall within the year, one Feral World after another, a single small picket fleet torn apart by overwhelming numbers and boarding parties, their hulks used for research and study. For too long had they been building up in their home star system, and the need to expand had finally pushed them to the brink. Fears of reprisal were quashed, for there would be none coming, not before they could fortify and entrench.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================<br/>​</div>Ravaged by a WAAAAGH!!, the depredations of the Dark Eldar for a generation, and with the majority of its defenders gone to distant and supposed ‘greater’ battlefields, there was little chance for them to be stopped. They came on ships of rock and shaped stone, alien sorceries and psykers shaping them into the vessels they required to fly through the void from their dimly lit home. Three entire kill-teams, carrying weapons built specifically to kill them, bombs to destroy their ships from within and exterminate populaces, succeeded. A dozen marines died simply to perform the action, doing what an entire Chapter might not have. They died in glory, and yet those that remained felt the inklings of despair which their transhuman hearts had not touched since their transformation when a second fleet appeared.<br/>
<br/>
Clad in basalt stone, blazing with eldritch power granted by their sorcerer-kings, they came bearing weapons that bore the slightest resemblance to Imperial weapons. In the distant past, once upon a time, the flesh-skins had tried to exterminate their kind simply for existing, but had failed. A single decimal point had changed later on, and they had disappeared from history and records. Safe to build and strengthen themselves for the oncoming vengeance. Already two worlds burned, all organic life being slowly churned to dust beneath crystalline feet. The third had held out, armies stymied at every turn by frantic movements, insane maneuvers, suicidal strikes, and yet still they came. The asteroid field itself was their ally, becoming new life, new warriors, as the months went on.<br/>
<br/>
Another system fell, leaving only one remaining Subsector that still bore the flag of the God-Emperor. It would fall soon too if another kill-team, alone, without reinforcements, could not somehow do what a quartet of kill-teams had failed to do.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================<br/>​</div>Its eye was shot out, and the creature died, and the last of Kill-Team Epsilon-994 breathed hard as it finally fell. Reptilian beasts, writhing in vast numbers on continent-ships, and coming from a completely different direction. Their weapons were primitive, comparably, yet in large enough numbers even ceramite could and would break before them. That hadn’t been the problem, the problem was that it had simply <i>kept coming</i> despite everything they’d thrown at it. Regenerative capabilities that smacked closer to tyranids than anything else, and even then only as a comparison to the only other species which seemed capable of it. At the least there were few of them amongst the rest of their more easily slain cousins, acting as single-creature spearheads rather than as generals or anything else. The rest of the city burned, as flak cannons turned the sky white with smoke and blood as thousands of more drop ships landed.<br/>
<br/>
Grunting, the kill marine pushed his way past the corpse, sparing one glance towards the rapidly liquefying remains of his brothers, and smashed through the debris which had filled the hall. The governor was dead, his supporters were dead, and the walls were falling. Stopping the assassination attempt had failed. Stopping the enemy invasion had succeeded…at first, before a second ship had arrived with its own defensive flotilla. Barely able to beat a Sector Battlefleet, but there would be no Sector Battlefleet coming. Another WAAAAAGGH!! on one end of the Sector, reports of a Tyranid splinter fleet on another end, and not enough forces to spare here, for this, other than what the Deathwatch had been struggling to provide.<br/>
<br/>
He stopped, then, shoving aside shattered masonry and the broken remains of the Imperial aquila which had been knocked from the palace walls, to stare up at the sky unblinking.<br/>
<br/>
Already he watched as the enemy turned on one another. The entire star system had barely survived one race emerging from its kingdom from beyond the borders of the Emperor’s light. It would certainly not survive a second. Lights in the dark of the smog-choked sky as fission engines exploded, nuclear bombs being fired without a care across the void at ships of another race that dared to come and interrupt conquest. The kill marine died as the atmosphere itself was ignited, species caring only for the planet below and its resources, not its vegetation or its original inhabitants.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================​</div> <br/>
One invasion blunted. Two ship yards destroyed. Five armies destroyed in their camps with bombs and poison. Six leadership equivalents to generals assassinated. Eight defensive hard points kept from destruction.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t enough.<br/>
<br/>
Two capital ships infiltrated and turned against the rest of the invasion fleet. Eighteen massive transport ships sabotaged to explode upon reaching atmosphere. Twelve refueling points set with explosives and destroyed to kill what ships were present. One bomb destroying the capital city on their capital world, turning vast structures of glass and steel into broken fragments.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t enough.<br/>
<br/>
One kill team, veterans of a hundred battles, who had each lived for over three centuries each.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t enough.<br/>
<br/>
Too many targets, too little time, not enough damage done within a small enough time frame.<br/>
<br/>
Ships landed, troops landed, and the Imperium surrendered like a drunken giant. It swung, it fought, it armed its citizens, but they could not stop what came for them. Hulking creatures, horns sprouting from their heads, with hard calcified bone-flesh to guard over pockmarked leathery hides. They bore guns which boomed and rocked the earth as they fired. One marine died outright, ceramite exploding as everything above their waist was destroyed. There was no chance of gene-seed being recovered. The rest of the kill team fought on, and killed in vengeance the one they had lost.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t enough.<br/>
<br/>
They died, torn limb from limb, by a thousand xenos who finally surrounded them after they had destroyed nearly half of the entire invasion force, colony ships included, who had come to take and settle what they pleased. In the end, there was not even scraps of meat or metal left behind, such was the brutality inflicted upon them. They had fought well, with some of the most advanced weapons in the Imperium’s arsenal. They had followed the Emperor’s Tarot with every movement. They had set bombs enough to end lesser civilizations.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t enough.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================<br/>​</div>He was…exhausted. Which didn’t sound right, it didn’t sound right at all. Never before had an Imperial Fist claimed fatigue, at least openly. But it was the truth. Twenty years he had been fighting ceaselessly, and it was not the fighting which had exhausted the marine, but the constant movement. From this solar system to this solar system, from this Subsector to this Sector, back and forth again. Always putting out fires, but never dousing the entire inferno. Never the opportunity to do so. For every thorn plucked or blunted, another arrived. Reduced to piecemeal defenses rather than anything that would have been strong enough to truly shock the enemy into a momentary pause. His bolter had run dry, his chainsword out of fuel, his armor’s <i>power pack</i> burnt out by exertion. Three things which had never happened before despite over two centuries of battle.<br/>
<br/>
And now…this.<br/>
<br/>
“A splinter fleet from Hive Fleet Behemoth, here,” the Inquisitor spoke quietly, highlighting another subsector. “A splinter from Leviathan there,” he highlighted a second section. “WAAAAGH!!! Durgorka has finished burning its way through the Aegean Corridor – despite our best efforts and that of Battlefleet Lerek -  and has arrived here, here, and here,” he highlighted a further series of sections. “The alien civilization of the Peridians have continued their advance here, and have managed to reach orbit over the capital planet there. They have, based on our observations, overstretched themselves somewhat.  They had just enough supplies to branch out from their home system and reach a ‘sector’ equivalent in control size, but are now struggling to maintain their newest gains.”<br/>
<br/>
“Where do we fight, Inquisitor,” the kill-captain finally asked, his voice grim.<br/>
<br/>
“Everywhere,” the Inquisitor replied, deep bags beneath his eyes as he glared at the holo-image. “You are but one kill-team, but we must do our duty. The Emperor demands it. We do not have the sheer military strength required to otherwise blunt these foes, and so must do what we can.”<br/>
<br/>
It was true, it was their duty. They would succeed or die trying.</div>
  </body>
</html>