<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 22: An Unnamed Mountain Range</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 22: An Unnamed Mountain Range</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally
[*] Shrine
[*] Magic Weapons

Unfinished business:
[*] Use Rite of Way for the worst patches of rough terrain
[*] Use Rite of Way for the moderately difficult ground
[*] Journeywoman Alexandra Kohler



After a bit of thought, you collect up the magical weapons, wrapping their business ends with leather and silk to keep them from disagreeing with each other, and use some ropes to fashion the centrepiece of a shrine to the moon you know as Mannsleib into something like a very awkward backpack. As promised Ljiljana returns with her pockets bulging with precious metals, and you waste no time in summoning Shadowsteeds for the two of you and putting some distance between you and the ruined encampment. The pace of the Shadowsteed makes conversation difficult for Ljiljana and you give up on your attempts to winkle information out of her after you get nothing but Gospodarinyi expletives. It doesn't take too long for you to meet up with the Expedition once more, and without a word the two of you present a united front of aloof, mystical smugness to questions about the strange and violent storm that had dominated the horizon for much of the day.

---

There's no sign of any pursuers, so in the coming days you turn your attention to the journey ahead. The path through these unnamed mountains is a rough one, as the path taken has seen no sculptor but time and gravity. Though the Alriksson has been the head of the convoy since the beginning, that is put aside here to rotate the steam-wagons in and out of the lead position to evenly distribute the wear and tear of having to carve a path through stone and rubble, the rams at the front of each becoming dented and chipped as the days wear on. Rite of Way helps to an extent, but it's here you encounter a major limitation of the spell: it actually reduces traction when going down a severe slope, as rough surfaces become smooth and brake-locked wheels slide right over the magically-created surfaces, just as the spell was intended to do. The days become a blur of stopping and starting the spell when appropriate, and grumbling amongst the Expedition frequently returns to the idea that Gotrek would have ideas for how to better handle the terrain if he was still with the Expedition.

[Sliding down mountains: 28-10(no Gotrek)=18.]
[Rite of Way: 18.]
[Rolling for steam-wagon...]

Unfortunately, when there's one spell trying to smooth the way for five fairly spread-out steam-wagons at once, there's going to be situations where what helps most will hinder others, and that appears to be what happens about two thirds of the way through the mountains: the Kriestov, currently fourth in the convoy, loses traction and begins to slide down the slope, accelerating as it dislodges stones beneath it that join it in a growing rockslide. Thankfully this time there isn't a terrible drop to swallow it, but when it leaves the relatively smooth area scouted out by the Knights and into uneven scree and hardy mountain trees, its momentum eventually fails it as the wheels on one side roll up a hillock and the wheels on the other buckle, and it ponderously and noisily topples over, turning the trees unlucky enough to be beneath it into splinters.

Being the steam-wagon called home by the Winter Wolves, there's only Dwarves aboard during most of the day and they're hardy enough to emerge swearing and grumbling within minutes, fretting more over the steam-wagon than their own injuries. Their concerns are quickly vindicated: with axles bent, driveshafts twisted and pipes torn free, there's no hope of getting the steam-wagon mobile again in anything less than weeks, more likely months, and there's nothing for it but to transfer everything useful to the other steam-wagons, destroy everything that can't be allowed to fall into enemy hands, and keep on moving. The cows that survived the toppling fill the gaps opened up atop the other steam-wagons by the Expeditions' appetites over the past two weeks, and the ones that didn't fill the bellies of the wolves and Demigryphs.

Still preferable to facing the crevasse opened up by the Urmskaladrak, you conclude as the toppled Kriestov disappears behind you.

---

"Journeywoman Kohler," you say as you knock on the open door of her cramped cabin. "May I have a word?"

"Certainly, Lady Magister," she responds, dogearing the book she's reading from and turning to you. "Please, have a seat."

"Thank you," you say, sitting atop her bed, the only available flat surface. "I thought I'd check in with you after the events so far, see how you're doing with all of it."

"Much of it wasn't what I expected," she admits with a shrug. "I thought that we'd be fighting for every league, but our speed and show of strength seems to have gotten us most of the way without too much trouble from the locals. I suppose we're not giving them enough time to work up their courage."

"Came for the fight and got mysteries instead?" you ask.

She shrugs again. "Wouldn't put it that way, as it's not much of a mystery. They made a deal with forces they shouldn't have, and now they're just one more drop of Chaos in a sea of it. Still, at least now the Dwarves know. And it's not like the trip was entirely wasted, thanks to Karak Vlag."

"That is likely to be what is focused on when we get back," you say with a nod. "And it means we did get at least one proper battle out of the journey. How do you feel about your showing?" Truth be told, you'd missed whatever contribution she'd made in all that was happening, so you'd deliberately phrased the question to fit however she feels she did.

She sighs. "I think I prefer it more, well, intimate. Throwing fire from behind fortifications into a mass of enemies wasn't that much different to practicing back at the College once I shook off the whispers."

You wonder if that's a true statement of preference, or just a justification for what she might be seeing as a poor showing. "Everyone has their niche. The major battles might be what they write songs about, but there's skirmishes every day somewhere in the Empire. And your College should be able to match you up with an appropriate force if you decide to go that route, the Bright Order has good relations with most of the Empire's armies. A letter of recommendation from the Dwarves would get you in the door, and from there you could either build a relationship with a specific Division or Regiment, or go to wherever the hotspots are and lend your services as needed."

She nods. "I'll keep that in mind. Thank you, Lady Magister."

You take a moment to consider her. More than any of the others, Alexandra Kohler might be the Wizard least affected by her journey through the Wastes, and after a few years might see this as one mediocre battle, one notable accomplishment, and a lot of dull travel. You wonder if that makes her steadfast, or lucky, or just incurious. Or it might just be that you're too different to really connect and get much of a read on her. A charcoal burner much of her life, and a Bright Wizard now - it would be difficult to think of an upbringing more different than your own.

Still, even though you're unlikely to come away from this considering her anything more than an acquaintance, you got the job done. The Bright College entrusted this Wizard to you, and unless the final stretch goes badly, you'll be returning her intact and with a new notch on her belt. That's what matters.

"Did you get a chance to offer your services to the Engineers?" you ask, pausing on your way out the door as you recall mentioning that possibility to her at your first meeting.

"With Inextinguishable Flame, yes, for a while. Head Engineer Gurnisson was studying its effects on the Urmskaladrak. But after it was lost, the other Engineers don't want to take a chance with it."

"Ah," you say, a little disappointed. "I suppose that's not unexpected. Dwarves tend to be wary about changes to their designs in general, and around magic in particular."

---

What wildlife there is that calls these mountains home seems to have no desire to approach the rumbling chorus of engines, and if it were not for a handful of reports from the Knights of Taal's Fury of wary Sabretusks deciding against conflict with packs of Demigryphs, you'd be left with the impression that there was no life in these mountains but hardy trees. Perhaps that's evidence that these mountains are more relations of the Mountains of Mourn than the World's Edge Mountains, or perhaps it's an isolated population that's made itself at home far from its native range - it's impossible to say one way or the other without a proper study. Whatever the case, they aren't making a nuisance of themselves, so for the Expedition's purposes they can be discounted entirely.

As the convoy finally reaches sea level, you relax your grip on Ulgu and run your eyes over the endless expanse of blues and whites. You'd expected something as flat as a frozen pond in a Stirland winter, but the sea here seems to have been frozen between one instant and the next in the midst of a roiling storm, with vast, smooth mountains and valleys of frozen waves giving the surface texture where you expected none. A relentless biting wind blows from the north, mirroring the Winds blowing far overhead, and the snow piling in the low points seem like they'll give the steam-wagons some traction as they weave their way through the unmoving waves. Merciless terrain to those that don't bring their heat with them, but to the Expedition, it will hopefully prove a nice, quiet interlude before the final sprint through Norsca.


The four with the most votes will be chosen.

Spend time getting to know...
[ ] Head Ranger Snorri Farstrider
[ ] Preceptor Joerg von Zavstra
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart the Younger
[ ] Asarnil the Dragonlord
[ ] Deathfang
[ ] Ice Crone Ljiljana
[ ] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[ ] Citharus, Barbitus, and Timpania
[ ] Magister Michel Solmann
[ ] Journeyman Cyrston von Danling
[ ] Journeywoman Alexandra Kohler

Become involved with:
[ ] Ranging far ahead of the convoy
- With the Knights of Taal's Fury
[ ] Scouting near the convoy
- With the Winter Wolves

Other:
[ ] Be ready to use Rite of Way should it prove necessary
[ ] Attempt to make contact with the Baersonlings
- The Norscan tribe that calls the area you'll soon be travelling through home. They are known for their bravery and their golden hair.
[ ] Study the seals and ice crabs that call this ice home
- With Esbern and Seija
[ ] Attempt to locate and observe an icebreaker-led convoy from Uzkulak



- There will be a one hour moratorium.
- The end of this set of actions will see you at the edge of Baersonling territory in Norsca, with about one week remaining until you reach Kislev.
  </body>
</html>