<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 9 - 2474</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 9 - 2474</h2>
Winning votes:



			[*][WatchDuty] Underground: Absorbing the Sewer Jacks and rat-catchers into the Watch will allow you to make the underways of the city as safe as the streets above.
[*][WatchName] Stirland Watch

[*] [Public] Plan The Watched
-[*] The Watch is now legally under the office of the Spymaster and no longer doing their own thing on the city's budget. If anyone has areas of concern regarding law enforcement needing attention they could bring it up as well.
--[*] You'd also want to talk to Kasmir about arranging some appropriate spiritual guidance for the Watch, since it doesn't have anything formal set up, and this being Stirland, they could probably use someone to talk to when they come across dead bodies, or help answer the more complicated questions they encounter in the course of their duties, like when some burgher are simply following a legal cult too enthusiastically rather than conducting an unholy sacrifice to the dark powers.

[*] [Private] Plan Team Mystic
-[*] Much to your chagrin the efforts at setting up a lab had been hit yet again by the latest fashion statement. Which was your own damned fault. You hope this is funding expansion in somebody's fancy glassware industries somewhere and the price drops once the fad wears out.
-[*] In addition to publicly taking over the Watch, you've also put in agents throughout the middle layers to make sure that thing with the servants never happens again.
-[*] Apparently you've somehow captured the Wisdom's Asp in such a manner that it got stuck threading between the mirrors, so it's half alive and half dispersed, half in the material realm and half in the Warp...well this particular snake is not going to reform as slain daemons and their ilk are wont to while the box exists. Unfortunately the method wouldn't work safely on anything BUT a Wisdom's Asp, and it'd have to be very very unlucky or extremely stupid to get stuck in this exact manner.
-[*] The lands you were granted for your knighthood were very well suited to your limited availability to oversee the estates. Thanks for that.

[Orders] Plan Who Ya Gonna Call?
[*] If we've got vampire troubles, maybe you should spend some time investigating how to counter vampiric infiltration.
[*] Your intelligence infrastructure is becoming worthy of the title; perhaps you could dedicate some time to expanding it. And, ideally, Stirland could pay for it directly instead of it eating your discretionary income.
[*] The Wurtbadian Watch is now your pet. Given more time, you can make it your attack dog.
[*] Write In: Given the many forms and threats of undead in the region, perhaps it might be useful to have a dedicated unit to track them down and dissect them to learn how to better kill the things, how they might form, and how they might disguise or hide their nature, so as to actually push the undead back permanently. Something like what you did together on the transformed servants, but on a bigger scale.
Number of voters: 11

Click to expand...
Click to shrink...


Van Hal finally arrives, carrying his usual burden of papers that is swiftly added to by everyone around the table. He takes a moment to skim through them and, apparently not seeing anything unexpected, opens the meeting. "Most of my time has been spent in Leicheberg," he says, "and thus far, my impressions have been positive. The as-yet unnamed Fort outside of Leicheberg has come into its own as a new center of military might in Stirland, and to Gustav, Kasmir and Detlef, I give my thanks." The three of them accept the gratitude with nods, grins on Gustav and Schultz playing counterpart to the slightest hint of a smile on Kasmir's face. "Schultz, your report?"

"The barracks now deserve the title of a Fort, which at your Grace's suggestion has been named Fort Redemption. And while the Fort is not complete - no fort is ever complete, there is always more that can be done to make it more secure - it is now completely in operation. Two Divisions call it home, and the administrative infrastructure for them is now in place. Unfortunately, I can't say as much for what the troops insist on calling the Haunted Highway - attacks have increased even further, bringing work to a standstill on both ends. Gustav has the details."

At Van Hal's nod, Gustav chimes in. "The newly-formed Outriders have been taking hits just keeping the roadworks going. I've tried to scout out the Hills both myself and by sending some of the more skilled recruits, but there's just too many of the buggers out there to get far without being chased out, so I can't tell whether we've just stirred up the area or if this is indicative of some 'critical mass' of Sylvaniism. There's some good news - apart from a few gaps in the ranks from casualties, there's now two cohorts of pistoliers formed."

"Attach them both to the 2nd Division," Van Hal says. "Kasmir?"

"The chaplaincy project is well underway," he says. "I estimate another six months until the 2nd and 3rd are fully served. The chaplains already recruited are setting up shrines to the six most common gods within the wall of Fort Redemption; Sigmar, Ulric, Myrmidia, Verena, Shallya and Morr. These should serve the needs of the men, though I would like it to be a priority in the medium-term for these to be expanded into temples."

"That road is a priority - with it, the 4th would be only a week away. Without, it's closer to three, and that's if the Moot has no objection to our forces marching through their lands. I'll return to Leicheberg with the three of you, and decide there whether the Divisions will deploy in force to protect roadworks, or whether it's time to sally into the Haunted Hills. Wilhelmina, how's the home front?"

"Trade is picking up well," she says, glancing down at a page full of figures. "The EIC is already profiting from continuing the trade agreements we picked up, and the sale of the rest has been a welcome addition to Stirland's coffers."

"Speaking of trade, I want you to make sure the supply chain for Fort Redemption is secure. I think the army is currently buying from the open market in Leicheberg and that's mostly been working out because the local traders have been importing from the Moot, and if that's a viable long-term solution then fine, but I don't know that it is. Come with us back to Fort Redemption and look the situation over. Mathilde, how's law enforcement?"

"The Watch is now legally under the office of the Spymistress, and drawing funds from the Stirlandian treasury rather than that of the City of Wurtbad. I'll be working to expand their coverage and skills in the coming years, and I'd like for the army's chaplaincy program to be expanded to cover them - they're currently without any formal spiritual guidance."

"Kasmir, when it comes time to provide Chaplains to the 1st, take care of the Watch as well," Van Hal orders. He looks down at the papers you handed him thoughtfully. "This idea you have about investigating and countering undead threats... it's an interesting idea, but how do you envision its organization?"

"A tricky question," you reply. "As this is a completely new idea, it's difficult to see where it would work best. It could be attached to the military, or the Watch, or be an independent organization under the office of the Spymistress."

"It does seem a natural fit for the Witch Hunters," Kasmir chimes in.

"Or a branch campus of the Colleges," Van Hal says thoughtfully. "Or possibly under me directly. Too many unknowns. If you have spare time, put together a proper proposal, including where they'd fit into existing hierarchies, and I'll consider it in the future. For now, expand the Watch along the Old Dwarf Road - if the troubles in the Haunted Hills are indicative of a general uptick in undead activity, those hills east of Potting are going to become a problem, and I want forces able to maintain order in at least Worden and Potting, and ideally along all population centers along the Road. Anton, what about you?"

"There was a lot of talk about how much land east of the Matting the County of Wolfsbach would get, but it all worked out in the end," Anton reports happily. "Everyone's happy with the arrangement and I made sure that everyone knew that you were to thank for it, so everyone in Western Stirland is really happy with you."

Van Hal gives Anton a thoughtful look. "Including Blutdorf?"

"Oh, dad was already happy," he explains. "He likes me having this job, and he likes all the pistols that we've been buying from Wissenland, and he likes that the Stirlandian League has been stomped on."

Van Hal just stares at Anton blankly for a moment, then smiles. "Good to hear. Talabecland will be your next stop - they're still getting used to the idea of a Stirland that actually does things instead of slowly decomposing into a puddle of grift on their southern border, so I'd like you to remind them that I'm not a Haupt-Anderssen. Say things about trade, and sound them out regarding any assistance they'd be willing to give for an invasion in force into Sylvania. It's a long shot, but worth asking."

The meeting drifts to a close after that, as Van Hal starts discussing travel arrangements with Schultz, Kasmir and Gustav. You gather up your papers and head off to await Van Hal in his office.

---

"I really need to start a Leicheberg to Halstedt road," Van Hal groans as he enters his office, and takes the mug of brandy from you gratefully - you fished the bottle out of his bottom drawer while waiting for him. "Thanks. Blasted Sylvania - Stirland could be a wealthy and productive land without that millstone around our collective necks."

"If wishes were fishes, there'd be no room in the rivers for water," you reply, and he snorts.

"True, true. But by Sigmar, we can't even build a bloody road without ghosts coming out of the hills to try and eat us."

You nod in commiseration, and he sits himself down, broodily sipping at his mug. "Not that there aren't upsides," he admits. "Any other province and I would have been drawn into Imperial politics immediately. Stirland, I had some breathing room until they started playing games."

"Talabecland?" you guess.

"Talabecland are the loudest of them, but that's just because they see an opportunity to rebuild southern trade and want to get the lion's share of profits from it. We'll see how well Wilhelmina does at preventing that. But Averland and Ostermark are watching, because Sylvania's partly their problem too, and Wissenland and Reikland... god, it's easy to forget that Stirland's got half the Empire as neighbours. But there's an Elector's Meet coming up, and that's going to mean all eyes on the newcomer."

"Oh? What's the topic?"

"Dwarf business. Some hold they want to reclaim. But there'll be the usual politicking on the side - marriage will probably come up."

"An unmarried Elector Count usually doesn't stay that way for long," you note neutrally, not sure how you feel about this.

"Widowed, actually," he corrects, and smiles a little sadly at your look of shock. "Ancient history. She died in childbirth in '66. There's three little Van Hals out there, ready to carry on the family mission should this experiment fail, but nobody knows about them but a few trusted allies." He lets the silence stretch a little moment, then breaks it. "Anyway. Report. How's Knighted life treating you?"

You take a moment to get your thoughts in order. "Very well. The lands seem capable of thriving from neglect - thank you for that." He nods in acceptance, and you move on to the next topic. "On top of those in command reporting to me directly, I've got informants throughout the ranks of the Watch. It won't be able to wriggle free of my grip."

"I'd expect nothing less. How goes that snake of yours?"

"Fashion is making it aggravatingly difficult to get my hands on equipment for a proper study, but I managed to figure some things out. I somehow captured the Wisdom's Asp in such a manner that it got stuck threading between the mirrors, so it's half alive and half dispersed, half in the material realm and half in the Warp... it's not going to be able to reform like slain demons usually do, not while the box exists. Unfortunately the method wouldn't work safely on anything but a Wisdom's Asp..." You frown at a sudden thought. "Unless there's other types of warp entities out there that use untainted winds... anyway. It'd have to be a very, very unlucky or extremely stupid entity to get stuck in this exact manner."

"A shame, but considering the cost, it's unlikely that the same method would enter a Witch Hunter's standard arsenal. Still, once your studies are concluded, if there's nothing unusually sensitive about the information have it written up and sent to the Archives in Altdorf. Undistributed knowledge is wasted knowledge."

You nod, and he looks down at the papers he dumped on his desk when he entered and sighs. "If there's nothing else, I've got a lot of paperwork to get through before I can go gallivanting around the Sylvanian border." You take the hint, and your leave.

---

Fort Redemption built outside Leicheberg
2nd and 3rd Division now have attached chaplaincy corp
1st and 2nd Pistolier Cohort added to 2nd Division
Wealth of Stirland: Recovering
Income of Stirland: Mediocre
Treasury of Stirland: Mediocre
Flensburg Issue: Solved!
Western Stirland loyalty is now unshakeable.

---

PLAN FOR THIS TURN

ORGANIZATIONAL ACTIONS - pick ONE from EACH of the categories 'Information Network' and 'Stirland Watch':

Information Network - pick ONE (no action expenditure required):
[ ] Consolidation: You currently have a patchwork of useful contacts. Backfill so that you can rightfully claim to cover entire towns.
[ ] Interweave your network with the Watch as it expands, so that you can use the Watch to cover your network's communication lines and actions. (NEW)
[ ] Expand your information network into another province (choose one) (LOCKED until information network is financially independent or discretionary income expanded) (NEW)
[ ] Expand your information network into another county or barony (choose one) (LOCKED until information network is financially independent or discretionary income expanded) (NEW)
[ ] Expand your information network into the military (choose a Division) (LOCKED until information network is financially independent or discretionary income expanded) (NEW)
[ ] Off the Leash: Let Julia handle the network without your micromanagement from now on. (LOCKED until information network is financially independent or discretionary income expanded; will remove this from Organizational Actions) (NEW)
[ ] Choose a formal name for your information network (write in - does not count as your choice for the Network)

Information Network finances - expansion is hobbled by it's dependence on your discretionary income, and so is your budget. Perhaps you can get past that. Can be chosen INSTEAD of a selection from the above.
[ ] Information Broker: Start selling tidbits of information, just enough for your information network to start paying for itself.
[ ] Fixer: Work with the Wurtbad Thieves Guild, supplying them information in exchange for a portion of profits. (NEW)
[ ] Special Branch: Pull some financial trickery to get the information network classified as part of the Watch, so that their costs are covered by the Stirlandian treasury. (NEW)
[ ] Trade Delegation: Convince Wilhelmina and Markus to partner your network with the EIC based on the value of market information. (NEW)

Stirland Watch - pick ONE (no action expenditure required):
[ ] Expand the ranks of the Watch, so that they're able to start covering even the poorer parts of their covered area.
[ ] Improve the training of the Watch, hiring trainers and dedicating paid time each week to sharpening skills.
[ ] Integrate the Roadwarden network of covered areas into the Watch.
[ ] Expand the administration of the Watch so that they can expand into other counties without your personal oversight.
[ ] Seek out a new leader for the Watch.


PERSONAL ACTIONS - CHOOSE BETWEEN FIVE AND SEVEN. ANY CHOSEN BEYOND THE FIRST FIVE WILL COME WITH RISKS - PLEASE SPECIFY THE 'ADDITIONAL' TASKS.:

As Per Orders: Perform your current assignment.
[ ] Complete taking control of the renamed Stirland Watch. (spend an action to complete the takeover begun last turn)
[ ] Investigate the possibility of adding a River Warden branch of the Watch.
[ ] Integrate the rat catchers, sewer-jacks and gong farmers into the Watch, and begin having the rank-and-file of the Watch learn from them (Watch speciality action).
[ ] Expand the Watch into the rest of the County of Wurtbad, first priority being Tarshof.
[ ] Expand the Watch into the County of Worden, prioritizing Worden and Potting.

Miscellany:
[ ] Financial Jargon: Everything with the EIC flew right over your head last time. Try again. Succeeding here will mean that you can take a more active hand in the company, adding it to the organizational actions; failing or not attempting means Mathilde will remain a silent partner. (NEW)
[ ] Hang Out A Shingle: Spymasters don't advertise, but wizards sometimes do. Make an official announcement that there's a wizard in residence, and see who comes out of the woodwork.
[ ] Can I Come Too?: Everyone seems to be riding off to Leicheberg lately. Tag along and see what's going on with these Haunted Hills. (NEW)
[ ] Formal Proposal: Your idea for an undead research team intrigues Van Hal, but he wants more information. Write up a full proposal, including where it will fit in the existing heirarchy, and spend some time sourcing the equipment it would require. Write in details: Name, who it is technically a part of (Watch, Witch Hunters, Military, College, none), and whether it reports directly to you (becomes a new Organization you command) or not. (NEW)
[ ] A Crisis of Faith: Van Hal's ongoing alienation with the Sigmarite faith seems to be on the mend. But maybe you feel like meddling anyway. (write in)

Self-Improvement: Things have been going well so far, but the skills of a Journeyman Grey Mage can only go so far.
[ ] Practice, Practice, Practice: Having been thrown into the deep end of imperial politics, it would probably be a good idea to brush up on your skills and internalize the lessons you've learned (choose which trait; can be taken multiple times; will be more effective if you've used the trait a lot lately).
[ ] Tutoring: One of your fellow councillors may be willing to teach you in their chosen field (choose who).
[ ] Pretty Good Swords: You've struck up a friendship with the Champion of the Greatswords and have discovered a talent for wielding them. Continue to cultivate this.
[ ] Combat Training: You're virtually surrounded by armed warriors of various sorts. See if you can convince one to teach you (choose who).
[ ] Combat Training, In The Free Market: You haven't made many heavily armed friends yet, but gold is good for that. Go out and buy some training. (-personal gold)
[ ] Enchantment: You're naturally talented at enchantment; so far, this just amounts to being able to make your desk meow for about an hour. See if you can improve on that, or at least figure out a way to make that useful.

Home Comforts: Your Palace-Shrine is bursting with potential. And also mud.
[ ] Diggy Diggy Hole, Remixed: You're getting sick of having workmen tramping in and out of your abode. Recruit an entire team and personally oversee them to clear out all of the reachable portions of the Palace-Shrine and be done with it. (-personal gold)
[ ] Enchantment: So far you've still failed to find suitable equipment (damn Wizard Chic) but you could always try to throw your authority behind commissions from glassblowers and blacksmiths. (-discretionary gold, action required to set up and learn to use equipment)
[ ] Filled with Potential: You've got a room cleared out and ready to be put to use. Decide what you're going to put there and get started on equipping it. (write in the purpose of the room)

Research:
[ ] Undead Research: This is Stirland. Time to bone up on your knowledge of the Undead.
[ ] Shyish-kebabs: The Shyish swords are hideously dangerous as weapons, but fascinating as a subject of study. Try to reverse-engineer the lost enchantments woven into them.
[ ] Bound Spells: Though the corrosive Dhar made them high-maintenance, the design of the bound spells in the castle's infiltrators has fascinating possibilities. Try to adapt it for use with Ulgu.
[ ] Qhaysh Juice: Whatever it is, it's dripping out of the box at a steady rate. It's got to be good for something. (NEW)
[ ] As a Journeywoman, the path to Magister is marked by mastering more than the two shadow spells you already know. Send to the Grey Order for the basics and work on figuring out one of the others.

Influence:
[ ] Thieves Guild: It's currently little more than a church group, albeit of a very unconventional god. If it could be expanded under your aegis, it could be a powerful tool.
[ ] Biderhof: This village based on woodcutting and agriculture, has adopted you as one of it's own. Maybe you should adopt it as your own, in a literal sense.
[ ] Non-Thief Guilds: Wurtbad, like all major cities, is home to a number of guilds. Reach out to them and enforce your will.

Relations:
[ ] Getting To Know You: Spend time with one of your fellow councillors or your liege, offering your help in their tasks and generally getting a feel for them (choose one).
[ ] Getting To Know You Whether You Like It Or Not: You've been given good reason to mistrust your fellow councillors. Perhaps you should see what they spent their time doing (choose one).
[ ] Letters Home: You might be able to wring more information out of your Master, or you might just be able to get news, information and guidance in general from the Grey Order.
[ ] Free Time: Now well-established in Wurtbad, you can spend some time in your scant off hours getting to know someone better. Pick one character. (no action required)

---

WAIFU VOTE

Who, if anyone, does Mathilde desire a romantic relationship with? This only determines who, in the privacy of her own mind, Mathilde likes the look of - it does not begin a relationship or even guarantee that such a relationship is possible, and by itself it will not change anything but some of her internal dialogue when faced with the person in question.

Elector Count Abelhelm Van Hal: An ambitious choice. But you are a noble now, and you do share a number of interests...
The Honourable Anton Kiesinger II: The heir to the Barony of Blutdorf appears to be completely lacking in subtlety and realpolitik knowhow, but he makes friends easily and seems to be remarkably competent at his job.
Sir Markus von Pfaffbach: He's well-off if he was able to invest in the EIC, he holds a position of great honour, and he's damn skilled with his sword.
Outrider Champion Gustav von Jungfreud: He's a newcomer to the game, but maybe you like a guy as at home on a physical horse as you are on a shadow horse.
Brother Kasmir Heinz: Is he bound to a vow of chastity? Maybe not. Or maybe it would be fun to make him break it.
Magister Regimand Speiseschrank: Mandatory sensei option.
Wilhelmina Hochschild: Maybe you swing the other way. She's got children, but no mention of any husband.
Julia Antoinette Massif: Another option of the fairer sex. She's a member of the ruling dynasty of the technically-democratic Chartered Free Town of Flensburg and has keen interest in archery and skulduggery.
None of the above: Mathilde is open to the idea, but none of the current options really do it for her.
None, period: Mathilde is not for romance.
Ranald: NO, THAT'S HERESY
Wisdom's Asp: DEFINITELY NOT

---

FINANCES: NO ACTION POINT EXPENDITURE.

Personal Income: 60 gold/turn
Discretionary Income: 150 gold/turn
Informer Payroll unlocked

Currently paying Grey College tithe (-6 personal gold/turn)
Currently paying Grey College student loans (-35 personal gold/turn)

Currently embezzling 1/4 of discretionary income (-35 discretionary gold/turn, +35 personal gold/turn)

Currently employing 6 veteran informants (-60 discretionary gold/turn)
Currently funding a number of Watch informants (-10 discretionary gold/turn)
Currently funding a number of EIC informants (-20 discretionary gold/turn)
Currently employing Julia Massif (-30 discretionary gold/turn)
Currently maintaining the staff of a townhouse in Wurtbad (-20 discretionary gold/turn)

[ ] Begin plumping the informer rolls (choose ratio of real:fake informers. Almost impossible to detect, but also very difficult to increase or decrease the amount quickly)
[ ] Change tithe payment/loan payment/embezzlement (specify)
[ ] These agents are getting expensive. Write up a proposal for your discretionary budget to be increased, instead of waiting for Van Hal to decide to increase it. (warning: attracts oversight to your current budget)

- You can write in orders, but something worth writing in is probably worth adding to the list of possible orders, so feel free to ask if your idea can be added.
- As always, voting will be in plan format. The WAIFU VOTE will be separate to the plan. The WAIFU VOTE will not be a lock-in - it will change her inner monologue and unlock new personal actions, but if none of the relevant actions are taken and discussion in the thread starts to favour a different candidate, I will hold a new WAIFU VOTE. Yes, the all-caps is necessary
- As more organizations are founded or absorbed, this will become more of a 'traditional' CK2 quest, with choices in a range of specialized areas each turn and personal actions separate. This can be 'walked back' if desired by allowing leaders to act independently and not bringing more organizations on board. I know that no choice will please everyone; some people will be excited for Mathilde to go from a single confused journeywoman muddling her way through things to ruling over a personal fiefdom of powerful organizations, but other people will be sad to see the quest lose the 'down-to-earth' tone of early turns. If you've a preference, express it through voting and explaining your point of view in the thread.
- Don't forget Ranald's Blessing!
- Take note - you now have FIVE actions, with the option to overwork up to seven. This represents the time taken to manage both your information network and the Watch - there is no way to eliminate this without completely giving up personal control over them.
  </body>
</html>