<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 35 Results - 2487 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 35 Results - 2487 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Vote tally

[*] Plan WEB-MAT & Culture
-[*] JOHANN: Have Johann spend time getting to know Kadoh, who has expressed an interest in meeting the 'fist metal-Mage'.
-[*] EGRIMM: Study an artefact: Golden Arm
-[*] MAX: Go through every library of the Colleges you can access for any scrap of information about Waystones.
-[*] Attempt to bring a Karak's Runesmiths into the Waystone Project (Karak Azul)
--[*] COIN: The Gambler
-[*] Furnish the living spaces of the Waystone Project HQ (600gc)
-[*] Immerse yourself in the culture of the 'Cityborn' Toriour inhabitants of Tor Lithanel
-[*] Immerse yourself in the culture of the 'Forestborn' Faniour inhabitants of the woods surrounding Tor Lithanel
-[*] EIC: Have a blackpowder factory built in Wurtbad.
-[*] SERENITY: Observations of Karag Dum and its unusual guardian



You'd met Lady Magister Stanisława Skłodowicz, the High Wizard of Middenheim, once before, but that was a brief meeting while you passed through her domain for a meeting with the Ar-Ulric. As Middenheim is the obvious waystation for personnel and materials that the nascent project may require, and the Wizards and Alchemists Guild the obvious middle-man for handling it, you organize a lengthier meeting with her to take place before the arrival of your first three fellows.

"Mmm," she says distractedly, her eyes never straying far from a softly simmering alembic. "Well, I won't pretend I'll be put out by all this. Ulrican hosts can be prickly, and you working with their new friends is going to make that easier. Just Wizards, is it?"

"At first, but I'm hoping to bring in non-Wizard contributors. Dwarves, and possibly Priests."

"I'll have someone sort something out elsewhere, then. This is primarily a laboratory, and they might not be used to things like the occasional explosion. But Wizards would be used to that sort of thing. Anyone I'd know?"

"From your Order, Magisters Johann and Maximilian de Gaynesford."

"Gehenna's boy?" You nod. "A bit of a pity project, or so we thought, but he turned out well. Don't think I know the other one. Recent graduate?"

"Yes, and he's been working with me in Eight Peaks right from the start, back when he was a Journeyman." She nods, but offers no further comment. "The third is Magister Egrimm van Horstmann, of the Light Order."

She looks directly at you for the first time in the conversation. "The Light Order is taking an interest?"

"Just Egrimm," you correct.

She gives you a long, searching look. As focused as she is on her own research, one doesn't become a Lady Magister or the High Wizard of Middenheim by being ignorant of politics. But in the end she doesn't ask any of the questions she might have. "Just Egrimm, then," she says. "Very well. I'll have someone prepare rooms for their arrival, and I'll have word sent when they arrive. The Graf has birds that can carry messages to their city."

---

A few days later you meet the trio of incoming Wizards at Middenheim. "Magisters," you say in greeting as they enter the meeting room you'd borrowed for the purpose from the Guild.

"Lady Magister," Johann says, carrying the crate you'd asked him to bring from Karak Eight Peaks. "Where do you want this?"

"Just on the table will be fine," you say with a wave, resisting the desire to smile at Egrimm's searching look. He'd been waiting impatiently in the Guild's lobby ever since he arrived in Middenheim, so for him to be told he had a meeting inside it by one of the Guild's Perpetuals without ever seeing you enter must have given him a start. "Good trip?"

"Long, loud, and cold," Maximilian says.

"Same as always, then. Still better than walking. How about you, Egrimm?"

"A boat to Grimminhagen, and a coach the rest of the way. Pleasant enough. But I'm still not sure why I'm here."

"Mira didn't mention?"

"If that woman says jump, I don't ask questions, I jump. Especially considering..." He looks sideways at Johann and Maximilian. "Well. Considering."

"Very well. We're here to work with the Eonir."

He frowns. "The Orders are getting involved in the Nordland mess?"

"Not directly. A joint research project into the Waystones, as they've been led to believe that Karak Eight Peaks has insight into them that they lack. And as the former Loremaster of Karak Eight Peaks, I was the natural fulcrum for a cooperative effort. And to bring the Empire to the table formally I've formed a branch college - the World's Edge Branch for the Multidisciplinary Advancement of Thaumaturgy."

"Led to believe," Egrimm echoes.

"Yes, that's the rub. In truth, we don't. Everything that I know about Waystones came from Teclis, and everything Karak Eight Peaks knew died with their Runesmiths Guild in 513 BIC. So our priority is to look busy and productive while we do everything in our power to change that. As such, Max?"

"Yes?"

"You won't be joining us in Tor Lithanel just yet. With my authority, go through every College library that will have you for any scrap of information. I doubt anyone left their Big Book of Ancient Secrets in the public section by mistake, but there's sure to be pieces scattered around the place, and you're the man to gather them together."

"That's going to be a lot of libraries," he says, a smile spreading across his face.

"I won't begrudge you taking advantage of the opportunity while you're at it, but don't forget why you're there. Hopefully there'll be enough to serve as a stopgap until we can find something solid for the Empire's contribution. For the Dwarves-"

"What if there is nothing for the Empire's contribution?" Egrimm interrupts.

You shake your head firmly. "Our ancestors have been living amongst the Waystones since the first one was erected here. I refuse to believe that in six thousand years, the collective minds of a continent have failed to produce any usable data. Nothing mass-produced on that scale is that inscrutable. The problem isn't whether it exists, it's who's keeping it to themselves." You gesture at the room around you. "This Guild is a thousand years old." You gesture at yourself. "The Hedgefolk advised Sigmar when He was building the Empire." You look to Egrimm. "Your Order built a pyramid in Altdorf, and nobody believes it was just for the aesthetic. We are inheritors of magical traditions that predate Teclis' White Tower. That information is out there, and I'll find who has it and drag them to the table, one way or another." You take a breath. "Speaking of dragging, that's my lot for the coming months - I'm going to try to ensnare Karak Azul's Runesmiths. I've worked with them before, and hopefully they'd have less ancestral baggage about Elves since the closest Elven outpost to them would have been Sartosa."

"Sartosa was an Elven outpost?" Johann asks.

"I've been digging into their history and, believe me, you won't go far wrong if you assume literally every island was at some point. You, I want making friends. There's an Elf called Kadoh who I think you'd get along with, and he's the second or third most powerful Elf in Tor Lithanel right now." Johann looks doubtful, but doesn't question it. "As for you, Egrimm, that's why I had Johann bring that crate north with him." You nod to Johann. "If you could?" There's a creak of protesting wood as he effortlessly pulls open the nailed-shut lid, revealing the clawed golden arm you'd acquired at Uzkulak within.

"What is it?" Egrimm asks, staring transfixed.

"Good question. It'll be our job to answer it. The Norscan I acquired it from wasn't very explanative." You were being entirely literal and honest, but it would be easy to take your words as an understated boast about acquiring an unusual combat trophy, and by his expression Egrimm has done just that. As dissatisfied as he was with Alric, it's still rather a step down in prestige to go from the most senior Magister Patriarch of the Orders of Magic to the most junior Lady Magister, so any little thing to shore up your own status in his eyes could be helpful. "There's not a coast in the Great Ocean their vessels haven't reached and he could have got it from someone else, so it could be from anywhere." You nod to Johann, who reseals the box with a splintering crunch. "We've got a rather large building to ourselves in Tor Lithanel, so we'll be able to set up a basic laboratory while we're furnishing the living spaces. Getting there is going to be unpleasant, though. The only path that isn't through Nordland or Marienburg is through the Schadensumpf. Egrimm, do you know how to ride a horse?"

"Yes," he says.

"Good. A Shadowsteed can get through it if you stick to the path, but you really don't want to be falling off. Johann should be fine, though."

"Why?" he asks curiously, turning to Johann, whose golden limbs were completely covered.

You smile, imagining a legion of leeches blunting their teeth on his golden skin. "You'll see. But Johann, you might want to wear clothes you won't mind ruining."

---

Your first purchase in Tor Lithanel is a bathtub for Johann, but it's far from the last. You plan to have all sorts of visiting contributors over the coming years, and you don't want any of them to be tempted to cut their visit short in favour of the comforts of home. This is your first extended foray into the city of Tor Lithanel, and it's one that proves quite effective, as there's none so helpful and patient as someone who's about to make a substantial sale, whether that someone be human or Elf. And it's through this that you begin your investigation into the people and culture of the 'Toriour' - the Cityborn Eonir. What you quickly discover is that Tor Lithanel is, more than anything, an extremely crowded city, much more so than you had believed to be the case at first glance. For though you do not feel anywhere near as crowded as you do in a typical Altdorf street, the street in question is a great deal wider than the cramped avenues of human settlements, and it's that extra width that misdirected you at first.

To be Cityborn, you piece together from answers to artfully offhand questions as you furnish your new dwelling, means exactly that: to have inherited the ancient right to reside within Tor Lithanel. But that right has been inherited by many over the years, and constricted horizontally by the city's walls and vertically by the needs of the plants lining every street for sunlight, living space has become more and more scarce. Those who do not have the fortune to have been born to a Major House - which is much more literal than you expected, as it denotes those families who were granted a large property by the founding charter of Tor Lithanel - find living space at a premium. Few can afford more than space to sleep and store a few items, so most live their waking lives in the streets. Which is, perhaps, not so bad as it first sounds, because such lovely streets they are.

In your experience so far, it seems like there is no place on any street in Tor Lithanel where you would be unable to draw line of sight to the Elven equivalent of a tavern, where a single wooden 'coin' roughly equivalent in value to thruppence can buy a lovely meal and a earthenware mug of very agreeable wine, with the price kept low and the quality high by the ubiquity of fruits and nuts free for the taking. Theaters and odeons are plentiful with only the largest charging admission, and in the smaller ones anyone who cares to take the stage is free to do so, so there is a steady stream of entertainment by people who would be considered masters by any shorter-lived race. There are regular festivals in honour to various Gods and the business of governance is all conducted in the Agora in full view of the public. There are public bathhouses and the silk clothing favoured by the populace is hard-wearing enough to only need replacing every few decades, and communal bunkhouses are provided by many of the Major Houses to those who can't or won't rent accommodations of their own. The cost of living in Tor Lithanel can be practically zero, if one has the good fortune to be born Toriour. This second impression Tor Lithanel gives you is a rather favourable one, where the least fortunate is still better off than so many citizens of the Empire.

But though the many Elves you talk to speak freely of the floor on quality of life, their words also hint at an equally impenetrable ceiling. Those with ambition can try to better themselves through commerce, but competition is fierce, customers are few, and the rent for even a tiny studio is ruinous. Most that try typically enjoy a modest success off the back of novelty, but when that dries up so too do their funds, and most end up back in the bunkhouses. And off the back of the money from rents and influence from providing beds to those who otherwise would not have them, the Major Houses reinforce an already unassailable position in society. When Maruviel, Handmaiden to and niece of the Everqueen Yvraine, made promises to the families who had enough money and influence to make the colonization of Laurelorn possible, she can't have imagined that millennia later the society that had sprouted from that colony would be strangled by those same promises.

So what is an Elf to do, if they yearn for more from a society where so much is monopolized by twenty-one families? Some turn to the Temples to find meaning in the Gods, but those, too, are dominated by the Major Houses. Some seek political power, but the High Council is restricted to the Major Houses, the Senate is strictly advisory, and the only avenue left is to be Champion, which is decided by a series of tests of skill every four years and its exact format is decided by the Temple of Asuryan, which is to say, it is decided by House Malforric. Some immerse themselves in the pursuit of various arts, and verses and tunes and songs of bittersweet yearning fill the air throughout the city.

But some do none of these things. Some simply walk away from Tor Lithanel.

The unspoken shame of the Toriour is that not all of the Faniour descend from refugees of millennia ago. Many of them are those who threw away the privileges that other Cityborn cling to so tightly and found freedom in the world outside the walls, where food must be hunted or gathered and safety is not guaranteed, but where one can weave a palace out of any unoccupied treetop, and if there are any comforts of the city they still yearn for, they can simply purchase them; all but the right to be within the city walls after dusk. This is where the raw materials for Tor Lithanel comes from, as visiting Faniour sell what they have harvested from the forest and buy them back as finished goods. The mark-up is high, but a Faniour woodsman or hunter or stonecutter has no need to rent a studio, and the few you see walking the streets of Tor Lithanel during the day have a relaxed, almost indulgent air about them that contrasts sharply with the aura of quiet desperation that all but the most successful of those you patronize possess.

Beginning an investigation into the Cityborn is as easy as walking out the door, but the Forestborn present some difficulties. Finding their homes is easy enough, but as you stare up at glimpses of a second city among the treetops with nary a ladder or staircase in sight, you realize that the Faniour will present more of a challenge than the Toriour. You were invited inside the walls of Tor Lithanel and thus inside the lives of the Cityborn, but each Forestborn has their own 'walls' provided by the towering height and the smooth bark of the trees they live atop. Eventually you resort to wandering around staring upwards until you find someone looking down at this strange human wandering around below them, and using their befuddled curiosity as a foot in the door.

This kind of works, but only to a point. The Cityborn have no choice but to be social, but the Forestborn can and do choose their interactions, and once their curiosity is sated they see no reason not to disappear back into the treetops. It doesn't take long before you to grow frustrated of this approach, and you find a new avenue to investigate when you find yourself drawn into an odeon by a gamine Elf singing longingly of the freedom of the treetops, and over a mug of spiced wine you quiz them on the subject of their song, and they admit sheepishly that they're more longing for one specific person enjoying the freedom of the treetops, namely a member of their 'kithband'. Questioning further, you learn that the Eonir do not have Guilds; the closest that they have is these 'kithbands', loose and voluntary social groups of people who share a vocation, interest, or cause. These relationships can and often do transcend the social classes of Cityborn and Forestborn, and it is through this you find a different way to approach the Forestborn.

Just about anyone who dedicates themselves to a creative endeavour is vulnerable to genuine interest in the topic of their work, and you leverage this upon the artists displaying, reciting, or performing work related to the world outside the city walls - of which there are quite a few, as the Forestborn and their lifestyles are exotic, close by, and a little bit taboo. Through this you manage to gain a series of introductions to their Forestborn kith, who are at least cooperative enough to answer a few of your questions before disappearing back into the trees. A handful are as curious about the world inside the walls as their counterparts within are of their own lives, and it's them who prove to be the richest resources, as they're willing to talk at length about the two societies, their interconnections, and the barriers between the two. What you learn is that to many of the Forestborn, the Cityborn Eonir may as well not exist for most purposes. They live their lives in the forest and the only impact the city has on their lives is as a marketplace, and they build their own societies among the treetops as interconnected or as isolated as they please. The two parallel classes exist in their own worlds, each looking down their noses at the other when they notice each other at all. It seems to work well most of the time... but not when conflict intrudes on their domain.

When Warherds gather, when Waaaghs form, when Daemons intrude, it is the Forestborn that suffer. When humans encroach on the forest, it is the Forestborn that are squeezed out of their homes and hunting ranges. It seems that all too often the Cityborn must be pestered into action, with the Senate calling for action for months before the High Council finally acknowledges a problem that has been festering for too long... but when they do act, it reminds the Forestborn where power truly lies within Laurelorn, as they emerge from their walled city crackling with magic and glowing with blessings. Ithilmar armour turns blows that punched through armour of leather and bark. Weapons bearing enchantments dating back millennia tear through terrors that ignored the arrows of the Forestborn. Ancient pacts and forgotten legends are called upon, summoning beasts and spirits from the darkest corners of the forest. And then the immediate threat is defeated and the Cityborn return to their precious city, leaving the Forestborn to the day-to-day attrition of the long war for Laurelorn.

It's a gripping tale, one that pulls on your heart and makes part of you want to rally against the injustice of it all. But it's a tale that you've heard a hundred times before, one that is always told by the disenfranchised. Sometimes the tale is true, as it so clearly was during the reign of Dieter IV, but you also overheard it in Stirland while it was ruled by Abelhelm, and undoubtedly someone was telling it as he lay dying in a tent in Sylvania. So you take care to remind yourself this is one perspective, not the entire picture.

...or perhaps that's just what you've been trained to think. The Grey Order is very careful to inculcate its Apprentices against populism, but while it's doing so it's also teaching them the skillset that allows them to notice they're being indoctrinated. The result is a lot of second-guessing, which is very appropriate for the pursuit of Ulgu but also rather disquieting to live with. Maybe Queen Marrisith is doing all she can, and for each problem that the Forestborn suffer from there's a dozen she's managed to hold off. Or maybe she acts only when she is directly threatened, and the rest of the time she enjoys a luxurious lifestyle that the Forestborn bleed daily to protect without ever getting to enjoy. The easy conclusion to those extremes is that the truth is somewhere in the middle, but that leads to the more difficult job of determining where, exactly, a given person can be found. Most rulers are neither Magnus nor Dieter, and you've yet to be given enough information to determine where Marrisith lies on that scale.

---

Johann and Kadoh seem like they would have a lot in common. Unfortunately, none of those things would be a language. You play with the idea of trying to find an interpreter, but the relationship you're trying to establish here is too important to leave in the hands of an unknown third party, so you end up having to join the two on their adventures. Both of them have pursued a life dedicated to transforming their bodies into an idealized form, they've just taken two very different paths on doing so, and early on their discussions involve the benefits and drawbacks to each approach, usually while bare from the waist up for ease of comparison. You're never fully able to determine whether it would be more awkward for you to look or to not look, but at least the process is making some strides towards better relations between humans and Elves, if the looks from passers-by are anything to judge by.

Thankfully the relationship evolves past the two of them flexing at each other and talking about musculature, and your translation only becomes needed when the two of them are planning their day, after which they're able to venture out unescorted to engage in various sports, exercises, and other adventures. Johann starts picking up a smattering of Eltharin from constant exposure, and when he starts coming home smelling faintly of olives instead of sweat you question him and find that a human entering into the public baths was met with no pushback, or at least no pushback that the Queen's Champion couldn't bludgeon his way through. It was a matter you'd given a bit of thought to, but hadn't end up pursuing because of how awkward it would have been, and since you'd become quite used to bathing privately anyway.

Johann had previously insisted he had no head for languages, but you suspect he had no head for learning languages in a formal setting, which is rather vindicated by his blooming grasp of the vocabulary without ever picking up a book on the subject for longer than required to look up a word or two. He and Egrimm - who has begun studying the language of his own accord - begin practicing with each other over meals, and eventually you're able to leave him to pursue his new friendship without you there to translate, only checking in every few days to see how it's doing. Between his muscles, forthrightness, and relative lack of book smarts it can be easy to fall into the trap of thinking of him as simple, but you're careful to never let yourself forget that he was concealing his true rank and agenda when you first met. Not in a negative way, of course, merely as an appreciation for a very useful skillset that he happens to possess. And though he seems to be growing genuinely fond of Kadoh, he knows what's at stake and how much influence the Queen's Champion has, and he's in no danger of losing sight of that.


[Skill gained: Eonir of Laurelorn: You've lived amongst the Toriour and Faniour of Laurelorn, and learned something of their society. +1 Diplomacy]
  </body>
</html>