<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The March to Karak Eight Peaks - Week 5 - Barak Varr</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The March to Karak Eight Peaks - Week 5 - Barak Varr</h2>


Spoiler



[*] Yes
-[*] Talisman
-[*] 15 Favors
-[*] Protection

[*] Have them help you teach your fast-growing familiar simple commands.
[*] Barak Varr is a trading hub; go shopping with her and employ your good name among dwarves to see if there's seeds of anything useful to be found.
[*] Many mercenaries look for work at Barak Varr among trades looking to make the long and dangerous trip to the east. See if any can be convinced to join the Expedition instead.
[*] Barak Varr is one of the greatest centers of trade in the world. Spend some time browsing to see if you find anything interesting.




Favours as currency is an art that the Grey College excels at, since the Vow of Poverty rather limits using currency as currency. To cash in said favours is not as simple as handing coin over to a shopkeeper and having them at your service. It takes care, tact, and dropping a great deal of hints. You spend time with various dwarves high up enough in circles to have the ear of those that matter, sharing a drink or two and speaking of the Sylvanian campaign; how it might be nice to have some sort of ornament to wear as a memento of those times, and of the great work you did with (and for) the dwarven Throng. There's no explicit acknowledgement, just a few deep, thoughtful nods, and just like that a nugget of information enters the collective knowledge of the assembled dwarves: the means to settle an outstanding debt. Somewhere, someone is having a quiet word with Kragg the Grim; he's ranking his level of disapproval and finding that he disapproves of the Dwarven Empire being in your debt more than he does crafting an item for a manling. Various dwarves are plucked from the gathered Throng, both of adventurers from Zhufbar and from the assembled dwarves from Karak Kadrin, and the events of the Sieges of the Drakenhofs nearly two years ago now are recounted in exhausting detail.

Somewhere, a stammering and overawed Barak Varr Runepriest surrenders his forge to a living legend, and Kragg the Grim sets to work settling a debt.


---

If one could even say there's such a thing as a 'conventional' dwarfhold, Barak Varr would be the opposite of it. Far from being isolated, conservative and dour, Barak Varr is full of life and activity and visitors from across the world. The vast harbours are full of ships, sleek Tilean galleys, vast Estalian galleons, proud Bretonnian corsairs, nimble Arabyan dhows and mighty Empire Wolfships, but outnumbering them is the mighty navy of the Dwarves. Driven by closely-guarded secrets of steam and smoke, they have no need of the sails or oars that feature on every human ship present, and they fill the space that is saved with armour and guns. The nimble monitors capable of patrolling the many rivers of the Border Princes region, the mighty ironclads that bristle with guns, and here and there, the dreadnoughts, so massive and costly that barely one is built a generation.

If those were not wonders enough, the markets of Barak Varr rival the harbour in grandeur and are greater even than those of Altdorf or Marienburg. You see barrels and mounds of spices that you've previously seen only in measures of pinches and pouches, entire bolts of precious silk stacked as haphazardly as if they were the most inferior wool, and under the careful watch of guards of a dozen nationalities or more, handfuls of precious stones glimmering brilliantly in the torchlight. Everywhere you look there are wonders, drawn in from every corner of the world, whether from long, gruelling oversea voyages that round entire continents, or from overland trips through territory held by greenskin and undead and other, even fouler threats. Hawkers not only sell their wares but actively recruit for the next voyage, and the crowds are made up as much of mercenaries looking for their fortunes as they are merchants looking to spend theirs. Dwarven moneychangers operate gadgets of intricate clockwork as they exchange one currency for another. Vast notice boards display the prices of goods in distant centers of trade, as well as how current the prices are; judging by how recent most of them are, they must have arrived by gyrocopter or some other, even more outlandish means.

It is into this swirling melee that you will throw yourself thrice over: once for Panoramia, once for yourself, and once for the Expedition.

---

If anything, Panoramia is more awestruck by the markets than you are; you have to guide her by the arm through the crowds as she gawks to keep her from being trampled underfoot by some vast cargo-beast you don't even have a name for.  You steer her into the spice section of the markets, and then through it to a smaller, much less prestigious one: that dedicated to other, non-edible plants. Here is the realm of those with big dreams that are so often disappointed, and you find yourself surrounded by flagging merchants trying desperately to convince anyone that will listen that this or that is the food crop that will revolutionize farming in the Old World. It's all so many poor, wilting examples of greenery to you, but Panoramia comes to life, and you're shown an entirely new side to her as she tears through the hopeful merchants like a buzzsaw. Some plants are dismissed at a glance, others are closely examined before being moved past, and a very few cause her to actually speak to the merchants trying to sell them. You've brought your purse and you doubt that a few seeds will set you back too much, but even that proves unnecessary as she negotiates a deal: the plant in question is magically revitalized and the merchant can start trying to sell their plant with actual documented evidence from the Jade College as to the positive effects of it, all for a few seeds that wouldn't have sprouted without her intervention anyway.

The first plant chosen for further examination is a sort of grass from distant Ind. The merchant calls it koo-sha grass, and claims that the natives of that place use it in religious rituals to achieve enlightenment; more of interest to you and Panoramia is that they apparently also use it to treat dysentery and influenza, and failing that it's also a rather hardy plant and quite edible for livestock. A neat piece of spellcraft later, a thriving example of the plant is sprouting out of a barrel half-filled with dirt and Panoramia has a small handful of seeds tucked into one of her glass phials.

The second is from slightly closer to home; the cone of a type of Estalian pine that, according to Panoramia, produces a sap that can be distilled into a sort of oil good for treating wounds and discouraging parasites. The merchant had been advertising the cone for its use in predicting the weather, claiming it would open when it will be dry and close when it will rain, so accepted a few silver coins for it before moving onto the next customer, unaware that he'd just practically given away a curative for an entire army.

No further wonders are to be found, and while it's slightly disappointing to not have found any rare and exotic wonders and instead come away with grass and a type of pine tree, Panoramia is quite happy to have some new plants to work with, and says that she might be able to unlock further effects with a little help from magic. And even if she doesn't, she says, dysentery and infection are terrible enemies of armies on the march, and having the tools to fight them both are not to be sneezed at.

[Plants and Seeds in the Markets of Barak Varr: 66, 52, 31.]
[First plant: Rolling for Origin: Ind]
[Second plant: Rolling for Origin: Old World]

---

The next day you brave the crowds alone, looking for nothing in particular. There are shiny and pretty and aromatic wonders everywhere you look; more difficult to find is something useful, or at least something especially distracting. You succeed.

The first strange wonder you find is a merchant selling a clutch of five eggs, each the size of a man's head. He claims they have been brought from distant Lustria, and that they contain terrible, wondrous beasts that will serve whoever hatches them. You doubt this, but the eggs are larger than any you've laid eyes upon and you do find curiosity burning inside of you at the sight of them. Even if the eggs were dead, whatever strange creature lay within would be worth dissecting for novelty value alone.

The second is allegedly from the terrible Land of Chill, Naggaroth, homeland of the Dark Elves - a small pile of pitted scales that are allegedly from a Helldrake that attacked a tradeship bound for Barak Varr and was driven off only at great cost in blood and cannonfire, leaving behind death, destruction, and a few fractured scales that fell from its body. Looking at the scales, each the size of a dinner plate, you can feel the truth of what he says - this came from a terrible creature indeed, and are still attuned to the magical energies that allows such enormous creatures to exist. Though you don't currently have the skills to match these materials, these could one day be part of a powerful and terrible enchantment.

The third is from very close to home: the dented and tarnished crown of a Border Prince, along with a deed on ancient parchment bequeathing a section of land somewhere in the anarchic region to the holder. Accompanying that is a short note from Barak Varr acknowledging the legitimacy of the claim, and another note acknowledging the legitimacy of the acknowledged legitimacy. Standing next to the merchant is an incredibly surly dwarf who says, before you even ask, that the scroll is genuine; since he's wearing the livery of Barak Varr in full sight of the market's guards without being put to some very serious questions, you're inclined to believe him. From what little you know of the region, the kingdom in question is likely to be the incredibly small, utterly poor, claimed by a dozen other Princes and hosting a greenskin infestation for good measure; but then, Princess would be such a nice title to add to your growing list, and it might unlock certain geopolitical options for you...

[Searching for whatever you might find: [HIDDEN], 56, 47.]
[First item: Rolling for Origin: Lustria]
[Second item: Rolling for Origin: Naggaroth]
[Third item: Rolling for Origin: Old World]

---

On the third day, it is the part of the market filled with recruiters and mercenaries that calls to you; you find an unclaimed section next to a thoroughfare and add your voice to the din. By mid-morning, you've accomplished nothing, being utterly untrained in the art of 'yelling very loudly at crowds' and apparently there's more to it than just doing exactly that. You lurk in the crowds, watching which of the criers attract the attention of the passers-by, and attempt to emulate them, but to no success; there's just too much noise and not enough of you. You consider magically amplifying your voice, but you've never had the need to achieve fine volume control with the Sound spell and now's probably not a good time to trial-and-error it.

By mid-afternoon, you've had more than enough of trying, and you slink off in a huff.

[Recruitment attempt: Diplomacy, 14+10=24, 22+10=32]

---

You've had your fill of the sights, sounds and smells of the market. You make your way out of Barak Varr and round the bulk of the mountain it is built onto until it evens into a steady slope, and you climb it. An hour later, you've reached a point giving a breathtaking view of the Black Gulf, with Barak Varr far below you, where a single tent is raised. And you stop mid-tread as an unmistakable set of sounds reach your ears, and turn and walk away with your cheeks burning. You'd heard rumours of that sort of thing among the more... earthy Colleges, and you suppose you are an uninvited guest in the piece of land they've claimed as camp, but honestly, it's the middle of the day!

A half hour of admiring the view about five minutes walk down the mountain, you make your way back up and find Esbern and Seija working on a fire, which thankfully isn't a euphemism - they've carved a piece of wood into shavings and are banging a flint and tinder together to shower sparks upon it. They greet you as you approach and you very firmly put the events of a half hour ago out of your mind as you unsling your pack, letting your passenger hop out and stretch his legs.

The two of them coo over your puppy, and ask you his name; you've been calling it Wolf for sentimental reasons, and they accept that as perfectly suitable. They examine him carefully as they feed him scraps of dried meat, and guess his age at about three months. About the age where he'd start joining his parents' hunts; in two weeks or so, he'll enter a stage of rapid growth, gaining over a pound of weight every week until about seven months of age, at which point he should be about seventy pounds in weight. After that, he'll enter the period of slow growth and gain about half a pound of weight per week, until reaching his full size of up to a hundred pounds at a year old. He's likely to be ravenously hungry the entire time, so it's just as well the army will have plenty of meat on hand to feed the even larger predators of the Knightly Orders.

They seem more than happy to help you with the training of your familiar; they say that eventually the bond between the two of you will grow to the point where training isn't needed for him to know what you want, but that point could be months or even years away and in the meantime it's a sensible precaution. It's agreed that once the march resumes, they'll be joining you every night after dinner to help teach your familiar basic commands.

---

As the week draws to a close, news filters through the crowds of the agreement struck between the two Kings. After much consulting of ancient maps, the location of a subterranean highway linking Death Pass and Blood River was rediscovered. The Barak Varr navy would secure Blood River up to where it met this highway, and the Expedition would secure the Highway itself from whatever menace currently calls it home. In this way, supply lines would be established that would not be threatened by the greenskin occupation of Black Crag or the innumerable tribes of the Badlands, and all the Expedition had to do to remain in contact with the world is to keep a stretch of Death Pass secure. And, perhaps more importantly, the greenskin stronghold of Black Crag that dominates the mouth of Death Pass - which, incidentally, was once the dwarfhold of Karak Drazh - could be bypassed entirely. All the Expedition had to do was march along the southern bank of the Blood River under the protective guns of Barak Varr's riverine navy, bridge a couple of tributaries, and build a dock in the shadow of Thunder Mountain.

It is as this news spreads and the Expedition regathers that you feel the unmistakable feeling of Ulgu sobbing quietly to itself, and you turn to see Kragg the Grim approaching you. "Hand," he barks, and you hold yours out and he drops what looks like a rope of chainmail into it. He nods the satisfied nod of someone who is finally done with a distasteful task, and turns and leaves without another word to you.

You examine the item, and find it to be a belt made of chainmail links of blackened steel, with a large buckle etched with a simple mountain; extremely common in Dwarven fashion, but you recognize it as the mountain that Castle Drakenhof was once built upon. And on the reverse, etched deep into the steel and filled back in with what could only be pure gromril, are three runes, and you can feel the power radiating off them.

When you look up again, a harried and awed looking dwarf with a pure-white beard that brushes the ground is standing there. "He didn't wish to linger to explain," he says numbly. "But nor did he want his work unappreciated. But though he allowed me to watch the entire way through, I barely understood a fraction of it."

He points to the first rune. "This, as I understand it, is a variation on the Spelleater Rune. When a hostile spell is targeted against you, it will not only counter it but also burn - literally burn - the knowledge of it from the mind of the caster. It will be dormant for twelve hours after each use."

He points to the second. "This appears to be based on the Master Rune of Spite, but somehow combined with the Rune of Fortitude. It will grant you the strength to withstand wounds, while returning twofold any strike against whoever dealt it to you."

And the third, the largest and most intricate of the three. "This one incorporates elements of both the Rune of the Furnace and the Rune that Valaya gave to us that allowed us to weather the coming of Chaos. It will grant you such resistance to flame that you could wade through lava, and burn off any taint of chaos before it could even touch you."





He stares at it in awe. "Thank you. Had you not performed a task worthy of such a gift, I would not have been able to witness its creation." He takes a deep breath and tears his eyes from it, and stumbles off back into the depths of Barak Varr.

You remove the simple cloth belt that has kept your robes fastened, and replace it with the metal of this belt. You feel the power in it thrum as you fasten it, flooding your body with a power unlike that you're so familiar with; this is power that has been brought to heel, tamed by the dwarven runes; its only character now is that which it has been given. You cautiously reach into the flames of a nearby torch, feeling the warmth of it but no more no matter how close your fingers dance to it; you decide that your Seed can heal you if this goes terribly and grasp the flaming torch by the end you normally shouldn't. The flames sputter around your hand, but you still feel no more than a pleasant warmth, and your skin remains unharmed.

---

The course of the Expedition has shifted; instead of going south along the Old Silk Road, you will be travelling south-east along the bank of the Blood River, named for how red it runs every time a greenskin Waagh emerges from the Badlands to crash against the realms of men. That path will take the Expedition through the territory of the Ironclaw Orcs - made famous by the terrible and cunning warboss Gorbad Ironclaw some eight hundred years ago, whose Waaagh utterly destroyed the province of Solland, burned Nuln to the ground, and besieged Altdorf, during which a wyvern smashed its way into the Palace and ate the reigning Emperor. Today they are merely a local threat rather than an existential one, but one that has never been entirely stamped out. From the former dwarfhold of Iron Rock, an aptly-named mountain made almost entirely of iron, they are all but immune from the retribution of man or dwarf.



Choose as many as you wish from the below; the THREE with the most votes will be Mathilde's actions for the coming week. Any purchases you make will not take actions.

Contributing to the Campaign:
[ ] Forces have been sent ahead to bridge the first inconvenient tributary of the Blood River; join them and aid in standing guard against any that may try to stop you.
[ ] Ulthar's Rangers and Petrescu's marksmen are ranging far to ensure that any greenskin that claps eyes on the Expedition don't live to tell the tale. Assist them.
[ ] If any resistance does start to gather, they will be smashed apart by the very heavy cavalry of the Knightly Orders. Stand ready with them.
[ ] Have Ulthar handpick his best sharpshooters to be equipped with envenomed bolts.


Spend time with the Council of War:
[ ] Thane Skaroki Grimbrow
[ ] Master Engineer Durin Wutokri
[ ] Grand Master Sigwald Kriegersen
[ ] Grand Master Ruprecht Wulfhart
[ ] Marksman Codrin Petrescu
[ ] Marshal Titus Muggins


Other Preparations:
[ ] You've heard that greatswords and greataxes are near identical in the way they're used, and you happen to be surrounded by experts in the art of the axe. Learn how to use one.


Spend time with your Journeymanlings:

Esbern and Seija of the Amber Order
[ ] Test their skills in battle.
[ ] Help Esbern teach Seija to Dispel.

Maximilian de Gaynesford of the Gold Order
[ ] Ask him to reforge your sword into a superior one.
[ ] Introduce him to the dwarven smiths so he can try to convince them to teach him.
[ ] Ask the smiths to teach him as a favour to you (-2 favours)
[ ] Ask him to teach Johann to Dispel.

Johann of the Gold Order
[ ] Help him find a place with the dwarf artillery crews so that he can supplement their abilities in combat.
[ ] Keep tabs on his interactions with the dwarves, making sure he's not fishing for information that the dwarves want to keep for themselves.

---

Purchases from Barak Varr
You currently have 556 gold coins.

[ ] Purchase the strange Lustrian eggs (200 gc).
[ ] Do not purchase the strange Lustrian eggs.

[ ] Purchase the Helldrake scales (100 gc).
[ ] Do not purchase the Helldrake scales.

[ ] Purchase the title of a Border Princess (300 gc).
[ ] Do not purchase the title of a Border Princess.
  </body>
</html>