<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 33 - 2486 - Karag Dum, We Are Coming</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 33 - 2486 - Karag Dum, We Are Coming</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[x] [TOWER] Greenhouse
[*] [LIBRARY] Chaos Dwarves: Extensive Imperial + Extensive and Esoteric Dwarven (300gc + 4DF), Chaos Sorcery: Extensive Imperial + Extensive Dwarven (200gc), Hobgoblin Khanates: Extensive Imperial + Extensive Dwarven (200gc)
[*] [COLLEGE] No purchase.
[*] [DWARF] No purchase.
[*] [PURCHASE] No purchase.



Unfortunately, you don't have the privilege of seeing the Council react to your new promotion. Among Dwarves the news of such things spread quietly behind the scenes so nobody inadvertently gives offence by addressing a newly-promoted craftsman by their former title, and everyone transitions seamlessly to referring to you by your new title, or at least various attempts at it. Khazalid doesn't have established labels for Wizards - not complimentary ones, anyway - so you find yourself referred to as everything from the relatively brief Dalokri to the intimidating mouthful Dalmhornzhufokralaki, which isn't precisely correct but you take the compliment in the spirit that was intended.

The beginning of the Council meeting is dedicated to touring the work of the Okral, which you suspect is being treated with a great deal more respect than would have been the case if their trip home had been uneventful. Karags Rhyn and Mhonar have been restored and dedicated to Valaya and Smednir respectively, and most of the Clans of Karak Eight Peaks are moving into them from Karag Lhune. It's far from necessary as Karag Lhune would only begin to approach cramped if every Dwarf, Halfling, and human in the Karak decided to live there, but it does mean that five of the Eight Peaks are at least partially populated. It's never a good idea to leave a vacuum in the mountains for too long, as there's a great deal of hostile beings that will eagerly fill it if given half a chance. Besides, the smelters and forges that have been established in Karag Mhonar are a big step on the way to the Karak being self-sufficient.

Also toured are the exterior Sentinels and Morzund's Wall, a series of walls and watchtowers that keep a wary eye on the gaps between the southern Karags where the terrain isn't quite difficult enough to fully dissuade a determined attacker on its own. The Western Gates are the final stop and certainly impress, as the towering stone edifice looks forbidding enough even before you factor in the cannon that line the battlements. Not toured, but definitely important, was the great deal of work put in to the tunnels below the Karak, mapping their extent, exterminating anything left in there that shouldn't be, and collapsing, filling, and barricading until what was left presented as defensable and patrollable an underground perimeter as possible.

"Time for settling in properly," Belegar says as you all make your way back from the Western Gates. "No doubt there'll be some sort of teething troubles as entire Clans move in to what will hopefully be their homes for the rest of time." Belegar grimaces. "I'd planned a celebration, but with the attack on the Okral it seems like it would be in poor taste. And speaking of which," he nods to you, "anything you can uncover before it's time for your Expedition will be of great help."

"I wish the timing was better," you say with a frown. "The attack, matters with Marienburg... I worry I'm going to come back to a war."

"If we waited for good times to get things done, we'd never do them," Belegar says, to nods of agreement from the other Dwarves. "Karag Dum called for help a hundred and eighty-five years ago, it's about time somebody answered."



Mandatory Actions: Pick one from each category.

Magister Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] MAX: Allow him to spend all his time on his metalworking studies.
[ ] MAX: Have him scour all the reference materials at his disposal for any other Dhar-radiating explosive, as well as how difficult it might be for non-Skaven to replicate their blackpowder. (NEW)
[ ] MAX: Allow him to spend all his time on his own preparations.
[ ] MAX: Have him train Hubert (optional: specify in what)
[ ] MAX: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] MAX: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Write a paper: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Receive dictation: specify which. Must be taken with a 'dictate' action.

Magister Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] JOHANN: Have him continue to teach Adela what he knows of engineering.
[ ] JOHANN: Have him investigate the metal evidence taken from the Skull River ambush. (NEW)
[ ] JOHANN: Allow him to spend all his time on his own preparations.
[ ] JOHANN: Have him train Hubert (optional: specify in what)
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Write a paper: specify which.

Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks
[ ] DUCK: Work with Panoramia to try to implement the Waaaghsoak Mushrooms as an aid to spellcasting.
[ ] DUCK: Panoramia's about ready to test for Magister, but she's putting it off because she doesn't have a lot of free time to prepare. Work with her to help make the most of every spare minute.
[ ] DUCK: Aid Hubert in his search for a Familiar.
[ ] DUCK: Attempt to recruit Gretel and the Besiegers for the Karag Dum Expedition.
[ ] DUCK: Attempt to recruit Adela and some human siege weapons and operators for the Karag Dum Expedition.
[ ] DUCK: Recruit Gretel and Adela for the Karag Dum Expedition.
[ ] DUCK: Each of your three ducklings can fight in melee. Spar with them, and teach them what you can.
[ ] DUCK: Study an artefact with one of the Journeymen: specify who and which.


The Eastern Imperial Company
Your share of EIC profits: 175 crowns / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Expansion along the Aver
EIC Handler: The Hochlander
[ ] EIC: Completely and over management of the EIC intelligence apparatus to the Hochlander. Will remove this section from future turns and regain the half-turn invested in it.
[ ] EIC: Have the Hochlander set up a shadow headquarters for the EIC in the Sunken Palace.
[ ] EIC: Have the Hochlander set up a shadow headquarters for the EIC in your fief.
[ ] EIC: Have the Hochlander investigate how feasible it would be for a non-Skaven to acquire warpstone-enhanced blackpowder. (NEW)
[ ] EIC: Suggest Eike spend a few weeks in Karak Eight Peaks, so she can grow familiar with Dwarves and their ways. (NEW)
[ ] EIC: Found an auditors division, to make sure the ledgers are in order.
[ ] EIC: Insert agents into a particular province, cult, company, or institution to start gathering their secrets. (specify who)
[ ] EIC: Reach out to Julia to find out if she's interested in being poached or passing on information.
[ ] EIC: Reach out to Roswita, and have the EIC start passing on tips about any tax evasion or other naughtiness by the EIC's rivals.
[ ] EIC: Expand the EIC's paramilitary river navy.
[ ] EIC: Improve the EIC's paramilitary river navy.
[ ] EIC: Sell some of the Grand Urbaz Bank coins to collectors and museums on King Belegar's behalf.
[ ] EIC: Have a blackpowder factory built in Wurtbad. (NEW)
[ ] EIC: Have the EIC keep tabs on mercenaries so that they can be more easily hired if needed.


Personal Actions: you have TWO actions you can apply without engaging in overwork.
Current overwork status: [+] [ ] [ ]
Each box will be filled by one action of overwork, and will take the two turns after that to fade as you recover. The first box incurs no penalty. The second will give a -10 penalty to all actions during the first turn of recovery. The third will give a -20 penalty to all actions on both turns of recovery.
Overwork incurs no penalties on the turns taken, only on the turns recovering from it. You can take as many actions of overwork as you have unfilled boxes.
When you use overwork it fills the left-most empty box, so [-][ ][ ] becomes [-][+][ ], not [+][-][ ]. All boxes recover in parallel and independent from one another, but second and third apply maluses on your actions during that cooldown period.


Current Task: Karag Dum Expedition preparations
[ ] Join the Karag Dum Expedition in Praag, rather than at High Pass. (NEW)
[ ] Seek out merchants who have travelled the Skull Road to learn what they know of it.
[ ] Trawl around the bars and brothels of Tilea, looking to talk to the actual mercenaries that have walked either the Skull Road, or the Great Steppes.
[ ] Attempt to recruit assistance for the Karag Dum Expedition. (specify the individual, mercenary group, cult, College, or other; two choices per AP spent)
[ ] With the help of a gyrocarriage, personally scout part of the route (specify: High Pass, Road of Skulls, Western Great Steppes, Karag Dum vicinity)
[ ] Attempt to learn the Greenskin tongue to communicate with the Hobgoblin Khanates of the Steppes.
[ ] Attempt to learn Kurgan to communicate with the Kurgan of the Steppes.
[ ] Learn what you can of dealing with the Hobgoblin Khanates of the Steppes.
[ ] Learn what you can of dealing with the Kurgan of the Steppes.



Spoiler: Qrech



Qrech
[ ] Despite him considering it treasonous, push Qrech to share the Moulder dialect of Queekish.
[ ] Despite him considering it blasphemous, push Qrech to share High Queekish.

Qrech Gambits (can be taken for free alongside a Qrech option):
[ ] Convince Qrech that you seek an arrangement with Clan Moulder, and that you will release him as an ambassador for that arrangement once you are satisfied he'll cooperate.
[ ] Convince Qrech that the Under-Empire has no way of knowing he's even alive, and that he should prioritize the comfort with which he will live the rest of his life.
[ ] Convince Qrech you're ambitious and loyal only to yourself, and you're willing to repay his cooperation in ways that will benefit the Under-Empire.
[ ] Other (write in)



Self-Improvement:
[ ] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
[ ] Attempt to learn a spell from scrolls (specify which, will be harder than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Hire a trainer to come to Eight Peaks and teach you: specify what. (costs favours for Dwarf or College trainers, money for human ones)
[ ] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)
[ ] Attempt to learn Battle Magic at the Grey College. (1 College Favour per attempt)
[ ] Gain enough control of your unruly shadow to still it temporarily.
[ ] Gain enough control of your attraction to smoke and gases to have it collect away from your face.
[ ] Try to see through Pall of Darkness with your improved magical senses.
[ ] Practice shooting while invisible. (applies to Substance of Shadow and Invisibility)
[ ] Branulhune's ability to disappear and reappear at a thought allows entirely new forms of combat. Continue to work on them. (NEW-ish)
[ ] Have one of Prince Gotri's pilots teach you to fly a gyrocopter.
[ ] Attempt to finish off the Grey College spellbook by learning Shadow of Death, Cloak Activity, and the MAPP.

Research and Publishing:
[ ] Study an artefact: select which.
[ ] Write a paper: select which.
[ ] Write something else: write in.
Once per turn, you can write a paper or write a 'something else' without spending an action thanks to your Tower of Serenity.
[ ] Dictate papers: select which two, must be taken with Max's 'receive dictation'.
[ ] Investigate the possibility of using one Wind to directly manipulate another.
[ ] The Second Secret of Dhar teaches how to collapse it upon itself. Practice upon local Dhar taint, and very cautiously see if this works with Warpstone.
[ ] Try to establish a relationship with the Cult of Verena, with the intent of offering them access to your rarer tomes in exchange for copies of some of their own.

Aethyric Vitae (13 gallons):
[ ] Experiment with integrating the Vitae into enchantments.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts with Divine Magic.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to a power stone.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to being subjected to power stone creation methods.
[ ] Using the secrets you already know of the Vitae, attempt to weaponize it.

Enchantment and Spell Creation:
[ ] Enchant an item with a Fiendishly Complex or easier spell (specify what and which)
[ ] Attempt to enchant an object to translate Windsight into a visual image.
[ ] Attempt to deepen your skill with Enchantment (will be more difficult than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Attempt to complete your 'Fog Path' spell (NEW-ish)
[ ] Attempt to create a spell (see Approved Spells threadmark)
[ ] Attempt to capture an Apparition (optional: specify which)
[ ] Turn a staff from mundane materials.
[ ] Turn a staff from the horn of a Storm Dragon.

Karag Nar Penthouse: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category. Additional selections cost actions.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have additional rooms excavated underneath your Penthouse: -150gc for 6 rooms.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Add security measures to your Penthouse to prevent forcible entry.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have firing platforms built around the Penthouse so that it can be defended from flyers or climbers without granting access to it.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Add preservation Runes to your library: -4 Dwarf Favour, can be paid for with book budget DF for next two purchase periods.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: No additional construction.
Setting up rooms for specific purposes will have to wait until new rooms are constructed or excavated. Only one construction or excavation can take place at a time, but you can do one of each.
Building downwards will increase by 1 each time; second set of excavated rooms will be 3 rooms, third will be 4, and so on.
Building upwards can be added upon; towers can be added on to or additional towers can be built. The distinction between the two is entirely cosmetic.

Foreign Relations:
[ ] Involve yourself in the Sylvanian campaign (specify how)
[ ] Involve yourself in the Marienburg affair (specify how)
[ ] Involve yourself in the Black Waters project (specify how)

Personal Relations:
[ ] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: specify who and how.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is fully grown, very smart, and a Very Good Boy. Train him further. (specify what he will be taught)
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and very magical. Deepen your familiar bond. (may unlock a new familiar ability; risks obsession)


Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: specify how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so. Rule of thumb: if you have to explain why this might apply, it probably doesn't.




Spoiler: Accumulated Artefacts



Ranald's Coin (note from Ranald: don't)
Vampire skulls
Branulhune - investigate the odd flash when it is desummoned underwater





Spoiler: Potential Papers



Note: Fresh and Refreshed papers confer a +10 bonus; faded ones a -10 malus.
Papers get one step less 'fresh' each turn: Fresh; Fading; Mostly Faded: Faded. Only the first and last have an effect on the diceroll.

Comprehensive notes on possible terrain obstacles (FRESH)

Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition. (FADED)
The Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual. (FADED)

Preliminary paper on Aethyric Vitae. (TIMELESS)
Coins of Nehekhara's Fifth Dynasty (TIMELESS)


You can literally write the book on a topic for the same amount of effort as two papers; this can be split over multiple turns. You don't need to have all the pieces to do so, but it would be more efficient and impressive if you did.
The Currency of Strygos
The Currency of Tylos
Coins of Nehekhara's Fourth Dynasty
Coins of Nehekhara's Sixth Dynasty





- There will be a two hour moratorium
- This turn has two less personal actions and no Serenity action, due to Mathilde leaving for the Karag Dum Expedition partway through it.
- If the Coin is set to the Protector, it will cover the actions Mathilde undertook during the Ambush on Skull River.
- For this turn and this turn only, I am allowing a conditional in the form of 'if we fail to complete X, use overwork to try again'.
- Any negative effects from Overwork taken during this turn will not begin until next turn.
- This concludes my three-month rendition of Immigrant Song in the threadmark names.




Spoiler: Word Nerding



Let's conjugate 'ok':

Ok - cunning or skilfull
Okri - Craftsman
Okrak - the craft itself
Okrul - craftsmanship
Okral - Group of craftsman, Guild (informal)
Okralaz - Guild (formal, usually only applied to respected Dwarven Guilds)
Okrali - Guild member in good standing
Okrit - Apprentice
Okreni - Journeyman
Okrari - Master ('Okri' is often used instead, 'Okrari' is only needed when specifically referring to the rank)
Dalokri - Grandmaster (informal)
Dalokruli - Grandmaster (formal)
Dalokrali - Grandmaster in good standing with a guild
Dalokraki - Grandmaster of exceptional skill
Dalokralaki - Foremost Grandmaster in a specific guild
Dalokralazi - Leader of a specific guild
Dalokraz - something very well-made
Dalokrulaz - something made by a Grandmaster
Dalokrulakaz - greatest pinnacle of a particular craft in the current era
Dalokralakaz - most impressive work created by a specific guild in the current era
Dalokrulakaz-ha - greatest pinnacle of a particular craft era, usually reserved for the works of the Ancestor Gods
Dalokrulakazi-ha - greatest ever craftsman of their type, usually reserved for the Ancestor Gods.

Words to specify the specific craft go before the 'ok'. Eg: Grungokri = miner, wutokri = carpenter, zhufokri = Wizard, mhornzhufokri = Grey Wizard.

Dalmhornzhufokralaki = Foremost Grey Wizard Lord of their Guild, applied to Mathilde due to a lack of understanding of the internal structure of the Colleges and how the K8P Wizards fit into them.



  </body>
</html>