<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>020.M42 Through 025.M42 Interlude: The Fate Of Beasts Is To Be Hunted</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>020.M42 Through 025.M42 Interlude: The Fate Of Beasts Is To Be Hunted</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>020.M42 Through 025.M42 Interlude: The Fate Of Beasts Is To Be Hunted</b>​</div> <br/>
In the void, a space marine screamed.<br/>
<br/>
“There…is…,” the Chaplain Guelph gurgled out from where he lay, chained upon the top of the sarcophagus and unable to move a muscle. “Still time to stop this…Ciacco.”<br/>
<br/>
A lie.<br/>
<br/>
Over a dozen of their eldest, some captains, others sergeants, snuffled and gnawed at his gaping wounds, tearing bits and pieces out at random from his still living body. Blood and meat caked their haphazardly sharpened teeth, cut into sharp triangles with their own combat knives as their minds descended into the murky depths of animals. Throughout it all, the Guelph’s pained gasps could be heard through his grit teeth while he gazed at the Chapter Master who stood above them all, slowly crunching through a human leg with a maw that had twisted and bulged with mutation. The sigil of the Chapter had been carved into his chest as the body of the formerly pure astartes had swollen larger than even terminator armor could cover, one of his arms grown so massive forward to rest on the knuckles while the other remained smaller.<br/>
<br/>
“No…Chaplain,” Ciacco growled, a foot-long tongue licking across the hundreds of small sharpened teeth which poked out through his own cheeks and chin and bleeding itself in turn. “It is too late. It was always too late.”<br/>
<br/>
“In the name of the Emperor, <i>please</i>,” Guelph hissed in pain as one of his most beloved brothers, Captain Ghibelli, howled to the air before ripping off a massive chunk of flesh from one of his thighs and swallowing it whole and then latching his mouth to the wound to suck down the blood which wept from it.<br/>
<br/>
“Nnnno!” Ciacco roared, slamming his oversized arm’s fist into the wall plating, crumpling it with his mutant strength. “No Emperor. Hhheee died for Him….and nnnooow,” his words slurred as he shambled closer, “We wiiiillll <i>live</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
“As monsters,” Guelph whispered, “As beasts.”<br/>
<br/>
“We are nnnoooot monters!” Ciacco growled, barreling forward and sending his former brothers scattering in a host of growls and whimpers as they were either knocked to the side of crawled away on all fours. “Weee….are…asstarteeeees.”<br/>
<br/>
With a grunt, he pointed towards his own face with his un-mutated arm, and thrust it towards Guelph.<br/>
<br/>
“I…doooon’t drink or eat of you,” he struggled to speak, a long tooth suddenly growing and spearing through his lower jaw to let blackening blood drip to the floor. “AND LOOK WHAT I HAVE BECOME!”<br/>
<br/>
What had once been the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Captain leapt forward, mewling as it lapped at the pool, boney growths spilling out of its back to punch through the broken remains of its ceramite armor.<br/>
<br/>
“We…<i>needed</i>…sacred…flesh!” Ciacco grunted, tongue running again along his hundreds of outer teeth, hungrily staring down at the dozens of gnawed wounds on the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Chaplain’s body. “Neeeeed….pure….blood!”<br/>
<br/>
“You <i>murdered</i> a convent of Imperial citizens and sororitas,” Guelph snarled back, struggling to rise despite the consuming of too many tendons to allow his body to shift much more than an inch, “You have eaten a third of the chapter <i>within</i> yourself!”<br/>
<br/>
The Chapter Master screamed, then, and reached down to rip and twist off Guelph’s left leg in one movement, before stabbing the entire limb into his gullet without pause.<br/>
<br/>
“They….turned….to CHAOS!!” Ciacco boomed, his slurring gone for that one instant, the hungry fog in his eyes clearing ever so slightly. “We need to purge them...”<br/>
<br/>
“And then you ate their flesh!”<br/>
<br/>
“We were already turning!”<br/>
<br/>
By now, the scattered remains of the chapter leadership had begun to creep closer, their endless hunger for flesh and blood sublimating even the primitive remembrance of animals for the presence of their leader. Ciacco turned and growled, picking up what had once been an apothecary and throwing him bodily out of the entire chamber, thumping the giant fist against his chest for emphasis. The rest of the mutated things squealed and ran, fear and power once more enforcing themselves upon their broken psyches.<br/>
<br/>
“We…,” Ciacco groaned, falling to one knee as a massive spike of red bone tore its way out of the shoulder of his mutated arm, dripping blood the color of obsidian. “We were already turning, chaplain. The gene-seed, mutating more and more with each generation of our neophytes…,” his voice came on steady now, calm, as the flesh of Guelph was digested more fully. “And with half of the Chapter falling to the Black Rage and to Chaos…,”<br/>
<br/>
“You let the Red Thirst take control of you all,” Guelph coughed. “We are doomed. We are fallen. Our forefathers grow strong once more. So many of our brothers do…but not so…not for the Flesh Eaters.”<br/>
<br/>
“No…no!” Ciacco hissed, rising once more to his feet, “We can. We can! As…as long as we can keep our minds, continue to consume purity and restore ourselves, we can fight for the Emperor still!”<br/>
<br/>
Guelph turned his head to look his Chapter Master in the eye that remained un-mutated and slit as a beast’s. <br/>
<br/>
“Sanguinius would be ashamed of you.”<br/>
<br/>
For some, the Black Rage can come over course of hours. It can be fought for days, or even months. In some rare cases, the Black Rage consumes one over the course of entire decades. But often, it is as simple as one blink to the next, where once stood a proud son of Sanguinius and the Emperor is a hate-fueled monster that has become forever subsumed by the psychic echoes of their Primarch’s murder. All that is, all that will be, is become Horus, and they are filled with the immortal hatred which blazed in the heart of their gene-father before his murder. Yet for all that it was so utterly destructive, and had driven so many to death, destruction, and damnation, the Red Thirst was its own challenge to conquer. The desire to consume the flesh, to drink the blood of the foe, could so easily grow stronger and stronger until it could overwhelm the will of the astartes who suffered from it. A natural and even deadly weapon of utility for the arsenal of a space marine could become an all-consuming drive which overwhelmed all else.<br/>
<br/>
In some cases, both could affect a marine totally, completely, and unstoppably in one single crystallized instant.<br/>
<br/>
Chapter Master Ciaccio would never wake from his twinned monstrous flaws, one that had been surrendered to and the other barely fought off for weeks as the battered Chapter Fleet of the Flesh Eaters floated through the void endlessly. Deemed <i>Excommunicate Traitoris</i> as the flaws of their line had grown stronger and stronger with their forces growing visibly more mutated as the fighting went on before it culminated in their attacking their own allies in madness, they had fled away from the reaches of the Imperium. Some, surrendered to despair, chose to fall into the embrace of Chaos that promised some form of survival beyond the mindless existence of the Death Company. Others did not, believing that they could still serve the Emperor despite their constantly worsening state. None would know of the civil war which occurred amongst the chapter’s leadership. It did not matter.<br/>
<br/>
For they had become prey in and of themselves, hunted by those who were willingly watching for just such opportunities for themselves. For in truth, the sons of Sanguinius grew stronger and weaker in equal measure, the Blood Angels and Flesh Tearers growing in number once more, others such as the Flesh Eaters and Knights of Blood fell to ever more mutations and flaws in their gene-seed. It was these that had become prey, become targets, for where they would fail, others would make use of their fall. It was a grim thing, to be certain, but one that occurred nonetheless. Where blazing hatred and fury destroyed a chapter, wintery pragmatism and a cold anger drove another to make use of it.<br/>
<br/>
When the Space Wolves arrived, just beyond the reach of the Astronomicon where the Flesh Eaters had fled after the declarations of the Inquisition and the High Lords, they said nothing. There were no broadcasts for surrender, nor of announcing their assault. It was not as if there were servitors or serfs remaining alive and uneaten for them to have communicated with in the first place. Within the gore-soaked hallways of the Flesh Eaters’ fleet, the animals they had become were hunted down, including the hulking monstrosity that had been their Chapter Master, hewn in half and then quarters by the axe morkai as he ate the last scraps of flesh and pure gene-seed of the last chaplain left alive in the chapter.<br/>
<br/>
The Rune Priests came, old and new, and they cleansed what they could and destroyed what they could not. Blood claws were set to cleansing the ships, menial work in action but the message undeniable – for weeks they were forced to observe the truth of becoming but beasts and animals, of what desire for blood and what uncontrolled savagery had wrought. Weapon systems were checked, new serfs and blood claws installed in newly repaired bridges and ship stations, and Iron Priests and their own new apprentices grown of the Wolf Wombs strode forth to examine, study, and repair what they could.<br/>
<br/>
As he stood upon the bridge of one of the two battle barges that the Flesh Eaters had possessed – the other too slaked in Chaotic taint to be usable – he barely moved as one of the last old Wolf Lords approached. There were no feasts, now, no grand drinking contests, no songs to be sung. All that had once run hot and fresh and freely in their hearts had become as the lost glaciers of Fenris, now, their minds and wishes colder still.<br/>
<br/>
“Great Wolf.”<br/>
<br/>
“Krakendoom.”<br/>
<br/>
The last great son of the oceans of Fenris silently handed Logan a dataslate, which he scanned briefly.<br/>
<br/>
“The ‘Relictors’?”<br/>
<br/>
“Formerly known as the Fire Claws. They became obsessed with possessing artifacts and weapons of Chaos, believing they could turn them against the forces of the warp.”<br/>
<br/>
“Foolish,” Logan murmured, watching as the rest of the fleet slowly assembled around their newly captured vessels.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes. Their Chapter Master was consumed from within, releasing a Bloodthirster unto the Cadian System’s defenders and obliterating a critically important defensive structure at one of newly reclaimed fortress-cities. The rest refused to hand over the rest of their misbegotten relics, and fled.”<br/>
<br/>
Logan hummed, leaning forwards slightly to rest his hands upon the console before him.<br/>
<br/>
“Towards the Eye?”<br/>
<br/>
“Initially, yes. They diverted their course upon the arrival of a great fleet of necron vessels.”<br/>
<br/>
At that, the Great Wolf turned.<br/>
<br/>
“Those which stole the Blackstone Fortresses under Abbadon’s yoke?”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. Now they were last sighted fleeing into the Ultima Segmentum…near our position, in fact. The Inquisition’s latest attempt to destroy them has left them with but one battle barge and a handful of strike cruisers left.”<br/>
<br/>
It was more than enough to convince him.<br/>
<br/>
“We make ready. They have been declared <i>Excommunicate Traitoris</i>…and we are yet still the sons of the Emperor’s Executioner.”<br/>
<br/>
That what ships they might possess that could be claimed which were not tainted was, by now, a given. That they had done so now and would again, hunting and searching as the wolves they were before killing and claiming what they could, whilst guided by the Rune Priests was a given. It was, in fact, one of the reasons that Engir remained Logan’s most stalwart supporter, for it was in these dark days that the raiding and naval hunting prowess of his people that had proven most valuable and most oft-used. Skills that needed much honing, Engir insisted, for when they inevitably came to hunt their ultimate foe. Only a few wondered if that was in truth the Planet of Sorcerers…or the Rock of the Dark Angels, and none could say for sure.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Great Wolf.”<br/>
<br/>
And the Rout hunted on.</div>
  </body>
</html>