<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 4</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Opportune
There are individuals and organizations within Kislev you would benefit from a closer relationship with, and this presents an opportunity to forge those relationships. Offer your services to Kislev in restoring order to the region.

Tally



There was a knock on the door, and a familiar voice reached Captain Loza. "Kovnik?"

"Yes, Bedrich?" Captain Loza replied, not looking up from his paperwork. Bedrich was the kind of underling he prized above all others: large, strong, and dim, but the kind of dim who knew they were dim, and so could be counted on to follow the instructions they are given exactly and to come and get him when they were confused by something. In his experience, a steady stream of small concerns from a self-aware idiot was much better than an occasional complete disaster that could only come from a slightly clever person who thought they were a very clever person.

"There is a professor from a school in Alt-dorf here, but their papers do not look like what the book says Alt-dorf school papers are supposed to look like."

"Have you arrested them?"

"They also say they are a noble, and their bodyguard has metal claws."

Loza looked up at that, frowning. If the bodyguard was a mutant Bedrich would already have called in reinforcements, so he must mean... "Oh, Indic fist-knives. Some Imperinyi druzhina with an exotic bodyguard, who thinks they are too important to have proper papers?" Loza rose from his seat, grinning at the opportunity to ruin the day of some petty foreign noble.

---

You'd expected it to take some time crossing the border into Kislev. Though you've been to Kislev multiple times before, this time you do so as a passenger of the Fortenhaf ferry arriving at the docks of Rakhov, rather than flying far above in a gyrocarriage or crossing as part of a Dwarven steam-wagon convoy. As such you are subject to the border bureaucracy of Kislev. The letters patent of the Colleges seemed to confuse the border guard you presented then to, and you did your best to explain it to him as best you can through his very shaky grasp of Reikspiel and your very modest smattering of Kislevarin.

You'd expected him to finally reach his limit and escalate the matter to a superior; you'd not expected said superior to arrive with a look of eager anticipation, nor for said expression to shift to shock and alarm as soon as he set eyes on the two of you, before settling into a mask of professionalism. You explain the matter all over again, and the Kovnik studied your papers closely before disappearing.

"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Johann asks again. "I could head back to Tor Lithanel if this is about me."

"It isn't. I know everyone says Kislev has a problem with male Wizards, but it's a bit more complicated than that. The Ice Witches have a major problem with anyone male trying to use Ice Magic, so they only recruit women, and any men of Kislev who can't or won't stop trying to use magic are killed or banished or Pacified. But one look at you would be enough to tell any magic user that you're as spoken for as any Wizard could possibly be. And besides, the Ice Witches are out of favour at the moment, so they wouldn't be dictating border policies."

"So what's the problem, then?"

"It's possible they've literally never had a Wizard try to cross the border here. Most Empire visitors to Kislev would go through Erengrad or just get a ferry right up the Urskoy. Even from Bechafen it would be quicker and easier to get a ferry to Zavstra. The only reason we're here instead of one of those is we started from Gerdouen."

He still looks troubled, but doesn't object further. "So what's our plan?"

"I'm still deciding that. This is an opportunity to make friends, but who with? The first possibility is the Tsarevich, who wanted to host the Waystone Project in the first place because he didn't think he'd see any benefits from it unless he did so. This could be a way to demonstrate that I'd be a good friend for him to have even if I wasn't living in his back pocket.

"Second is the Ice Witches. They're on the outs with the Tzar, but the Boyars still hold them in high esteem, which means that they'd be the ones the local Boyar would be relying on to make sense of the troubles in the Shirokij Forest. I've worked with them before, and I've been thinking of trying to bring them into the Waystone Project.

"Third is the local leaders of the settlements actually within the Shirokij. Even more than most Kislevite stanitsas, the forest stanitsas are very reliant on Hag Witches to placate the local spirits, and they're right in the middle of all of this. Hag Witches are said to know a great deal about pacifying the spirits of the land and cleansing the taint of Chaos. If that involves Waystones, great, and if it doesn't, then they're somehow able to do the same thing that Waystones do."

"Wouldn't it make the most sense to go right to the top? Better the Emperor as your friend than some local baron, right?"

"In theory yes, but in Kislev City, the Shirokij trouble would just be one more regional concern among dozens, so it'd only make sense to go there if my objective is to get close to the Tsarevich himself. The Boyar of Rakhov would be a lot more concerned with the Shirokij he lives on the outskirts of than Kislev City would be, so working with him would give me a lot more sway with the Ice Witches than the Tsarevich would. And the atamans within the Shirokij could very easily be facing an existential threat, so I'd be able to win a lot of gratitude from the local Hag Witches if I help them ride this out. So it comes down to who would be the most useful to me, rather than simply who's got the biggest title."

You and Johann debate the issue for a while, and by the time the Kovnik returns you've settled on an answer. He is carrying a dusty and yellowed piece of parchment to compare against your papers, and spends quite some time in quiet scrutiny. "Your papers are in order," he eventually says, sounding half relieved, half disappointed. "Where are you traveling to from here, and what is your business there?"


[ ] Tsarevich Boris Bokha
You are travelling to Kislev City to offer your services to the Tsarevich himself.
[ ] Ice Witches
You are staying right here in Rakhov, to offer your services to the local Boyar and to work alongside the Ice Witches.
[ ] Hag Witches
You are travelling deeper into the Shirokij Forest, to offer your services to the local atamans and their resident Hag Witches.


- There will be a one hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>