<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Nine)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Nine)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Side Drop: Crash the shipyard atop one of the lesser forge-hives, and by doing so aim for the defense lasers. Perhaps, if successful, it could create an opening in the anti-orbital grid that would allow for proper landings, and thus ensuring the Imperial Guard can join in on the fight, if that is the path chosen.<br/>
[] Land On Opus Maxima: If the Dark Mechanicus is able to maintain supply lines through esoteric means or the like, they could continue to supply the rest of the Chaos forces in the system. Or they may reveal some abominations of technology that could prove too great of a threat to ignore. The die is cast, Opus Maxima must burn.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b><br/>
<br/>​</div>The difficulty was that none of the Dark Mechanicus holdings appeared wholly congruent to true Mechanicus counterparts. Perhaps that was the point of it, or perhaps they retained the same auspex baffling scrap code technologies that the ships had possessed. Tarkus personally felt that it was likely both, as well as some third and possibly even fourth attribute that was the reason for their inability to choose a most tactically prudent target. It was the way of Chaos, to mislead and obscure to protect itself. But he did not care, in the end, and instead elected to pick the swiftest target that the shipyard was closest to, as to ensure that as much of the enormous edifice of accursed artifice could strike the ground as possible. No doubt the moment it began moving again, the shipyards dark masters would eventually begin firing on it to reduce the effective damage it could deal. But perhaps not too early. Corrupted or not, they claimed to be tech-priests, after all.<br/>
<br/>
“Target locked. Everyone, prepare for teleport back onto our vessels,” Tarkus announced before looking at the tech-priests. “Can you do anything to accelerate the descent? Make it hit even harder upon this target?”<br/>
<br/>
The assembled tech-priests did not look well. Many of them had not necessarily been prepared for the sheer tempo of war that space marines lived within, and it showed upon their haggard frames. Some of them had been terribly affected by connecting into the tainted noosphere of the area, and wept oil and blood from various ports on their bodies. Still, some of them raised their heads, and of them all the one that still retained a biological eye looked to have gained a bit of fire back in it. They barked out something in lingua-technis to its companions. Some of the tech-priests shuffled slightly over to the consoles.<br/>
<br/>
“We may try, Captain,” one declared.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Omnissiah Willing: 43 vs. 20</b><br/>
<br/>
All who still walked upon the station felt it as its descent rapidly accelerated, a thunderous whine coming from its suddenly redirected gravimetric drives and maneuvering thrusters. Tarkus focused more on the triumphant blat of noise that erupted from many vocoders.<br/>
<br/>
“We must evacuate immediately,” the tech-priest with the one organic eye proclaimed frantically. “Void shields will re-activate in thirty seconds!”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well,” Tarkus nodded. “Attention all ships, prepare for shipyard descent on the designated forge-hive! Prepare for immediate hostile landing procedures!”<br/>
<br/>
A new buzz filled the air as the teleportariums on the strike cruisers activated once again.<br/>
<br/>
“Emperor, protect us as we travel through the blasted realm,” the Captain muttered to himself.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Teleport In Hostile Warp Environment: 65 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
It was only ever a brief thing, teleporting. But daemons needed only a second, in truth. Tarkus felt reality split open and shift, the laws of physics briefly ceasing to touch his body. He heard the howling beyond keenly as they shifted through the Warp, before suddenly gravity was real again and the screams dissipated. With a grunt and thump, he landed on one knee as he came crashing back upon the teleportarium platform. Around him, the few remaining combat capable Blood Ravens did the same in various states of stability. Nearby, on another platform, the three dreadnoughts of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company emerged from the Warp with a great many new scars still steaming and hissing on their frames, wounds garnered during that brief not-second between reality.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Thule, are you well?” Tarkus called out in concern.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>The rage of daemons are nothing before us,</b>” the entombed Captain declared, swiveling slightly on his hip joints to look over at him. “<b>But our hulls do require repair, and I..,”</b> the dreadnought lifted the still sparking connector where his fist had been obliterated, <b>“Require a replacement fist. We shall be repaired in time for battle on the surface if the servitors are fast enough. What of you?”</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus glanced around. Not a single marine bore wargear unmarred by the fighting. Some were worse off than others. His company had been grievously depleted. They had slain a great many more of their number in chaos space marines, in traitors, in hereteks, and abominations. But there was yet much more fighting to be done. Many of his marines were too injured to return to the fighting just yet.<br/>
<br/>
“Apothecary Medici?” He said instead on the command vox. “What is the status of our brothers?”<br/>
<br/>
“Those that live might continue to do so,” the apothecary replied through gritted teeth. “Chapter Master Angelos’ repairs are proceeding apace, his organic components are mostly healed. Next time, bring a tech-marine along,” he added waspishly.<br/>
<br/>
“Medici!” Tarkus barked, his tone stern. “Contain yourself.”<br/>
<br/>
Instead, the apothecary outright snarled over the vox, each word of his reply bitten on the way out of his mouth.<br/>
<br/>
“I am up to my arms, <i>alone</i>, in dead and dying brothers because we were so arrogant as to not request a single tech-marine or additional apothecary, let alone any other additional brothers. Falkor is <i>dead</i>!” Medici outright shouted over the vox. “I will make penance later, but for now do not bother calling upon me until I have preserved who and what I can!”<br/>
<br/>
With that, the vox was shut off, Tarkus briefly squeezing his eyes shut in consternation as he sighed.<br/>
<br/>
“Prepare for landfall on the surface,” he grunted as he got moving, “Resupply and see to your wargear as best you are able beforehand, meet in Hangar Primus-4.”<br/>
<br/>
There was no time for self-recrimination.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================​</div><br/>
The shipyard over Opus Maxima had been given a name by its masters.<br/>
<br/>
That sort of designation no longer mattered, now.<br/>
<br/>
What mattered was that an utterly massive construct of adamantium, steel, oils, and reactor cores was racing beyond terminal velocity at one of the eight secondary forge-hives of the planet. It had been built to service an entire fleet at a time, ranging from escort ships to the behemothic vessels of battleships and battle barges, all at once. It was even able to service the ships of xenos, and was indeed the largest of its kind in the entire system as befitting its masters. Now it was crashing to earth, surrounded in a vast and blinding sheet of red and white fires as it shot down through the atmosphere. The strike cruisers shoot upwards at full speed with power directed to their aft shields, wobbling only slightly as the first few cursory strikes from the defense lasers struck them the moment they left the edges of the shipyard itself.<br/>
<br/>
At first, the Dark Mechanicus rejoiced at the chance to reclaim what was theirs. The Chaos Lord had severed their ability to command it from below, and so they had marshalled a significant portion of their legions to reclaim it. But now it was falling again, and far faster than before.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Crashdown: 100 vs. 33<br/>
Mortirex: 9</b><br/>
<br/>
One third of the assembled skitarii legions of the forge-hives, hastily and frantically assembling with mad mechanical precision into waiting shuttles and strike craft, ceased to be as the shipyard flew through the cloud of ships that had previously been straining to reach it. Others were just barely able to swerve out of the way, to accelerate horizontally rather than be swatted, crushed, or burnt to cinders by the intense heat surrounding the station as it descended. What had once been a distant but proud symbol of their mastery of technology was now falling upon the planet as if it were the fist of the Omnissiah Itself, coming to punish the hereteks. Immediately after passing through the fleet of ships that had been sent to reclaim it, the defense lasers opened up, hesitation only lasting so long as it descended further and further. Void shields sparked and bloomed into visible life, the artifice of the Dark Mechanicus proving proof…against the artifice of the Dark Mechanicus. Missiles flew, ballistic cannons that would not have been out of place on a titan’s frame boomed.<br/>
<br/>
It was not enough.<br/>
<br/>
Coming in from the far east at low angles, the troop ships of the Imperial Guard had descended almost as rapidly as the station, but just expertly so that the defenses of the enemy were wholly consumed with what was coming. They had come together, concentrating power on shields and engines, temporarily pulling from what few weapons they possessed and even life support to ensure as total a protection as they could temporarily maintain. Even so, these venerable ships that had served as arks of war for so long were buffeted insanely as the shipyard finally impacted. It had not broken up into pieces, an avalanche from the heavens, but rather struck as a single concentrated object with only a modicum of lost debris.<br/>
<br/>
The forge-hive’s void shields did not even properly pop, but rather bent, snapped, and erupted as the generators which created them blew up as their capacity was violently overloaded beyond their limits. Hive spirals and smoke stacks shattered into fragments, metals were superheated into melting and in some cases into metallic vapor as the heat splashed upon it all. Flesh was not so much burnt to ash as simply reduced unto nothing at all. The concussive shockwave that followed afterwards lifted up entire buildings off of their foundations, shredded thousands of miles of pipes and plumbing for fuel and waste products, creating a hundred simultaneous eruptions of their own. Electrical cables several feet wide sparked into slag, causing major shutdowns in other locations before other shockwaves reached them. Stored explosives throughout the city, from grenades held in grenade launchers or held on the waists of certain skitarii and hereteks to the explosive shells meant for tanks and artillery vehicles to the bombs left in the bays of certain flying vehicles exploded from the sheer magnitude of the forces pushed upon them. Something of infernal artifice was surely destroyed, based on initial observations, as a warp rift tore open within the center of that ongoing inferno just before the latter half of the station finished hitting the ground, a few split seconds of difference.<br/>
<br/>
Then the shipyard’s reactors exploded as they were crushed and battered by their own destruction, followed shortly by the forge-hive reactors built deep below, reached by the sheer violent force of what was unleashed. So much had been hollowed out, earth replaced with tunnels and supports, that an underground airburst explosion erupted, causing an upwards geyser of destroyed materials that had beforehand been buried beneath. The Dark Mechanicus had dug their roots deep, but now found that manipulation of the earth and rock turned against them. Gravity shuddered and ripped apart, earthquakes spewing outwards in all directions at magnitudes averaging 10.5, causing the entire massive edifice to begin crumpling inwards and down into a growing crater.<br/>
<br/>
What resulted from all of this were massive shockwaves that practically threw the Imperial Guard ships together, or even possibly out of the skies. At least, that was what would have occurred if these were not veteran pilots and captains themselves, who had landed amidst ongoing wars and atmospheric hurricanes that could tear the skin off the bone. The waves of wind and force ended up crashing several more of the enemy transports and strike craft that had been so determined to reclaim the shipyard. Instead, ancient engines strained as they maneuvered back into place, coming down for a reasonably comfortable landing only a dozen miles away from the lip of the massive burning crater of shattered earth and obliterated metal which remained from the forge-hive. Ten miles of railway from outside the perimeter of the crater leading back towards the central and ninth forge-hive were destroyed as well.<br/>
<br/>
“Well,” Colonel Gabriel Derosa declared as he listened to the ongoing reports of the destruction from within the safety of the ship. “If only we had eight more of those, eh?”<br/>
<br/>
“And more for every other planet besides?” Said the woman standing next to him, her jet black hair cropped close to her head, gleaming medals for valorous service covering her front. “Hardly a chance for glory, that.”<br/>
<br/>
“And yet,” Gabriel shook his head, “I almost find it poetic.”<br/>
<br/>
“To use the weapons of the enemy is to be them,” the woman said stiffly, eyes narrowed.<br/>
<br/>
“This isn’t using the weapons of the enemy like picking up a tainted bolter with a face growing out of the barrel, this is shoving their own evil works onto them, and letting the universe correct for it,” he shook his head. “Are we all prepared to deploy?”<br/>
<br/>
“Initial platoons have already been deployed, schedule shows that within the hour over half of our strength shall be fully disembarked.”<br/>
<br/>
“Excellent,” Gabriel nodded, squinting as he saw a new signal being transmitted from the auspex. “Ah, and there are the Blood Ravens.”<br/>
<br/>
The woman narrowed her eyes.<br/>
<br/>
“They only send a pair of thunderhawks to aid us?”<br/>
<br/>
“They did take the station and ensured the aftermath most are celebrating,” Gabriel pointed out politely, “And all things told, they took casualties.”<br/>
<br/>
He shook his head, many more ignorant citizens of the Imperium would have thought space marines utterly invincible. Indomitable. But if there was anything he knew after the three Aurelian Crusades, it was that they were far more fallible than most would like to contemplate.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmph. I shall take their measure for myself,” she sniffed as she stepped away from the bank of consoles within the ship’s bridge.<br/>
<br/>
“As I have told you, wife,” he said, catching her hand and making her look back at him with a raised eyebrow, “These are not the Blood Ravens that your father knew.”<br/>
<br/>
She glared at him and tugged her hand free, sniffing again as she fiddled with her commander’s hat.<br/>
<br/>
“So you and your mother have said. And yet, I will accept only the truth before my very eyes, not just my ears. That is practically a third of the reasoning behind our joining at all, your mother’s desperate work to work diplomacy on the part of these…<i>Blood Ravens</i>,” she sneered the words.<br/>
<br/>
Less than twenty minutes later, Gabriel was marveling at the Blood Ravens in person, along with the rest of his command squad. Just as he’d known, they showed little to no reaction to his sanctioned psyker Brellis, the older man mumbling to himself as a cloudy liquid dripped from his hollow eye sockets. They were not, he saw, without wounds. Many of them showed clearly hastily applied repairs to their wargear, their power armor, and yet their weapons had clearly been made relatively pristine for their descent onto the planet. To attempt to simply fly into a heavily defended forge-hive was impossible, of course.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Tarkus, we are already setting up a perimeter for defenses, and our basilisks are zeroed in for the moment the enemy tries to bring out their own artillery,” he said as around them the Imperial Guard rushed to emerge from their transports. “And we-,”<br/>
<br/>
A mechanical roar deafened his next words, and many others besides. The Meridian noble winced and crouched slightly as the noise continued to emerge from the massive Galaxy-class that he had ridden on.<br/>
<br/>
“I apologize,” he said after the noise had barely begun to fade. “That is…,”<br/>
<br/>
“A Baneblade,” Captain Tarkus finished for him, eyes narrowed towards the utterly cavernous mouth of the landed Galaxy.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, rather-,” Colonel Derosa’s next words were drowned out as the noise came again, closer.<br/>
<br/>
Along with answering roars as well.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens watched, unmoving, as ten Baneblades emerged from the ramp of the Galaxy-class transport. A hundred and ten barrels of hell swept across the surrounding area as they drove out in wedges of five, the first of the wedges driving forth at dangerously rapid pace to approach where Gabriel and the Blood Ravens stood. It yet bore the flags of the Imperium, however, and so they did not shy away. Several guardsmen had to leap out of the way, however, to avoid getting run over. Many of these did not escape getting absolutely covered in dust and ash cast out by the passage of the superheavy tanks. The lead of them, clearly customized as a command vehicle, came the closest, leaving the remaining four of its wedge behind.<br/>
<br/>
And immediately, Tarkus closed his eyes in silent pain before opening them again as he recognized the flags that hung proudly upon the Baneblade’s sides. But he said nothing before the cupola was opened and a scarred woman with black hair, medals upon her uniform, and a large bolt pistol on her waist emerged. A pair of slim power claws, currently sheathed within themselves, were attached carefully onto her heavily muscled forearms. If anything, the woman looked like an escaped Sister of Battle who had taken on the form of an Imperial Guard tank commander. More importantly, her face was intimately familiar to those who had studied the pict-captured faces of those who had been important in the War for Kaurava.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Tarkus. I am Colonel Amelia Stubbs, wife of Colonel Derosa,” she declared as she hefted herself, one-handed, out of the tank and strode along its top to look down upon the Blood Ravens, hands on her hips. “I believe you may know my father, the Lord Subsector?”<br/>
<br/>
“Not personally, no, but yes I know of him,” Tarkus responded politely. “The actions of Captain Boreale are regretted thoroughly, Colonel.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm. That is one word for it,” she sniffed. “For now, I command the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Meridian Consolidated Armored Regiment. But know this!” She stomped her foot on the top of her Baneblade. “<i>I </i>command my tanks, and no other. Is that understood, Blood Raven?”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus just nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, Colonel.”<br/>
<br/>
“…my husband says that you Blood Ravens have changed,” she continued. “I am here to see if that is truly the case. I suppose we shall see. What is our plan of attack upon these forge-hives?”<br/>
<br/>
A clearing throat made all present look to the side.<br/>
<br/>
“If I may,” Inquisitor Adrastia said, having somehow made her approach unannounced to the shock of many present. “I may have a solution beyond simply grinding our steel against theirs until we are all dead. Magos?” She turned to a twitchy looking tech-priest that had accompanied her.<br/>
<br/>
In fact, the Inquisitor’s retinue had extended quite a bit. Colonel Merrick, declared KIA long ago, glanced at the Blood Ravens and shared a terse nod with pursed lips. On this day, he bore a hotshot lasgun and a rather enormous and heavily armored case on his back. He was joined not only by the Magos that the Inquisitor had referred to, but a steely eyed chiurgeon of the Sister Hospitaller as well. The Magos was almost wholly mechanical, and their upper torso was mostly seemingly made of mechadendrites which twitched and poked about, revealing an incredibly thin cylinder at the center which was the actual torso proper. A face covered almost entirely in varying lenses ducked this way and that, staring at certain points in the middle distance before moving on seemingly without any rhyme or reason whatsoever. The Inquisitor herself was dressed fully in power armor, the entire system closed with a black-painted and red lensed helm bearing the Inquisitorial Rosette stamped in the forehead.<br/>
<br/>
“C-c-careful study of manifold transfers a-a-and electrical current wattage b-b-based on scans,” the tech-priest spoke oddly, twitching and bending with every word, stuttering like a lagging recording repeatedly. “H-h-have revealed g-g-general a-a-assumed junctions p-p-powering enemy subsystems r-r-relating-,”<br/>
<br/>
“To summarize,” Inquisitor Adrastia interrupted with a sigh, a hand going up to silence the odd Magos, “Whilst the shipyard’s void shields were down, and during the duration within which the so-called Fabricator-General of Opus Maxima enacted a dialogue with Mortirex, the Magos was able to locate and designate the main geothermic reactor core which powers the majority of the main forge-hive,” she said rapidly, looking between the various personnel before her. “Based on even initial estimates, a properly engaged cascade shutdown could cause catastrophic damage to the entire forge-hive, possibly the entire planet given how widespread their geothermic grid is.”<br/>
<br/>
She grimaced, then.<br/>
<br/>
“I suspect that the only reason the grid is in such a state is with the assumed plan of fully transforming the world into a functioning Forge World, with the power requirements planned out in advance.”<br/>
<br/>
“So there’s a chance,” the daughter of Vance Stubbs said with a tight grin. “Brilliant. I’d rather wondered if we’d all die here plinking against their bloody void shields or if we’d get hunted down and surrounded by their legions.”<br/>
<br/>
“What, precisely, are you proposing, Inquisitor?” Tarkus asked, raising an eyebrow at her.<br/>
<br/>
Inquisitor Adrastia smiled nastily.<br/>
<br/>
“When I first realized we were preparing to go after Vandis, I envisioned some monolithic fortress, possibly built into an asteroid or a lone keep protected by sorcery and foul technologies,” she admitted, though a bit ruefully considering what they had encountered instead. “As such, I prepared several gate cracking explosives accordingly. Not necessarily on the scale of a full blown cyclonic torpedo, but specialized with built-in delivery system,” she then glanced at the case on Merrick’s back. “A specialized, high-powered beacon for teleport purposes.”<br/>
<br/>
The veteran guardsman looked a bit put out about just what he was carrying, but shrugged at the stares sent his way.<br/>
<br/>
“Better than landing the thing and trying to lug it who knows how many miles,” the Inquisitor continued. “But based on the Magos’ calculations, proper placement of the beacon – and successful delivery – could ensure victory here. There is only one issue.”<br/>
<br/>
“Distracting the Dark Mechanicus while the infiltration team gets down there,” Colonel Derosa said, a grim look on his face.<br/>
<br/>
“Exactly,” Adrastia nodded. “I shall personally escort the beacon, along with the rest of my retinue and some of my stormtroopers. We shall proceed along the rail line, underground, as with much of it destroyed by the explosion they are not likely to be sending troops there. But in the meantime, the ferocity of the distraction must be so great as to fully grab the attentions of the Dark Mechanicus.”<br/>
<br/>
“I think they are mightily pissed enough with…that,” Colonel Derosa gestured towards the massive scene of wreckage a short way away.<br/>
<br/>
The mushroom clouds were still raising high into the air, secondary and tertiary explosions cooking off every few minutes. Toxic smog clung tightly over the entire ruined forge-hive, creating a disturbing capped layer above the crater.<br/>
<br/>
“They speak truly,” Justinius spoke for the first time, his eyes shut. “I sense…a <i>vast</i> ocean of metal and wrath assembling to crush the interlopers to their world.” He opened his eyes. “Interlopers being us.”<br/>
<br/>
“Well let them come,” Colonel Stubbs declared, stomping back to the cupola of her Baneblade. “We’ll give you more than a distraction, Inquisitor,” she snarled. “We’ll give them <i>death</i>!”<br/>
<br/>
All around them, the Imperial Guard quickly began assembling defenses. Heavy weapons teams, sandbags, and more began being rushed to the fore, lesser commanders taking admirable initiative to go about their work, barking commissars speeding things up further. Without another word to anyone else, Colonel Stubbs drove her entire force of Baneblades towards one of the flanks, essentially planting them on the front lines as mobile hard points. Basilisk groups began rumbling about and gathering together to be able to concentrate their fire.<br/>
<br/>
“The main benefit of this landing zone is that they will most likely not try to drive through the crater of the former forge-hive,” Adrastia said, tapping a finger to her lips. “They shall have to split around it, come from the northwest and southwest, rather than directly from the west as I’m sure they would have preferred.”<br/>
<br/>
“It seems you’ve thought this out well, Inquisitor,” Tarkus said with a gruff note of approval in his voice.<br/>
<br/>
“This is not looking to be the easiest conflict,” she replied calmly, “I do not intent to spend the lives of those we have brought with us foolishly. Which brings me to my next question. Shall the Blood Ravens be joining me in plunging a dagger into the heart of this wretched planet, or shall you remain on the main battle line, supporting the Imperial Guard? And what of Gabriel?”<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Angelos is recovering swiftly,” Tarkus said honestly, “But his specialized bionics are not so swiftly repaired. The apothecary reports that he shall be conscious soon.”<br/>
<br/>
If the shipyard had not done its work so surprisingly thoroughly, Tarkus knew that Gabriel would likely have been at least conscious before this conversation came up again.<br/>
<br/>
“Unfortunate,” she pursed her lips and shook her head. “Yet the question remains. I am aware that your forces are depleted, Captain. But should we manage our work, we may be able to successfully cut any conflict on this world short.”<br/>
<br/>
“What of the forge-hive’s void shields, how can you ensure the beacon’s function?”<br/>
<br/>
Adrastia tilted her head at her Magos.<br/>
<br/>
“Damage the genatorium grid enough to cause the void shields to fail, even for a few seconds, and it will be enough – both to deliver the bomb and to return ourselves to my ship in orbit in a single go.” Adrastia clicked her tongue. “This is about speed, Captain, if you do not think that your battle brothers can keep up, remain here.”<br/>
<br/>
A dangerous, dangerous move. Bold in the extreme. But Tarkus could not see any other possibilities that did not involve tremendous loss of life on the part of their forces.<br/>
<br/>
“Justinius-,”<br/>
<br/>
“This place is madness for my kind,” the Chief Librarian grimaced. “There, there, and there,” he pointed into the distance, at the small dots on the horizon that were other forge-hives. “There are…pylons, it seems. Scouring pillars of warp energy that block my foresight. I’ll bet that each of the forge-hives has at least one. They are built of pain, solidified into cables that contain the warp energies which then pulse through obscene icons of their version of the Omnissiah regularly. Trying to even look at one of the cities with my second sight is akin to staring into a continually ongoing flashbang.”<br/>
<br/>
But Adrastia clearly wasn’t listening, given how her focus had gone elsewhere. The space marines could, much to their misfortune, hear the words being spoken to her through the comm-bead.<br/>
<br/>
“What do you mean you aren’t detecting the wreckage of the battle barge or its strike cruisers in the ruins,” Adrastia hissed to the man helming the auspex console on her ship. “They were locked into the docking clamps! The only way to escape would have been a warp jump <i>while within the atmosphere</i>, only a madman would-,” her jaw clamped shut, her expression twisting into something almost inhuman in its hatred. “Fine. Keep a watch upon the warp currents, then. The gravity reef means he can't leave the system.”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus, very slowly, closed his eyes and held them shut as he breathed in. And out. His fists clenched and unclenched, but not so much that it damaged the bolter they held.<br/>
<br/>
“Whatever your decision, Captain, I shall support it – Angelos gave you command, and I shall follow his orders,” Justinius spoke up. “But we must make our decision <i>now</i>. I can feel that seething ocean of death closing in.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm, indeed,” Adrastia nodded. We shall proceed through the ruins, toxic as they may be, to avoid the enemy forces. There we shall make our entry into the destroyed rail systems and onward onto the main forge-hive. Unless, perhaps, you have some brilliant plan of your own, Captain?” She turned to look at Tarkus.<br/>
<br/>
<u>What Does Tarkus Choose To Do?</u><br/>
<i>Voting Moratorium For 12 Hours</i><br/>
<br/>
[] Follow Adrastia’s Plan: If it works, it works. It may be the only chance there is to actually win this fight rather than get bogged down beneath the unfeeling legions of Dark Mechanicus skitarii and hereteks.<br/>
[] Another Plan: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
REGARDLESS<br/>
<br/>
[] Assign Forces Accordingly: Determine where Librarians, Battle Brothers, and Dreadnoughts will be deployed, whether in aiding Imperial Guard or joining Inquisitor Adrastia or whatever else. (Write-In) [EX: Terminators And Dreadnoughts Remain With Imperial Guard, Healing Specialized Epistolary Lucan Focuses On Healing Battle Brothers, Others Join Adrastia, etc.]<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Fleet</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Void Shielding At 50%, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius (+All Unassigned Librarians)<br/>
15(39) 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Remains Unconscious, Biological Components Mostly Restored, Bionic Restoration Ongoing<br/>
<br/>
24 5th Company Marines Require Bionic Replacements Or Dedicated Work By Chief Librarian And Epistolary Lucan Or Will Be Combat Crippled (Able to fire weapons, but not heavy weapons/able to fire heavy weapons, but not be standing or walk/ etc.) Total conscious 5th Company marines = 39. 15 are fully combat effective. <br/>
<br/>
Epistolary Idmon is in an unshakable suspended animation coma. <br/>
<br/>
Codicier Aeneas has fallen into a suspended animation coma, and will require intensive healing. <br/>
<br/>
Epistolary Lucan has displayed additional mastery:  [+Master Biomancer]<br/>
<br/>
NOTE: Dedicating the psykers to healing purposes means not being able to contribute to immediate upcoming combat. </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 1/3)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class (?)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas<br/>
3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers<br/>
322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines<br/>
125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines<br/>
24 Khornate Berserkers<br/>
2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials<br/>
10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks<br/>
1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7<br/>
5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations<br/>
25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors<br/>
300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii<br/>
10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii<br/>
20,000~ Cultist Troopers<br/>
7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers<br/>
100 Soulrend Obliterators</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>