<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>999.M41 -> 009.M42 Interlude: On Wings Of White</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>999.M41 -> 009.M42 Interlude: On Wings Of White</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>999.M41 -&gt; 009.M42 Interlude: On Wings Of White</b><br/>​</div>It was sudden, and it was glorious.<br/>
<br/>
A traitorous general seduced by Chaos who had led his armies in rebellion against the Imperium and his planet’s rulers.<br/>
<br/>
A great series of worlds who had turned from the Emperor’s light albeit unknowingly after being lost by the Imperium a thousand years before.<br/>
<br/>
A xenos empire which could not be allowed to live in case they ever threatened the Imperium itself.<br/>
<br/>
All these and more, Wars of Faith fought across the entire galaxy. Orders upon orders, Majoris and Minoris, spread out in their glorious tens of thousands. Their hundreds of thousands. Once brought forth into existence by the lies of Goge Vandire, resolved and redeemed by the God-Emperor himself, did they march. By fire did they purge, by bolter did they battle, slaying all who would threaten the sanctity of the Imperium. To preserve not just the body of humanity, but to protect it’s very soul.<br/>
<br/>
A shrine under assault by forces too powerful for its hundred Sisters to face alone.<br/>
<br/>
A cruiser which had been swept aside by the currents of the warp, surrounded and attacked by Chaos raiders.<br/>
<br/>
A fleet of refugees fleeing the tyranids who consumed their sector but were now hopelessly lost in the void.<br/>
<br/>
One sister, the Inquisitor who had dragged her away from her convent slain and the rest of his retinue around him by the awakening necrons of the world they had awoken.<br/>
<br/>
Too spread out to truly do the most important of works. Yet they possessed their orders, and could not divert from them for any less than the Divine Word of the Emperor himself.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================<br/>​</div>“Come with me,” said the woman, her wings of white fluttering faintly behind her, a hand outstretched to the grime-covered Canoness who had been certain of death at the hand of Nurgle’s servants but moments before.<br/>
<br/>
“Y-yes,” the Canoness said, taking the hand and finding the whole of her cleansed by simple proximity, the rest of her hundreds of sisters staring in turn.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================<br/>​</div>“I see a light,” the navigator suddenly cried out, “I…I see a light!”<br/>
<br/>
“Thank the Emperor,” the Captain groaned in happiness, letting his head loll back. “If we can just reach a <i>planet</i> within the Imperium…”<br/>
<br/>
“It…it is not the Astronomicon…”<br/>
<br/>
“What?”<br/>
<br/>
“The light,” the navigator shook, “It’s…oh…her light…”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================​</div> <br/>
“Will you fight at the Emperor’s side?” she asked, and the Confessor felt himself drop to his knees, his hat and staff falling to the ground.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes…yes!” he cried out, tears streaming down his face.<br/>
<br/>
For ten long years had they struggled to bring this world back into the Emperor’s light, and in but a day it had been won. None could mistake her. Mistake her power. Mistake the Emperor’s touch upon her, and the holiness of her very presence. It had been enough to convert even those most die-hard of his foes upon this world, these heretics, and yet instead of death she granted them mercy in exchange for their aid. Aid they gave after she spoke to them in person, in secret, beyond the potentially fatal exchanges he would have brought them.<br/>
<br/>
“Then ready your ships.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================<br/>​</div>“Thank you, my lady,” she whispered at the smiling woman who approached her on foot despite her wings.<br/>
<br/>
“Thank me not, sister,” said the winged woman, as she lifted her out of her kneeling position. “It was you and your own convent which defended this place.”<br/>
<br/>
“I…we thought that the orks had destroyed our communication arrays, how did you...,” she trailed off. “The Emperor?”<br/>
<br/>
“The Emperor,” her savior nodded as she began to approach the sacred resting place of the Saint Ramona.<br/>
<br/>
“W-what are you doing?”<br/>
<br/>
“Arming you, my sister.”<br/>
<br/>
And the sarcophagus was pulled to the side, revealing the golden armor within.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
=================<br/>​</div>“We cannot stop them,” Pedro Cantor bellowed to his brothers as they fought against the very tide itself, “But we <i>shall</i> hold them!”<br/>
<br/>
The orks came, and they came, and they came. Hundreds died to the defenses of the Fortress-Monastery, and yet thousands more replaced them. Pedro roared as he slammed the back of his power gauntlet into an ork’s chest to pulverize it entirely, leaping forward to slay yet another nob as it savaged the corpse of another of his Crimson Fist brethren. He bled from a mortal wound, he knew, from an ork kommando’s assassination attempt of all things, and yet he fought on. Not until the last of the refugees of Rynn’s World were able to flee to safety into the ships which even now fought a desperate holding action in the stars above.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor, we shall slay the xeno, and for the Emperor, we shall not let up until the last of us falls!”<br/>
<br/>
“AND NO MORE SHALL FALL TODAY!” came a booming voice, before Pedro saw the source, as thousands of flying Seraphim came down from the heavens, bombing runs by vessels of the Sororitas and Imperial Navy alike tearing apart the charging orkish armies.<br/>
<br/>
Alighting near him, she swept her blade forth and obliterated the nearest orks with unforgiving zealous fury, before turning back to him with a look of tranquil concern.<br/>
<br/>
“The last of those you protect are safe now, Chapter Master. And yet you need not remain any longer.”<br/>
<br/>
“We…,” he grit out, “Cannot abandon Rynn’s World again. Not again!”<br/>
<br/>
They could not lose what they had just reclaimed already!<br/>
<br/>
“You shall return, Pedro,” she whispered his name, her hand upon his shoulder and with an aborted gasp he felt his wounds heal from her touch. “But you need not sacrifice yourself here and now.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================<br/>​</div>“In accordance to the Decree Passive laid down by Sebastian Thor, for the folly of Goge Vandire the Ecclesiarchy cannot maintain any men under arms,” the Living Saint spoke from atop the ruined tank which had once born the servants of Chaos on a world now no longer under siege. “However…,” she slowly lifted her gaze towards all of the Sisters, all of the Guardsmen, all of the PDF, all of the citizenry who had come to see the planet’s savior, “<i>I</i> am <i>not</i> the Ecclesiarchy. I am but a servant of the Emperor and Imperium. I am but one of his humble servants!” she cried, lifting her burning blade aloft, “And yet I would ask of you, would you follow me to serve Him!?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes!”<br/>
<br/>
“It is not a War of Faith, ordered by the Cardinals that I call upon you all to follow me into. It is a CRUSADE! Will you join me!??”<br/>
<br/>
“YES!”<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor, we do not crusade for anything less than the survival of THE IMPERIUM ITSELF!”<br/>
<br/>
“FOR THE EMPEROR!!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================<br/>​</div>From convent to convent.<br/>
<br/>
From world to world.<br/>
<br/>
From War of Faith won, to Wars of Faith that <i>were</i> won by Her arrival.<br/>
<br/>
Men and women alike rose up across the Imperium rose up. Whole battle groups of Guard and Navy found themselves swayed into a religious fervor that they had not tasted or experienced in their entire lives. Orders to return for debriefing were ignored, for favor of following a true calling. It burned in them now, zealots from peasants, whispers to wild screams of joy and sermons of roaring righteous fury. Ships old and new, following a new beacon, through currents and warps becalmed and smoothed, flowing as one in a single mailed fist of faith.<br/>
<br/>
There were times that She disappeared. Times that She returned. Throughout it all, they followed her, her words and deeds alike. Sometimes there were even tales spread that she had appeared at one end of the galaxy and then the next before bringing those she saved at both ends together through the passage of faith-girded travel. Distance and time, their meanings lost within what some referred to as the Great Ocean, worked towards their efforts rather than against them. It was as if their combined faith acted as a conduit in and of itself.<br/>
<br/>
Others joined them as well. The Black Templars found their own Crusades not interrupted but aided by the faithful, arming and training themselves with the fervor of only the truly zealous can manage. And when they found that suddenly where there were but a few hundred bolters there were thousands, and when faced with the Living Saint who but begged them for their aid in service to the Emperor, they could not help but join her. There were none who begrudged this, joyous instead that the Angels of Death who worshipped the true God of Humanity. If anything, the fact that the Crusades they aided and that joined them in turn numbered so greatly was yet one more mighty buoy for them.<br/>
<br/>
Pilgrims, volunteers, veterans, retired, and the young, all these and more would join her in number as the ships passed to and fro across the galaxy, an army in and of themselves. Yet they were no mere fighters of a War of Faith, as She had said. They were a Crusade, they fought a Crusade for the Imperium’s very survival.<br/>
<br/>
And with every year, Celestine’s Crusade grew larger. It grew stronger. With fighting came experience. With experience skill. Those who had never held a lasgun or bolter in their lives before found their innocence burnt away upon the pyre for the Imperium’s soul, replaced with hard-bitten veterans of all ages. Armor that was naught but cloth and scrap were steadily replaced with that of the Guard, and many more found themselves near conscripted into the Sisters of Battle and trained as they would be. For to be put aside simply because they had not grown in the convents was no excuse, not when the Imperium was under such great threat. And they learned. They prayed. They fought. They died. And they killed.<br/>
<br/>
It was a month after the Planet of Sorcerers had disappeared from the Fenris System.<br/>
<br/>
It was one year to the day that Lord Castellan Creed had died at the hands of Abbadon the Despoiler.<br/>
<br/>
But finally, did they arrive at their most final of destinations.<br/>
<br/>
Cadia.<br/>
<br/>
And so did tens of thousands of the Adepta Sororitas, regiment upon regiment of rescued Imperial Guard, battleships and cruisers and frigates, and five different unified Crusades of the Black Templars burst through the warp above the world of Cadia. With but three words did the Living Saint Celestine unleash them, troops to fly to the surface, to be deployed with holy fury, for ships to surge forward an assault the flotillas of chaos-tainted vessels which held themselves there. Did the pilgrims militant scream out in righteous exultation at the chance to fight and kill.<br/>
<br/>
“FOR THE EMPEROR!!!!!!!!!”</div>
  </body>
</html>