<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 34 Social - 2486.5 - Part 1 - The 24th Supreme Patriarch</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 34 Social - 2486.5 - Part 1 - The 24th Supreme Patriarch</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally

[*] Eike, as she begins her tutelage at the Grey College.
[*] Altdorf, to witness the octenniel duels for the position of Supreme Patriarch.
[*] Panoramia, to properly finishing catching up with her.
[*] Karak Vlag, to see if they've been talked out from behind their fortifications yet.
[+] The Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks (locked in)
[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)



For twenty-four years, Ghur has blown strongly in the streets of Altdorf. An entire generation has grown up always knowing a city where even the lowliest must be treated with cautious respect, as all those without a home to shelter in, from street urchins to feral dogs, are those that have become most attuned with the Wind of the wild. The oft-indistinguishable guilds and gangs of the waterfronts have swelled with people no longer willing to be subjugated, with the Hooks and the Fish spilling into outright war against each other, turning parts of the docklands into a battlefield. The parks and the Zoo swell with visitors even as the amount of injuries sustained in them climbs, and the city's population holds steady as the constant influx of newcomers to the city is balanced by those leaving, chasing a yearning they've discovered within themselves for the untamed wilderness.

You were twelve when Dragomas supplanted Alric as Supreme Patriarch, and as a Junior Apprentice you could not leave the grounds of the Grey College, and even if you could your magical senses at the time were vastly insufficient to meaningfully understand what was happening. When Dragomas retained his title for a second term, you had just begun your work in Stirland; when he did so again, you were busy preparing to join Belegar's Expedition. But now you have not just the time to pay attention, but also the right as Lady Magister to stand in the Obsidian Hall and witness the challenges firsthand - and, though you are not currently so inclined, to make a challenge yourself. Today the streets are mostly empty of Altdorf's citizens as the city's long memory knows that back in 2415, the duels between the Wizards were replaced with all-out magical war, begun when one of then-Supreme Patriarch Alric's underlings by the name of High Luminary Horx imprisoned Alric in crystal and unleashed a Storm of Magic onto the city.

The citizens aren't the only ones who remember. The Holy Order of the Templars of Sigmar always have a strong presence in Altdorf for the duels, and many Wizards suspect they do so in hopes of getting another chance at revoking the charter of the Colleges of Magic. Magisters Vigilant and Battle Wizards of every Order likewise stand ready to strike down any would-be Horx before they deliver that chance to the Witch Hunters. The Battle Wizards in particular are almost fanatically loyal to Dragomas, and will brook no tarnishing of the reputation of the man who has so dramatically improved their living conditions over the years.

The twenty-fourth Supreme Patriarch will be decided today, and that again shows the influence of Supreme Patriarch Alric. Volans served two terms, but at the time was considered the second Supreme Patriarch after Teclis, rather than second and third. But though Alric was stripped of the leadership of the Colleges in the aftermath of the Night of a Thousand Arcane Duels, he retained leadership of the Light Order, and then in 2438 he defeated Felip Iyrtu of the Amethysts and once more became the Supreme Patriarch. But record-keeping decided it was untidy to have the 12th Supreme Patriarch be head of the Colleges once more after the 13th, 14th, and 15th had reigned, and the numbering system was tweaked to count individual terms rather than unique Patriarchs, making Alric the 14th and 18th. And then, after being defeated by Paranoth the Wanderer and then reclaiming it again, the 20th.

Dragomas has been the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd Supreme Patriarchs, making him tied with Alric for most terms and the only Supreme Patriarch to serve three consecutive terms. When leadership is decided by a one-on-one duel, turning into a hitherto unknown and evidently very powerful species of Dragon is quite difficult to argue with, and many in the Colleges believe that Dragomas will be the 24th Supreme Patriarch. Today, you'll find out for sure.

The Obsidian Hall is a large octagonal structure made of thick, smooth, and magically inert obsidian. It was built by Teclis and the founding heads of the Colleges of Magic for the sole purpose of deciding the leadership of the Colleges, and in its center lies a raised circular altar - well, most of the literature on the subject says altar, but you would argue that its secular nature makes 'plinth' or 'socle' more correct - over which the Staff of Volans will float. Each wall holds an alcove behind protective enchantments for the Lord and Lady Magisters to witness the duels, and you enter the structure from the Grey Order's side of the octagon.

"Lady Magister Weber," says Reiner Starke with a short bow as you enter, the only one already present.

"Porter Starke," you reply. "How many are we expecting?"

"Four for sure. Grey's going to try to be here, Kupfer hasn't said one way or the other, and Melkoth may or may not be here in time."

You nod in understanding. You don't last long with the name Grey if you're not cautious about your travel arrangements, Kupfer is retired in all but name, and Melkoth has what might charitably be called a unique relationship with the passage of time. "Have you witnessed one of these before?"

"Not firsthand."

"How many challengers do you think we'll see?"

He shrugs. "Paranoth has the puissance but not the inclination. Feldmann has the people skills but isn't much of a duellist. Reicthard isn't a risk-taker. Elspeth..." he hesitates.

"Is terrifying," Algard says from behind you, causing the two of you to jump, "but I don't think she's entrenched enough to make a play for more, even if she was willing. And she might not be willing - she stepped up as Magister Matriarch largely because there wasn't anyone else suitable after Hexensohn's..." he pauses for a fraction of a second, eyes darting over to you, "unfortunate fate. And as for me, I'm happy with Dragomas' leadership."

"That leaves Maria Stossel and Alric," you note.

"Trying to predict what Maria's going to do just makes her less predictable," Algard grouches, and Starke nods in agreement.

Discussion is cut off by raised voices outside the door, as what must be Altdorf's least sensible remise driver tries to argue a higher fee out of his passengers and has the error of his ways quite firmly and thoroughly explained to him. A moment later Wilhelmine von Bucht and Kupfer enter arm in arm, and you note that Wilhelmine seems to be supporting some of Kupfer's weight. "Not late, are we?" Wilhelmine asks airily.

"The Jades are always late, we're fine," Kupfer says.

"We were just discussing who might be the challengers today," Algard says, peering out of the Alcove. Across the room you can just make out figures in the opposite Alcoves by the light of their open doors - what must be the Lights, Golds, and Ambers since the layout is based on the Wheel of Magic - but it's too dim for regular eyes to make out much and with this much obsidian pressing in your Magesight is all but blind.

"There'll be a few ambitious and newly-promoted Lords and Ladies that will have a go," says Lady Magister Grey, who you were sure wasn't there a moment ago. "There always are. Dragomas is a gentle sort, relatively speaking, so they should be fine."

"When did you get here?" Starke asks of her.

"Yesterday," she replies with a sniff.

Speculation continues as the minutes tick past and the entrances of some of the other Colleges slide closed, and Melkoth and Kurtis Krammovitch arrive just in time to confirm that, once more, the Jades are the last to trickle in - the duel taking place in winter makes it difficult for those of them attuned to the seasons. As the last door closes the chamber is almost, but not quite, plunged into darkness, the only remaining illumination being those of the Light and Bright Orders that live up to the names in a more literal manner than most.

"Brothers and sisters," booms the voice of the Supreme Patriarch, as the Staff of Volans glows with an amber light that reveals the shirtless Dragomas in the middle of the room. "Here we are once more. You all know me. You all know what I stand for. If you think you can do a better job, come forward and prove the strength of that belief." He slams the Staff of Volans into the center of the room, and it lifts itself into the air. "Dragomas stands for the Amber Brotherhood."

There's another slam and a flash of pure-white light, and a voice that echoes unnaturally rises. "Alric stands for the Order of Light."

A third slam, a golden light. "Feldmann stands for the Golden Order."

Green. "Paranoth stands for the Order of Life."

Blue. "Maria Stossel stands for the Celestial College."

Grey, from right beside you. "Algard stands for the Grey Order."

Purple. "Elspeth von Draken stands for the Amethyst Order."

Red. "Norbert Reicthard stands for the Bright Order."

There's a shimmer in the air, and then the seven flashes of lights are drawn into the middle of the room and into the altar, and your Magesight flinches back as a magical barrier flashes into life in front of the alcove, and an even illumination from nowhere in particular brightens the room. Silence reigns for a moment, and you can see those of the other Orders looking back and forth from their alcoves, wondering who will be Dragomas' first challenger.

"Alric of the Light Order challenges Dragomas of the Amber Brotherhood," an echoing voice announces, and directly across from you the barrier opens for the challenger to step through.

Dragomas turns and regards Alric, but if he has any comments he keeps them to himself, instead giving a nod to the man and walking in your direction until he is standing opposite Alric's position. The two stand motionless for a long moment, and you note the contrast between them: Dragomas shirtless, muscled, and deeply tanned, Alric pale and thin in pure-white robes and softly glowing. Then the Staff of Volans pulses with magic, releasing precisely equal amounts of Ghur and Hysh into the room.

[Rolling...]

"Stand DOWN," Dragomas thunders, his voice reverberating through the room, and Alric seems to physically recoil from it. Dragomas strides forward confidently, and by the time Alric has collected himself and has started to react, Dragomas' hand is already wrapping around the Staff of Volans, pulling it from the air and unleashing another flood of Ghur. Dragomas stands in place, staring Alric down.

"I yield," Alric says a moment later.

You exhale, sharing glances with your fellows on either side.

"Not the best showing," Starke notes.

"Not the sort of thing that inspires confidence in leadership," Wilhelmine agrees.

"Might be trouble in the Light Order," you say, remembering your conversation with Mira. If she needs an opening to try to move against Alric, she probably just found it.

As Alric retreats back behind the Light Order's barrier, Dragomas turns in place, surveying the alcoves for the next challenger.

"Arburg of the Order of Life challenges Dragomas of the Amber Brotherhood," comes a rich but stilted voice, and a woman steps forward from your right.

"Kurtis?" Algard prompts.

"Former Battle Wizard, promoted a few years ago. Fought alongside the forces of Ostland and Nordland against Beastmen, and with the Second Fleet against Norscans."

[Rolling...]

With a flash of Ghur and Ghyran the next duel begins, and Arburg quickly folds Ghyran into a spell that causes the obsidian to crack as roots punch through, forming a living battle-altar below her. It's a tricky piece of magic and done commendably, but while she was doing that, Dragomas had performed his signature spell, his skin hardening and stretching until he almost fills his half of the chamber. His now-draconic gaze meets Arburg's, and for a silent moment all is still. Then Ghyran stirs once more, and in seconds Dragomas has flitted across the chamber, ignoring the Staff entirely in favour of pouncing atop Arburg, his claws tightening around skin that is already in the process of hardening into stone. Once more they freeze in place, a silent conversation seeming to fill the air between them before Arburg nods and says, "I yield."

"Very neat spellwork," Melkoth notes.

"Strong showing for a recent graduate," Algard agrees.

Two more duels come and go. One involves a Gold Wizard that pulls in a truly massive amount of Chamon and tries to fold it into a spell that causes grumbling from the other Greys before it's rather contemptuously slapped aside by Dragomas, who glares at him with such venom that he quails. Then a Celestial Wizard stands against Dragomas and draws in Azyr until she crackles with energies, but instead of transforming Dragomas plucks an Amber Spear from empty air and throws it at the challenger with such force that she is pinned to the magical barrier behind her.  After a brief interlude while the spear is banished and the damage healed by the Jade Wizards, Dragomas once more stands in the center of the room, looking for a new challenger.

[Rolling...]

But none step forward.

"Let all witness that Dragomas of the Amber Brotherhood has earned the title of Supreme Patriarch," Dragomas announces.

"So witnessed," comes the chorus from the leaders of the other seven Orders, and a pulse of Ghur rises from the Staff of Volans and floods outwards, disrupting the magical barriers, pushing open the doors, and flooding into the streets beyond. For eight more years the Amber Brotherhood will lead the Colleges of Magic, Dragomas will advise the Emperor, and Ghur will blow stronger than any other Wind in Altdorf.
  </body>
</html>