<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>040.M42 To 045.M42 Interlude: Apocalyptica</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>040.M42 To 045.M42 Interlude: Apocalyptica</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>040.M42 To 045.M42 Interlude: Apocalyptica</b>​</div><br/>
Cadia waited.<br/>
<br/>
Ships, torn asunder by lance and daemon, in their dozens. Pickets shredded apart as they desperately fled the system for safety even though they would find none. Disappearing into the warp was naught but a death sentence, such was the turmoil in the Immaterium caused by the tumultuous arrival. On its arrival to the edge of the star system alone, eighty-one psykers both active and latent upon Cadia screamed out in terror before they erupted in bursts of blood and bile. Nine of the powerful Librarians of the space marines fell to corruption, their formidable defenses falling like sand beneath a tidal wave, and the daemons which burst from their corpses killed dozens more of their superhuman brethren. Seven astropaths died laughing, tearing their own skin off and devouring all they could before expiring, leaving their ships floating uselessly in the void. Eight regiments of the Imperial Guard fell to instant madness, attacking everyone and everything around them, including each other.<br/>
<br/>
Inexorable in the extreme, to the terror of those who were first sent against it, it came, ruthlessly through the darkness. Fears grew to new heights, for no matter the strength of a fortress upon the planet’s surface, none could possibly have stood against it. Shattered defenses, a Saint in retreat, a thousand, thousand screaming souls demanding salvation and receiving it from darker powers, and so the turmoil spread. Daemon armies, glorifying in their existence maintained by the sheer volume and breadth of emotion, cried with delight at the knowledge of what was coming. Pylons shuddered and shook, vibrating and cracking along their seams even as desperate teams of Mechanicus adepts worked to repair them. What was meant to be the most defensible of worlds in the entire Imperium outside of the Sol System itself was truly, inescapably vulnerable. The anticipation was a delight, a feast, a wonder, and all who served the Despoiler reveled in the knowledge of what was to come even as they advanced.<br/>
<br/>
As it advanced further, the worlds it passed exploded with warp rifts and daemonic manifestations. What few resisting soldiers that existed there died, leaving every world it briefly passed wholly in the grip of Chaos. Every single resisting fingernail was ripped out and smashed, every desperate last hope quashed and drowned in darkness. Kasr Partox’s last defenders swore eagerly to their new Gods, their minds wiped and souls devoured as the last temple to the God-Emperor fell. A final resisting cell of Sororitas on the world of Solar Mariatus were slaughtered in the shadows with their final prayers going unheard. Five hundred loyal astartes fell on the world of Kasr Holn, tens of thousands of daemons manifesting in all directions, their precious gene-seed lost forever as it was devoured and destroyed. The rest of the world fell soon after, roaring World Eaters plunging out of the skies and shedding rivers of blood out of its citizens.<br/>
<br/>
Then came the Hive World of Macharia, largest of all the planets in the Cadian System. There, the great ship stopped for the first time. Millions screamed in terror, and hundreds of thousands finally broke and begged for mercy from the Dark Gods, yet the one in command of that ship cared nothing for their desperate devotion. It would amount to nothing. If anything, he savored it. Now, when his enemy had finally been forced to scatter beneath the great grinding might of Chaos, he would ensure that nothing would stop him. The vast world, and its many people, who had fought and died and worshipped for generations to their distant God, died. There would be no miraculous rescues. No sudden reveal of hidden forces upon the world, no rescue fleets that would come in the nick of time. No one would come, and no one did. Macharia died screaming, a world destroyed completely and utterly. The warp shuddered with the screams of the souls who had all been damned by that destruction.<br/>
<br/>
Only then, as the white hot remnants of Macharia tumbled outwards, did the trap spring.<br/>
<br/>
Only in the brightness of a world’s death could the approach have been made. Sensors made of metal and flesh alike failed. One from the destruction flooding all with radiation and the splinters of Macharia. The other from the absolute flood of millions of souls flooding past and towards the Eye where they would be devoured eagerly. Only in those moments could the trap have sprung at all, and for all that many had screamed at the idea of it, the ones making the demands held the highest authority in the entire Imperium. Second only to the God-Emperor, of course. Yet he did not speak, and he had not saved Macharia. Instead, it would be his flock who would attend to avenging it.<br/>
<br/>
From three sides, they came, around the sides of the rapidly disappearing remnants of Macharia and from below it. A vast number of ships, deliberately withheld despite the protests and executions of a dozen admirals. Despite the surety of death for so very many elsewhere throughout the theatre once abandoned by their battlefleets. But for a chance such as this they would be considered worthy sacrifices in the name of victory. It is said that thousands of lesser cultists simply died on the worlds that the ship had passed above from the rage of the one who had corrupted them. But despite that rage, and the fact that over a dozen ships on both sides died within the first few moments of engagement, the incredible  exertion and strain to the ship’s systems in destroying Macharia had been turned against it. A scant split second of ‘vulnerability’ – though the ability for that word to apply turned fallow when considering the fleet defending the ship as well as its own defenses.<br/>
<br/>
Freed from the dangers of the Green Kroosade, Battlefleet Scarus advanced. With the death of the one who had had led the orks against them, they had rearmed, repaired, rebuilt, and regrouped.<br/>
<br/>
By the orders of the High Lords, Battlefleet Gothic came, far and away from their own sector which had faced this same vessel in the past. None who fought it had faced the ship, yet they remembered the stories. Some had family who had died in the war fought in what seemed to be another age, such was the violence unleashed in the here and now.<br/>
<br/>
Vengeful Battlefleet Agripinaa, despite their wounds from the hands of Chaos, demanded blood in their continual volleys of lances and torpedo volleys in numbers to empty their stores utterly. Too long had they been alone, separated, picked off, and brought to ruin by the enemy. But now they were unified in one purpose.<br/>
<br/>
Flying their own ships was a truly powerful task force made up solely of the mighty space marines. While ships carrying multiple fresh preceptories of sororitas arrived upon the world of Cadia itself as well as what few worlds remained at least partially Imperial in-system, the astartes drove forward. Fifteen companies, uprooted from battlefields across multiple burning sectors set aflame by Chaos, one from different chapter’s each, all drove forth in their strike cruisers surrounded by escort vessels. But at the head of all of these came another fleet in and of itself, a single battle barge escorted by ten further strike cruisers all bearing the bronze sigil of the Minotaurs. A flood of Nova-class frigates flew alongside them, lance weapons firing as they came.<br/>
<br/>
In turn, the Chaos fleet turned and split to face the oncoming fleets, rage and fury guiding their purpose. Ships crafted out of the malefic forges of the Dark Mechanicus and formed by the Daemon Primarch Perturabo’s will fired every gun they could, while daemonships who were only barely kept in check by the will of the Despoiler did the same. Crews thousands of years old and as fresh as a few months ago when they emerged from the cloning tubes frantically worked at their consoles, or died as they hauled missiles and weaponry to cannons only to die from the igniting back blasts.<br/>
<br/>
But for once, the Imperium had numbers on their side. For once, they were on the offense. For once, they were the ones who utterly overwhelmed the enemy. Ships were left burning and damaged in the ceaseless charge yet were quickly replaced by those behind them. Where one ship fell, two more filled the gap. A ceaseless, endless amount of fire. Enough torpedos that the sorcerers who attempted to deflect them burnt themselves to cinder, lance fire to boil away armor and vaporize daemon and damned crew alike. All of this and more simply to peel away the defenses present both sorcerous and otherwise. Five frigates, carrying massive sets of vortex bombs in their berths, sacrificed themselves in suicidal ramming attacks against the vessel’s engines, erupting in horrific explosions that released a thousand daemons into open space before they were quickly consumed back as fuel for the ship’s weapons. A strike cruiser blazed its final death in glory, wreathed in flames, as it slammed its armored bulk into an array glowing with terrible purpose and power.<br/>
<br/>
All of this, for the final strike. The Minotaurs sacrificed their strike cruisers as spilling water, ablative armor while the final preparations were made. Some, knowing that their death would come soon, released their entire company in boarding torpedos and drop pods onto the torn open surface that was so many miles long to fight and die in battle. Others abandoned their ships entirely, heading for those that yet remained viable. Finally, after ten thousand men died and a hundred more astartes were slain and lost forever, did the battle barge and remaining strike cruisers fire their weapons. No mere bombardment shells were these that were loosed, no. For these were weapons meant for, in a stroke of what perhaps might be irony, the very same purpose of the target they fell upon.<br/>
<br/>
The destruction of entire worlds.<br/>
<br/>
Shields broken open, hull boiled away in more than a dozen locations to reveal splits in space and time such was the half-way nature of the warp and that which it had claimed so tightly, and yet only a single fourth of what was launched made it to their target. Lashes of pure warp energy flew out from unseen arrays, sorcerous blasts sent others flying elsewhere into the void where they would dissipate uselessly, and daemons themselves were sent in great flying flocks like spewing bile to stop what they could. Re-erected void shields slammed into place, joined by other more exotic things crafted by the Dark Mechanicus to block other vulnerable portions of the ship from what was coming for it.<br/>
<br/>
Yet still, virus bombs fell into the myriad corridors of the Planet Killer. One managed to erupt inside of a weapons array, killing all within instantly. Single-stage cyclonic torpedoes pierced into blown open portions of the ship which had cost whole squadrons to reveal, quickly followed behind by their more exotic two-stage cousins. Weapons built to crack planetary crusts and violate the cores of worlds exploded within the endlessly warping maze that was the ship’s innards, obliterating miles and miles more of flesh and metal than could possibly have been contained in any ship not drenched in the powers of the warp since its construction. A mighty conflagration erupted in one portion of the ship which slew a mighty cabal of sorcerers who had not been able to flee in time. In another, the chaos space marines within did not even have time to contemplate running through portals to some unknowable place in the warp when a bombardment shell of immense power exploded half a mile away and destroyed the entire section.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperium did not cease, did not falter, did not pause, until the Planet Killer was completely and utterly destroyed. There was no chance for it to flee, too drained as it was from destroying Macharia. Though the pylons on Cadia itself had vibrated, and a dozen shattered entirely, as the warp roiled from some mighty power attempting to strain and perhaps save it, there was nothing to save. The great defensive fleet which had been built around it, some of the eldest traitor ships in the galaxy, had not survived the great charge. So too, had many an Imperial ship either. But far more lived than had died, and as those ships spread out across the rest of the Cadian System, unleashing their terrible fury on the worlds that had succumbed or reinforcing those that had not, for a short time there was hope. Perhaps the Despoiler had died with his ship, instead of fleeing into the warp. Perhaps he would have been slain by the almighty power of the Exterminatus.<br/>
<br/>
Until the news came that the Agripinaa Sector had fallen, leaving only scant few desperate remnants of the Imperium. Without their battlefleet to protect them, worlds had collapsed under orbital bombardment and deployments that came without prevention. Of Chaos forces pushing back all until the Imperium’s defenders were left with no recourse but to fight to the death, most of those that could retreat doing so. Rituals that summoned daemons and new, fresh chaos space marines from elsewhere in the galaxy that fought against an ever weakening and ever smaller number of Imperial Guard and space marines. Of sororitas cut down in their hundreds, whole missions gone awry and torn apart.<br/>
<br/>
Until the news that Cypra Mundi was under assault, this time from an entirely new front, not by the forces of Chaos, but by the alien. Greenskins under the leadership of the Arch-Dictator of Gathrog had unleashed themselves in vast numbers, threatening that most vital of bases for the Imperium in all of Segmentum Obscurus. That they were desperately requesting ships that they had sent to Cadia return to aid them lest they be overwhelmed entirely. Already smaller groups of castoffs had begun to filter into the Belis Corona system, inflaming the fight there further. Tyranids, Chaos, and greenskins all poured forth against one another, reducing Battlefleet Obscurus’ primary base to a single star system which just barely held out against the enemy. In stripping so many ships for one target, a half dozen more had been opened to the predations of the alien and the traitor.<br/>
<br/>
Worse news came when Abbadon revealed himself on the world of Cadia once more, ever more furious, such that he slew the finally returned Saint Celestine another time before being forced to retreat by the forces arrayed against him once more to the half of Cadia that remained within the grip of Chaos. He had not been slain alongside the Planet Killer, and for all a wonder his forces continued to move against the Imperium without any pause at all. New champions of Chaos rose to prominence as their elders died, and more daemons continued to spawn, feeding on the cornucopia of violence and turmoil unleashed. Occasionally, even, marines appeared from the rifts whose origin could not be conceived, time and space itself bending to the past and future. They too fought with all the ferocity that those who served the Dark Powers possessed. Against all of these and more, the Imperium fought and bled as it ever had, and ever would.<br/>
<br/>
The 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade ground on.</div>
  </body>
</html>