<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Seventeen)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Seventeen)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Plan Knowledge is Power<br/>
-[] Dedicate Forces To Defending Landing Zone Until Imperial Guard Finish Deploying (Everything not being sent to scout)<br/>
-[] Dedicate Forces To Advanced Recon/Scouting Of Cross-Continental Hive (15 Uninjured Marines, 5 Codiciers including Aneas, Epistolary Idmon)<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
New Meridian was a hellish place. All of the worst practices of the Imperium twisted and magnified further by the work of House Vandis and their loyalists over the course of over at thousand years. In an isolated system, all resources needed to be exploited appropriately. It was only made worse with the addition of Heretek-born techno-heresy. Corpse-starch was one thing, but the total abuse of the soul continued long after the body was exsanguinated and pulped in other purposes. It was only worsened by the indoctrination from before birth towards worship of the Dark Gods. For the vast majority, sacrifice was merely a part of life, it was proper, it was expected. Those few who resisted did not last long either, or else managed to hide it right up until the end, but the end came all the same. Rituals to summon and bind daemons. To be pulped and mashed within warp-based machinery to become fuel for daemon-engines or to keep the manufactorums functioning. To serve as sustenance for the most corrupted of the nobility. Even having spent time on Forge Worlds in the past, which were their own smoke-wreathed horrors, the planet was particularly horrific to set foot upon for a psyker.<br/>
<br/>
The Chapter Master could not have understood, no matter what the Chief Librarian had told him, Idmon knew. It was easier to speak as to the difficulty of finding Vandis because of baffles or misdirection, rather than try to explain what it was to be forced to listen to the screams of a billion souls as they were steadily ground down, digested, or consumed outright. Many were echoes of echoes, fragments of fragments, but every moment, every single second, more fully formed souls were thrust into the Immaterium from sudden and unexpected deaths. Those without the cursed blessing of the psyker mutation could perhaps think of it as looking through an auspex and getting a return for so many overlapping contacts that it appeared a single mass, something akin to a tyranid swarm. But it would not be the same, because the psyker would have to contend with those billion souls and their individual, completely unique, personalized pleas and screams. Those who had fallen into a vat of molten metals. Those exposed to toxic gasses. Those dying of starvation and sickness. Those who had gone proudly to the sacrifice, only to scream in pain as the truth of their ‘blessed reward’ revealed itself as they were torn to shreds.<br/>
<br/>
It was, quite literally, maddening.<br/>
<br/>
And yet they could not shut it out, lest they be without warning should a foe approach or attempt to attack them through the Immaterium.<br/>
<br/>
Idmon ground his teeth at this before sighing and letting the frustration flow out of him. The task force was assembled, as were the codiciers who would be there to aid them in battle.<br/>
<br/>
“You have your assignments. Get to it,” he proclaimed. “Do not allow yourselves to be separated. Aeneas? With me.”<br/>
<br/>
The Epistolary and Codicier stalked forward alone as the scouts divided out and began their work.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Scouting: 65<br/>
<br/>
Defense: 96</b><br/>
<br/>
Kaius Jacobus could not inhale the fumes of burning promethium, but he could certainly feel them. The entire plateau was aflame, the fires from the various burning vehicles, the spilled tanks of promethium, and the bodies all mixed together to force out the green and black of the toxic and acidic fog. It didn’t actually purify the air, if anything it was making it worse, but his own armor and physiology was capable of withstanding it for a time. He holstered the flamer he bore and glanced around, nodding once in satisfaction with his hands on his hips as some of his fellow 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company marines saw to setting the last of the charges. This was the sort of work he was more accustomed to, and this only proved it. It was one thing to be put into position of Champion in a time of desperation, but his own skills and combat preferences did not lend themselves to single face to face combat in the name of a Company’s honor. He would have to petition Captain Tarkus to allow him to return to the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company after this, he knew. It was wrong to deprive the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> of a proper Champion simply because of prior desperation putting him into the position.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, this is Jacobus. Artillery company destroyed. We’ve destroyed their supplies as well and are planting explosives to remove this as a functional position for the future.”<br/>
<br/>
“Good work,” the Chapter Master’s voice dipped and raised oddly through the crackling vox. “That is the last of them. With the tunnels taken and now fortified into proper kill zones, our position is unassailable save for air support – the Guard has landed numerous vehicles for just such a purpose already.”<br/>
<br/>
Kaius shifted his weight as one of the broken basilisks exploded.<br/>
<br/>
“What of our scouts, Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
“We have reports of significant enemy movement, they are undoubtably aware of us. The commanders of Vandis’ forces are apparently accepting significant losses amongst their populace to shift their military strength towards us as quickly as possible.”<br/>
<br/>
Callous but likely effective, Kaius cursed silently.<br/>
<br/>
“Any more details?”<br/>
<br/>
“Concentrations of their specialized gene-soldiers that we have faced before,” came the disgusted response. “They match us in strength and speed, but they are mockeries of the Emperor’s holy work. Analysis has already shown they have effective lifetimes shorter than even Eversors, and yet they are deploying them in massive numbers. Worse, the enemy has deployed their own psykers, forcing our scouts back and out of enemy territory sooner than expected.”<br/>
<br/>
“We will return immediately then,” Kaius said quickly, a few curt hand gestures making the Blood Ravens around him form up.<br/>
<br/>
“That is well, we are issuing a general recall order to all battle brothers to prepare for the first thrust into the heart of the enemy – the Imperial Guard has landed their most elite elements to join us, as full deployment may well take days given their numbers.”<br/>
<br/>
The inability for the Imperial Guard, or at least the Adeptus Administratum, to keep Imperial Guard regiments to a regulated number was as confusing to Kaius as ever. Some regiments were but a few hundred strong, while others could be vastly larger. It simply depending on the planet, the sector, the Segmentum. At the very least he could take solace in the fact that the Meridian-based regiments were all raised from a hive world and furthermore actually had a standard set of numbers for full, half, and under strength. The former scout began moving at full speed through the toxic fog, combat knife burying itself in a beast twice his size that tried to rear up out of the muck without stopping his run.<br/>
<br/>
“I understand. We shall be there soon.”<br/>
<br/>
Less than a minute later they detonated the plateau behind them, removing the last bit of flat ground above the acidic fog line within artillery range of their occupied outposts.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================​</div><br/>
Gabriel shut off the vox as the Baneblades came roaring off of their transports, reactors fully awakened and pulsing. Their victory pennants and marks were on full display as their lead tank rumbled forward at high speed before coming to a sudden halt, one of its sponson weapons a foot away from clipping Gabriel. The cupola swung open and then slammed shut after Colonel Stubbs revealed herself, the veteran daughter of the famous General and Governor Vance Stubbs now wearing a sealed environmental suit, complete with helmet and respirator. She glanced around the defense laser compound and nodded once before looking down to Gabriel, her wrist-mounted storm bolters missing for the moment.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master. You’ve done some work down here.”<br/>
<br/>
“In the Emperor’s name, we have, and yet more remains to be done,” Gabriel said, looking up at her. “We have some initial scouting reports, but we cannot wait forever. The warp tear is sealing itself, ever so slowly, and yet even now the enemy is reorienting itself and allowing many of its people to die to do so.”<br/>
<br/>
A noise of disgust escaped the woman’s throat.<br/>
<br/>
“Wasteful,” she grunted. “But effective at the same time. Do we have a plan?”<br/>
<br/>
“There is,” he said before looking away, “I am not pleased with it.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh?” She sounded bemused.<br/>
<br/>
“My Blood Ravens can move more swiftly and effectively on our own, seeking out logistical and command centers to analyze the flow of information and orders more directly,” he said, looking now to see as a number of new Imperial Guard platoons emerged on chimeras and salamanders, the armored personnel carriers revving their engines as they moved to clear the space. “In the meantime, the enemy must remain focused elsewhere.”<br/>
<br/>
“Ah,” the Colonel said while lifting her chin. “And so, who better to grasp and hold the attention of the Great Enemy than the teeming masses of the Imperial Guard.”<br/>
<br/>
“It is a distasteful plan, I am aware,” Gabriel shook his head, looking down for a moment. “But with Vandis hiding like a coward, and his own psykers and sorcerers working to prevent our own from locating him…,”<br/>
<br/>
“I did not say that it was a plan without merit,” she chided calmly, making him look back up at her. “This is not my first war. A Guardsman’s duty is to die and die well. Our lives, noble or otherwise, are meant to be spent – it is simply a matter of whether they are spent needlessly or not.”<br/>
<br/>
The Kauravan tapped her foot along the hull as she paced for a moment.<br/>
<br/>
“We cannot hope to fight them with this as an island, we have far too many troops for that. We must advance into the hive itself and chain our FOBs forward,” she said as she moved. “And the more space we open up for ourselves, the greater our ability to command the enemy’s attention, correct?”<br/>
<br/>
“That was the assumption, yes,” Gabriel said, shifting slightly as a new group of Valkyrie transports almost slammed into the ground at high speed before shoving out new platoons of soldiers and then shooting up in the atmosphere again.<br/>
<br/>
“Hrmph. The Inquisitorial Stormtroopers might do the sort of work you're talking about, but they won’t deploy without the Inquisitor’s permission and she’s still in a coma after her emergency surgery and the daemon that manifested in the operating theater,” she growled. “No. It is a workable plan, Chapter Master. Brutal. Hard. But quite likely direly necessary.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel opened his mouth to speak and then shut it again. Was there another way? The Blood Ravens did not care for heedless jumping into battle like some Chapters. It was, generally, far more effective to analyze, to reconnoiter, to study, and then to strike with a plan that was formulated with all possible data. But they had no time for that. It was an emergency deployment, essentially, relying on speed and boldness more than anything else. It was, he thought bitterly, Tartarus all over again, where he had lost a third of his company in the last few hours, first defending Magna Bonum, then to Isador, and then to Sindri.<br/>
<br/>
But then again, he had been victorious on Tartarus, though it had become a hollow one in retrospect.<br/>
<br/>
This time…he swore to himself that he would do better. As such, even now, he thought over the plan, the methods, the ideas, trying to always seek the best possible path forward to reach Vandis. Some of the wounded Blood Ravens had been seen to, as best as could be done. Others were still not yet ready. At the least, honorable Tomb-Brother Nathan was once more fully functional, and the minor damage sustained by his fellow dreadnoughts had been repaired as well. Even so, none of them, not even Captain Thule, would be able to keep up if they committed to the plan, and would have to be left behind to fight alongside the Imperial Guard. It was not, he knew, the worst possible fate. Despite the unpleasantness on Kronus, Captain Thule respected the Imperial Guard well enough.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well," Gabriel inhaled deeply, letting the toxins be filtered out entirely. "Let us to it."<br/>
<br/>
<u>Chapter Master Choices</u><br/>
<i>Moratorium 3 Hours</i><br/>
[] Deep Searching: Allow the Imperial Guard to take the brunt of the enemy attentions as the Blood Ravens seek out enemy command positions and logistics strongholds to seek to analyze the flow of information and - more importantly - control. Find Vandis, or at the least enemy commanders who can then have their own centers searched, or be interrogated themselves. The dreadnoughts, being incapable of such rapid high speed movement, will stay behind and help fight alongside the Imperial Guard.<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In A Different Plan<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury [Minor Damage]<br/>
2 Escorts (1 Gladius, 1 Hunter Destroyer) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed, Shield Arrays At 15%, Extreme Hull Damage] <b>DANGER: Litany of Fury will require significant attentions at a Mechanicus Shipyard for repairs. Any notable damage may disable ship in permanency. </b><br/>
SC Rage of Erudition [Minor Damage]<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist [Minor Damage]<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces Capable of Combat:</u><br/>
9 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+11 Codiciers, 6 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
35 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 2 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Apothecaries/Tech-Priests Working On Below</u><br/>
1 Codicier Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
4 Lexicanum Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
1 1st Company Marine Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Batttle<br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (+2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (+18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (+50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (+10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
3 5th Company Marines (6 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor/Troop Transport Compliment Down By 90%, Bomber Compliment At 100%)<br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
4 Frigates (Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<b>All Void Armsmen Utilized In Boarding Lost (Remaining Void Armsmen Now Depleted To Severely Understrength Levels)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [1 Regiment's Worth of Casualties Evenly Spread Amongst The 5 Infantry Regiments]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [1/3 Casualties Sustained] <b>Will Not Deploy Without Inquisitorial Order</b></li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified) (Moderate Damage)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
6 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Over A Hundred Hydra Flak Tanks And Anti-Aircraft Specced Manticore Tanks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 Soul-Tortured Defense Monitor Cruisers [800,000~ Crew Total]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">120,000~ New Meridian Vandian Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">4,010,000~ New Meridian Vandian Guard</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15,000,000~ New Meridian Conscripts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">30,000,000~ New Meridian Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">500,000~ Saharduin (Piscean Warriors, Alien Crew Members, Engineer Caste, Blood Shamans, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reaverlord Carnax, Khornate Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Grand Hunter Hraxe, Slaaneshi Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Admiral Maximilian Vandis, New Meridian Defense Fleet Commander</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">New Meridian Defense Defense Fleet: Estimated Crews At 10,000,000 (Including All Ships, Orbital Stations, Shipyard)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Masters of Forge-Hives, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>