<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 11: Shedding Blood</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 11: Shedding Blood</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Upon Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X]Plan Youth is the Future<br/>
-[X] Target An Aerus Daemonforge - One of the tainted manufactorums which continually spill out a mixture of random possessed machinery, horrific cybernetic monstrosities, etc. behind the ‘enemy lines’ which are currently fighting against the streaming hordes of Skitarii. Marcus is planning to lead the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company in a strike deep into enemy lines to destroy the closest to the Skitarii Lines.<br/>
--[X]Have Justinius Probalis scry the Daemonforge, find us the best way in to the heart of the damned place)<br/>
--[X]Gabriel + Apollo, Rogal's Fist to Apollo, Pistol of Baal to Gabriel<br/>
--[X]5th Company w/ 6x Meltaguns, 4x Plasma Guns, 4x Flamers, 4x Stormbolters, 30x Combat Shields, Gift of the Seraphim to Kaius Jacobus<br/>
--[X]Vindicator, 2 Predators, All the Razorbacks (we should have 3 of the Twin-linked plasma cannon + Lascannon variants now), Rhinos, <i>Litany of Purgation</i> and enough assault bikes so everyone coming is mounted.<br/>
--[X]Marcus remains in command of the overall force<br/>
-[X] Patrol the Reclaimed Zone - Is subject to regular ambushes, machine creature infiltrators, mutated creatures appearing through ruined sewers and pipes. This will free up the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>Meridian, while allowing the Mechanicus to work with better ease at restoring the area, building up their own defenses, etc.<br/>
--[X]Assign unused Tarantula turrets to support the 1st Meridian, to be deployed where they see fit.<br/>
-[X] Assign Ares Actus, your newest Chaplain, to a Company. (1st)<br/>
-[X] Search amongst the neophytes and scouts for any with the potential to become an Apothecary.<br/>
-[X] Search amongst the neophytes and scouts for any with the potential to become a Techmarine.<br/>
-[X] Search amongst the neophytes and scouts for any with the potential to become a Chaplain.<br/>
-[X]Find out how dangerous the Hrud infestation has become. Go personally if needed.<br/>
-[X] Agility<br/>
-[X] Toughness<br/>
--[X] Tarkus<br/>
-[X] Implant all 45 late-stage Neophytes with gene-seed<br/>
-[X] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. [11]<br/>
-[X] Build Order (250 BP Available)<br/>
--[X]2x Thunder Hammers (230)<br/>
--[X]6x Power Fists(200)<br/>
--[X]Land Raider Crusader [200/400 BP] (0)<br/>
-[X] Set up the world of Junius to be a proper Recruiting World for the Chapter. Further train the 10th Company while there, in the hopes of advancing them further. This is required for Blood Trials in the future.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Shedding Blood<br/>
+007.M42+<br/>
+<i>Honor The Imperium</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
“It is…disgusting,” Justinius finally grunts out as he slowly rises from the ritual circle, surrounded by the pitifully few numbers of the once many fierce Librarians that your Chapter once boasted. “Daemons of spite and fury have infected its very bones down to the steel and foundations, even the electricity that courses through its veins are tainted.”<br/>
<br/>
The Librarius of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> was once the grandest in the Chapter, and you suppose it still might, but there is the lingering suspicion of pitfalls left behind in both the real and unreal by its long association with Kyras. As it is, your Chief Librarian has gathered almost all of the Librarians left to the Chapter to assist him in scrying into the surface of a world blanketed in Chaotic energies where the stark and cool presence of the Adeptus Mechanicus remains.<br/>
<br/>
“But we see a path,” the newest Codicier speaks up from where he remains kneeling, hands pressed against the deck plates. “Both for us and the first company to push through. The parts of the world that are uncleansed, some of it is corrupted by things simply mundane. Fierce enough to fight off encroaching metal beasts with minds they should never have had, but not so much for the mailed fist of the Emperor’s fury.”<br/>
<br/>
“Nero is correct,” Justinius nods in the direction of the blind yet seeing Librarian. “It will nonetheless be hard, and the very nature of this world’s tainted territories make it difficult to pierce the veil perfectly.”<br/>
<br/>
“It will have to be enough,” you say as you turn towards the doors. “We shall return to the planet post-haste, then to join up with Captain Marcus.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================<br/>​</div>“Burn you mongrel creatures! BURN!” you hear the telltale voice of Jacobus bellowing as the marines of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> company spew fire of literal, melta, and bolter varieties down the throats of the charging beasts.<br/>
<br/>
There are too many to even properly describe, so varied are the mutants that burst from the metallic wilderness all around you. From ancient sewer pipes that have become filth choked dens for these nesting beasts they erupt from all around you, only to run up against the steely fury of the Blood Ravens. Few even get close enough to be granted the dubious honor of melee combat against the Angels of Death, and of those even fewer survive contact with yourself, Apollo, or others who bear weapons for such work rather than the noble bolter.<br/>
<br/>
From up ahead, the bellowing and yet comforting hate-filled voice of Ares Actus booms out as he smashes a creature that looks to be a mix between ancient terran ursine and bovine put together with far too many horns and legs. The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company rallies around he and their Captain both as they push forward through organic muck mixing with the rusting floor of the Forgeworld’s ancient pockmarked skin. To be sure, the blasting beams of searing light that erupt from the <i>Litany of Purgation</i> do even more damage to the creatures, but that does not stop you from seeing one of the newest members of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, arriving from the ministrations of Cyrus, from being leapt upon by a simply massive pile of smaller creatures that only come up to a knee individually.<br/>
<br/>
Roaring defiance, you push forward, smashing away the creatures with each blow of <i>Godsplitter</i>, but by the time you have cleared them out the marine is most certainly mortally wounded. As if summoned by some unseen signal, the gore slathered Constantius appears from out of the melee of combat, the white of his armor almost invisible beneath it all. There are no words to be said, save that the Apothecary clucks his tongue once in annoyance as he begins to go about his own surgical ministrations. You are turning away to guard over him even as his saw begins to whir and the shunting hiss of his sacred device activates.<br/>
<br/>
“Will he live?” you grunt as you batter into a nondescript <i>thing</i> with armor plates that could have been a combat shield on their own.<br/>
<br/>
“In a dreadnought shell, yes,” the Apothecary of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company replies tersely, “But his wounds are too severe otherwise, not with his spinal cord and the brain’s tissues…,” he mutters something that you cannot hear beneath his breath, “Went in straight through the eyes, both of them…into the….no, I am sorry Chapter Master, but these are his last moments outside of a shell.”<br/>
<br/>
“Damnation,” you roar before pushing forward and utilizing the incredible strength granted by the terminator armor you wear to simply lift up one of the creatures and slam it down so that you can stomp it to death.<br/>
<br/>
It is then that your comm bead crackles.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, the daemonforge is up ahead! We are moving towards it, can you guard our rear and flanks!?” Marcus calls out, the sounds of battle echoing now twice as loud in your head.<br/>
<br/>
“Of course, Captain. Good hunting,” you call back before returning to your own work.<br/>
<br/>
All around you, ‘The Fated’ fight gloriously, and all the same slowly begin to pull back to form a static defense. Why Boreale, your own student, would fail to accept the utility of such things, is beyond you. Yet the anger and shame at what your failure as a teacher, in creating such a student, is a cold one by now. You cannot allow such doubt to cloud your mind, and so put it aside so that you can continue to fight alongside your brothers.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You…shall…all…die!”</b> a more welcome voice intrudes upon your morose thoughts, focusing you just as well.<br/>
<br/>
Davian Thule’s mind was worried to be forever clouded by the toxins of the tyranids. But in the years since the purge it had slowly recovered more and more as time went on. By now, fighting alongside the rest of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company as they formed up into a loose shield against the enraged creatures that stomped, twisted, slithered, and bounced out to face you. It is such a sight that heartens you further as he uses his great bulk to shift such that it blocks a series of acid-dripping spines launched by some snake-like creature or another before it screams as it is set aflame by the relic flamer born by Kaius. Indeed, perhaps ironically, the stretch of Aerus that you worked to push through in order to reach the daemonforge at all had managed to fight off the more mechanical denizens of this place, but you crashed through them in a tide of metal that would do even the Iron Hand proud.<br/>
<br/>
A land raider, the vindicator, your razorbacks and two predators, as well as far more assault bikes. Though you cannot ride atop one, many more can, able to weave in and out of danger as they unleash the righteous cleansing death that you have brought to this place. All is not perfect, of course. As one small formation of the assault bike ride past you, some bearing members of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company and others of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, a twin-tailed scorpion creature pushes to the fore amongst the more porcine squealing creatures ahead of it. With a stab forward that defies natural evolution with its speed, one of the assault bikes is stabbed through the middle and tearing into the rider’s leg at the same time – piercing so deep as to hit the second as well through the bike itself. With a grunt, you watch – busied with a trio of charging primate-esque monsters almost reminding you of jakaero – as the marine instead merely roars with fury and a cry to the Emperor before stabbing his combat knife into the tail itself, letting it drag him up into the air and towards it as it pulls bike and prey towards its gullet.<br/>
<br/>
An instant passes, as you sweep your hammer forward to obliterate the chest of another creature, and when you look back again the now legless marine has hacked off the impaled appendages and falls forward into its chittering mouth, a bandolier of grenades held in one hand. It is to your surprise, then, when he twists so that only said arm is delivered into its mouth. The resulting explosion shreds both the head and thorax of the creature and sends the marine flying now sans that same arm into a heap nearby, landing atop another pile of scrap, a broken shard of some sort of metal stabbing up and through his ceramite armor to impale him through the stomach.<br/>
<br/>
Then he sits up, grasps the metal spike, and snaps it.<br/>
<br/>
“APOTHECARY!” the marine bellows, more anger than pain in his voice.<br/>
<br/>
Up ahead, there is the sound of a daemonic bellow which echoes so far back that you can hear it, as well as the responding scream of Marcus and all those who he leads. Another blink, another slain beast, bolters booming all around you, and Constantius has returned to your sight, at the side of the marine who you find yourself observing with a fraction of your attention while the rest remains concerned with the battle at hand.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Ateren,” the apothecary greets, “How may I-,”<br/>
<br/>
“SEAL MY WOUNDS! THE EMPEROR’S FURY REQUIRES YET MORE DELIVERING UNTO THE FOE!”<br/>
<br/>
With but one limb remaining, Ateren is thus dragged into the line, holding a bolter in one hand as he hops forward to find a better position amongst those that bear combat shields and bolters in a quasi-shield wall to prevent more of the enraged abominations from charging into the rear of Marcus’ task force. All the while he screams utter obscenities towards the enemy, besmirching their honor, existence, lack of souls, and appearance in one almost ceaseless stream of hatred.<br/>
<br/>
In point of fact, he is not the only marine that you have paid attention to throughout this fight. For it is true more often than not that in the crucible of battle that many things can be discerned that more ‘peaceful’ observation cannot quite match. For one, this Brother Ateren, of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. In another moment, a Brother Caesar who angrily yet quickly managed to stabilize one of his brothers from what would surely have been a crippling injury without any aid from Constantius. Of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, one of the newest recruits from Cyrus demonstrated a bolter of higher than average firing rate, something quietly noted to you by Apollo as he bore the noble <i>Rogal’s Fist</i> to punch his way through the enemy with high speed. A moments interrogation mid-fight during one breath from the next brings you the knowledge that he modified it himself, though he paled at the thought of having committed tech-heresy in doing so.  Apparently the boy was once a blacksmith’s apprentice on his homeworld before attending the Blood Trials.<br/>
<br/>
Here, now, upon Aerus, you scour your own Chapter for those vital members for filling ranks beyond that of a battle brother. And here, now, upon Aerus, you have found them. These, along with those that Cyrus tells you of, grants a sliver of hope for the future of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor!” the vox crackles once more, and you feel the earth around you tremble as a great many explosives go off, one after another at the site of the daemonforge.<br/>
<br/>
Smoke stacks that forever plumed out acrid smoke whose color changed daily and by the minute begin to crumple in amongst themselves. While the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company held the line, the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company plunged deep into the belly of the most certainly sentient beast that was the daemonforge, and from the sheer amount of explosives you can feel still rippling outward, they succeeded in their course to destroy the thing.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, the issue then, is punching your way back towards the Mechanics lines. Luckily, you have already torn to shreds much of the route that you passed through and shall now pass through once again.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================<br/>
[Training With Apollo – Agility From 4 to 5: 419+5+Apollo(29)+(Turn 8/9 Apollo Retroactive of 29+29)=511/600]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Toughness: 445+12+Tarkus(25)= 482/600]<br/>​</div>The tale of fighting endless waives of mutated and possessed servitors, animalistic machines given unholy life, and more, is one that is proudly enshrined within the annals of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. At the same time, the noble holding action of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company which allowed their brothers to commit all of their strength at once is held with equal regard. All are proud of the work that was done, even at the injuries and casualties taken by very many in the fight. Of them all, only one was reduced to being interred within a dreadnought, but of that there are still injuries aplenty which remain. Your much reduced apothecarium certainly is in dire need of repopulation, and it is now that you focus your efforts upon it.<br/>
<br/>
While you spar and train, the Chapter along with you, much work is done within the hands of your apothecaries. The greatest implantation of all your gene-seed is done, and you find yourself remarkably calm about the fact that you in doing so have removed the vast majority of your remaining gene-seed from being used for any other purpose. It is a dangerous gamble, and yet at the same time you can take heart in the test-slave cloning chambers that you are making access of. While the gene-seed they produce will be unseasoned, for lack of a better word, you know well that the galaxy will happily provide foes for such things to be dealt with by blood and war.<br/>
<br/>
The remainder are equally put once more into the Test-Slaves, another half a decade to pass before harvesting is possible.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div>Martellus quietly chanted to himself as he began to fit the chassis together, each part of the holy vehicle who he had been bid to construct requiring ritual purification and blessings before being fit together. Yet it was something that he was more than glad to partake in. To craft such a vehicle for the service of the Omnissiah, the Emperor, and truly the Imperium as a whole, was not just a duty, it was an honor. And so he continued to go about his work. While his personal affection for the wondrous protection that a few good turrets could create was strong, he could not afford even the slightest of failure when producing this vehicle. Too much was lost thanks to the traitors, and what could not be recovered would have to be rebuilt or built anew entirely.<br/>
<br/>
And so Martellus went about his holy work, finished with his other orders far sooner than any others might have expected.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================​</div> <br/>
“And this shall be the place where the Blood Trials take place,” Cyrus murmured, pressing a few more buttons into the data-slate before placing it back onto its clip at his side. “Begin the construction,” he swept his hands out, and from behind him the servitors and serfs moved forward.<br/>
<br/>
The world was a strong one, tough. Its population was pure, as near as he could tell, though any who came from here would require of course strong testing by the apothecaries. They could not have passed all this time with a world filled with daemons and tainted by the warp within the same solar system without some taint that even he could not see. Across the world, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had already spread out, testing themselves against its brutal and icy environment while observing the denizens of the planet already for potentials to refill the ranks. Some might have accepted laxer standards, but he would not compromise on them.<br/>
<br/>
Never again.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">Acquiring information on the nearby Hrud threat is not hard. The Imperial Guard and Navy of the Sector are not quite used to dealing with such a threat in such numbers. Yet they fight well, as far as the reports go. Astropaths carrying discrete communications as you go through what channels you can inform you quite well of the lumbering yet admittedly powerful movements and assaults of the Guard as they land in the infested area. The short lives of thousands of Guardsmen have already been snuffed out not by the uncanny weaponry of the vile xenos but by the strange entropic energies that they carry with them, yet they push on. For a moment you thought that the Blood Ravens might have been required to give aid in some measure or another, but whether by due to the great stain on your honor and reputation that you still carry with you or some other reason, they have instead asked and received the aid of the Order of the Lost Rosetta. With them on the battlefield it is vastly unlikely that your aid would be accepted whatsoever. Nevertheless, the infestation grew strong without much intervention, and if the Imperials and Sisters of Battle should fail or falter, you must be ready to purify the xenos if need be.​</div> <br/>
<u><b>006.M42 Into 007.M42 Results:</b></u><br/>
- 1 Marine of 5th Company interred in dreadnought frame. Brother Nathan. <b>+1 Gene-Seed Recovered/-1 Dreadnought Chassis</b><br/>
- 1st Company Veteran Brother Ateren shows Chaplain Potential, 1st Company Veteran Brother Caesar shows Apothecary Potential, 5th Company Brother Hestior shows Techmarine Potential<br/>
- 4 Apothecary-Potential Scout [2nd Stage] located, 1 Techmarine-Potential Scout [2nd Stage] located, No Chaplain Potentials located within Scouts/Neophytes<br/>
- 10 1st Company Veterans badly injured. <b>Wounds Healed By Start Of Turn 008.M42</b><br/>
- 20 Scout Marines [1st Stage] advance, 15 to [2nd Stage], Remainder expired. <b>+5 Gene-Seed Recovered</b><br/>
- Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage] advance to Lexicani x2 within Librarium.<br/>
- Psyker Neopytes [1st Stage] advances to [2nd Stage]<br/>
- 1 Aerus Daemonforge destroyed.<br/>
- 45 Neophytes [1st Stage] implanted with Gene-Seed, allowing advancement to [2nd Stage]. 9 Expire. 4 Neophytes began displaying psyker talents upon full implantation to [2nd] Stage, transforming to Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage]. <b>-45/+9 Gene-Seed Lost/Recovered.</b><br/>
- 11 Test-Slaves implanted for harvesting at a later date. <b>-11 Gene-Seed. Test-Slave Harvest In 012.M42</b><br/>
- 002.M42 Test-Slave Batch Finishes Gestation! <b>+34 Gene-Seed Acquired, Remainder Failed/Degenerated/Mutated/Etc.</b><br/>
- Brother Tarion, Augustine, Ravias, and Antonius have all completed their Chaplain training. They may now be assigned as you see fit.<br/>
- Brother Medici has completed his Apothecary training. He can be assigned as you see fit.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Aerus Warfare Decisions (45% of Aerus Reclaimed/Reclaimed Area rated as Extremis-grade Defenses By Mechanicus/Orbital Drop,Thunderhawk Transport Allowed Within Reclaimed Territory Due To Lack of Daemon-slaved AA Batteries):</u><br/>
[] Patrol the Reclaimed Zone - Is subject to semi-regular ambushes, machine creature infiltrators, mutated creatures appearing through ruined sewers and pipes. Recent aid by way of the numerous turrets of the Chapter's forges being put to use has greatly assisted in this. The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>Meridian's morale is on the rise, as it can patrol without assured casualties every single hour now.  The Mechanicus has been able to work with better ease at restoring the area, building up their own defenses, etc. Marcus is planning to lead half of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company in a thorough patrol through this area instead of heading out otherwise, due to the casualties that his forces took already. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Target An Aerus Daemonforge - One of the tainted manufactorums which continually spill out a mixture of random possessed machinery, horrific cybernetic monstrosities, etc. behind the ‘enemy lines’ which are currently fighting against the streaming hordes of Skitarii.  (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Break Mad Machine Mass, a grouping of insane tanks and armored carriers whose Machine Spirits have gone mad and are traveling as one mass and attacking everyone and everything they can, heading straight for the Skitarii Lines. One that spawned from seemingly nothing deeper within the hostile territory of Aerus is driving ever closer to the Skitarii Lines. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Attack Abominable Quasi-Titan – Aerus did not have a Titan Legion on its own, but apparently it’s twisted ghosts are determined to produce their own. Out of daemonflesh, rusted cable, and random scrap and weaponry scattered across the land, are titan-sized creatures crafted by mad machine spirits and corrupted programming. They are rare, but especially dangerous. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Join The Lines - The Skitarii are currently in a seemingly endless back and forth with the rest of Aerus. While the penetrating spearhead strikes of the Blood Ravens have prevented the stalemate from falling in the wrong direction, some front-line assistance for properly equipped dreadnoughts and terminators could likely assist the Mechanicus forces in pushing further forward in general. With your own vehicles, and heavy weaponry, this could be made possible. The further the line stretches and expands, the better it will be for all. And at the least, you would not be sending astartes into enemy territory and instead they would be fighting alongside allies. Another half of the 1st Company led by Ares Actus is shifting towards this theater of the battlefield to slay and fight. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Recall Brothers In The Deathwatch<br/>
- (Specify In Write-In)<br/>
[] Assign one of your new Chaplains to 5th and 10th Company.<br/>
[] Shift 1st Company Veteran Brother Ateren into Chaplain training, 1st Company Veteran Brother Caesar into Apothecary training, 5th Company Brother Hestior into Techmarine training.<br/>
[] Promote the 4 Apothecary-Potential Scouts [2nd Stage] into Apothecarium training and the 1 Techmarine-Potential Scout [2nd Stage] into Techmarine training.<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
[] Agility<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed.<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it must be specified that they do so.<br/>
- You have access to a number of veterans who could impart their knowledge and skills upon your ranks, an especially important thing now that it is likely that many scouts will soon be promoted to full battle brothers. Not just in one way, but more. You have the exceptional battle brothers for it, after all.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium really does need more, well, Apothecaries. The Companies we have should not be without! Especially on Aerus!<br/>
- In <b>112.M42</b>, 22 Gene-Seed should be available from the Test-Slaves.<br/>
<b>- Gracchus is currently studying the gene-seed of the Blood Ravens, to perhaps improve survival rates for implantation.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (250 BP Available)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- I could use a few more peers in the forges. Or at least subordinates.<br/>
- We need a bit of everything when it comes to equipment these days.<br/>
- Some of our most constant foes are the most numerous - orks, tyranids, the denizens of Chaos. Further firepower could surely assist, and one of the best examples of this are the Tarantula Turrets.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Set up Blood Trials upon the world of Junius, to recruit Aspirants so that your Chapter may one day be replenished fully.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.</div>
  </body>
</html>