<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Fourteen)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Fourteen)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan: Scourge the Heretic and Cast Down His Works (Simpler Fire Ships and Avoiding Scuttling Charges Revision)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-[] Use Saharduin Ships: Write-In Which Ships Go After Which Targets<br/>
--[] 1 Fire Ship will lead to try to wipe out the first wave(s) of attack craft from the Devastation-classes and clear the way.<br/>
--[] 3 Ram Fireships target Shipyard.<br/>
--[] 1 Vortex Ship targets Retaliator-class Grand Cruiser, unless the Grand Cruiser is separate from the rest of the enemy fleet for some reason in which case it will target the center of the enemy fleet instead. Vortex Ship follows the Ram Ships in as the trailing member of their formation before letting them pull ahead to enact their mission without getting swallowed up in the detonation. However the key priority is ensuring a successful and effective detonation of the Vortex Ship, even if the Ram Ships get swallowed up in that too, so if there appears to be any serious risk to the Vortex Ship from waiting for them it should detonate right away instead.<br/>
--[] 2 Fire Ships will target the flanks of the enemy fleet formation (1 to each flank) as the Ram Ships and the Vortex Ship plunge into the middle of it, again prioritizing Cruisers, especially the Devastation-Classes.<br/>
--[] 3 Fire Ships are held back for targets of opportunity or later planetary bombardment if nothing sufficiently attractive presents itself.<br/>
-[] Try Something More Nuanced: the Strike Cruisers and Battle Barge will split from the Imperial Navy elements of the fleet.<br/>
--[] SCs, Battle Barge, and Adrastia's custom Vengeance-class Grand Cruiser will load up on void armsmen and inquisitorial stormtroopers again as we did when capturing the Saharduin ships, and will close in following the Saharduin ships being used as per above. The SCs will fire bombardment cannons at the orbital defense stations, prioritizing the Torpedo Defense stations. After whatever happens with the Ram/Vortex/Fire Ships they will assess the remaining targets and launch boarding operations, priority order on surviving enemy as follows: Retaliator-class Grand Cruiser, Lunar-class Cruisers, Devastation-class Cruisers, Small Orbital Shipyard, Laser Defense Stations. Priority for weapons fire is: Torpedo Defense Stations, Retaliator-class Grand Cruiser, Lunar-class Cruisers, Devastation-class Cruisers, Small Orbital Shipyard, Laser Defense Stations. Except that the Torpedo/Laser Defense Stations and the Shipyard (if it survives the Ram Ships with enough weapons to be threatening) will take immediate priority for bombardment cannon fire. The SCs and Battle Barge may pull away to merge with the rest of the fleet after disgorging boarders as may be advisable to preserve the ships.<br/>
--[] Imperial Navy and Blood Ravens escorts will hang back at long-to-medium range but will launch as many attack craft to accompany the SCs and Battle Barge, and to shoot down torpedoes etc. targeting the Saharduin ships (while "safe" to do so, i.e. it's not a suicide mission) as feasible. Priority will be given to defending the Vortex Ship out of the converted Saharduin ships being used.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
“God-Emperor watch over us as we strive through the void,” Graves intoned, his voice carried through the fleet-wide vox. “For we are his Imperial Navy, and we bring his fire through, to, and to surpass the darkness!”<br/>
<br/>
Opposing them, the guardian fleet of New Meridian spread out, the blasphemous iconography scrawled across their hulls proudly on display. The very sight of them made Graves sick to his stomach. Some of those ships had surely had to have been built in some sacrilegious shipyard or another, perhaps in some of those in the very system they now fought to purge, but some were not so lucky. No, it was the others, though by now the corruption within and without made it impossible to tell, that had once been noble vessels of the Imperial Navy which infuriated him most. Who had faltered, there? The Mechanicus, in building them with some unforeseen faults in their Gellar generators? The lower deck crews, corrupted in the darkness there in their dreams? Or was it the officers themselves, they who should have been the stewards of their ships, not just in the matter of the body but of the soul? Some. None. All. It didn’t matter. The Imperial Guard here came from Meridian, and their grudge was plainly with those on the planet below. The Blood Ravens too, winnowed and a thimble of what they used to be, no doubt glared with gimlet eyes upon the current head of the disgraced traitor House of Vandis.<br/>
<br/>
Personally, the Admiral didn’t particularly care about any of that, insomuch as he felt all the righteous hate and disgust for heretics and traitors in a general sense that any loyal man of the Emperor should.<br/>
<br/>
But those ships?<br/>
<br/>
Those…facsimiles of true vessels, those barges of corruption, those mirror falsehoods given steel and gun and engine?<br/>
<br/>
“Absolutely disgusting,” he murmured to himself before straightening in his command throne. “All hands! Prepare for long range bombardment and continual salvos. I don’t want to see a single lance stop firing until I say so! Pilots, get to your ships, deck crews, ensure continual rotation!” He slammed a fist down onto the armrest. “I want every single one of those foul amalgams of metal and corruption destroyed!”<br/>
<br/>
Engines flared, turrets rotated, and the Blood Ravens surged ahead as agreed upon beforehand, stuffed full of every additional armsmen available. The Saharduin ships, vile as they were, clustered within the Astartes naval formation.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Saharduin Vanguard: 48 vs. 53</b><br/>
<br/>
The strike craft that boiled out of the Chaos ships crowded like insects before rushing forward, all four squadrons carried by each Devastation-class ship launched at once. Bombers and interceptors flew forward heedlessly, and whether it was because of their own speed or because of the slowness of transmission and follow through on the part of the slaved controls of the Saharduin ships, the first of the captured xeno ships erupted into a fireball of flames that only caught a small amount of them. Instead, the cloud of strike craft flew on, and immediately availed themselves upon the ships of the Blood Ravens and the Grand Cruiser of the Inquisitor Adrastia. Only a modicum of them struck at the Saharduin ships, the damage dealt non-negligible but non-fatal as well. The damage, however, threatened the continued functionality of the ships. It was not, of course, to say that the Imperial-controlled ships were defenseless. Automated point defenses activated and fired, joined by the more accurate and heavier fire from the Blood Raven ships and the Grand Cruiser that moved with them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Up Close 1: 72 vs. 54<br/>
Long Range 1: 73 vs. 63</b><br/>
<br/>
Both fleets shot past long and medium range at high speed, even as some of the Chaos vessels attempted to adjust their courses to remain distant. For all that they were crewed by heretics and madmen, the simple fact of the matter was that some of the enemy ships were less capable when it came to short range combat. This, of course, was precisely what the Imperials were counting on as they plunged directly into the enemy formation. The Devastation-class cruisers had allowed their peers to move forward, leaving them more safely behind and able to fire their lance arrays at will. All of this, however, was accomplished in the blink of an eye as bombardment shells landed on the static orbital defense arrays, weapons meant to crack planetary fortresses or destroy army formations instead erupting amidst the many tons of metal that made up the enemy defenses.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Saharduin Vanguard 2: 40 vs. 28<br/>
Ramming Effectiveness: 70</b><br/>
<br/>
Perhaps it was this that allowed some of the Saharduin ships to slip away from the fierceness of the ongoing battle, the heavy plasma barrages by the Grand Cruiser so bright as to obscure the auspex with sensor bloom. Or perhaps it was the work of the Imperial Navy remaining at range with long range macrocannon and lance salvoes, their addition of their own strike craft to the ongoing battle ensuring that none of the enemy squadrons could be split off. Regardless, even as the defenses of the enemy shipyard came online. Defense laser blasts from the planet below shot upwards, striking the underside of the Saharduin ships, but though some of them were openly damaged, their engines were not. As such, all three managed to forge forward at full speed, burning fuel reserves and overloading reactors beyond safety levels to accomplish the last task they would ever perform.<br/>
<br/>
They struck, in the end, like a barbed and heavy trident, digging deep and tearing through bulkheads and decks by simple virtue of weight and speed. The New Meridian shipyard was not the magnificent creation that had once hung over the now crumbling world of Opus Maxima, it was indeed smaller by far. Nevertheless, in order to service the defense fleet as well as regularly perform maintenance on the orbital stations there, it had been intended as a doughty strategic emplacement. That time, within approximately five minutes of the battle’s true beginning, was ended forever as it was shorn almost in half, with a mere scattering of piping and tortured sheets of metal keeping its pieces together. The Saharduin ships assigned to the task did not survive the impacts, their strained reactors detonating violently, which in turn set off those of the shipyard itself.<br/>
<br/>
The resulting chain reaction was considerable, a sight that would have been visible from almost anywhere on New Meridian were it not for the toxic smog and clouds which clung to its upper atmosphere.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Up Close 2: 84 vs. 45<br/>
Long Range 2: 21 vs. 87<br/>
Flanking Ramming Effectiveness: 15<br/>
Vortex Ramming Effectiveness: 71<br/>
Warp Tear Consequences: 50 </b><br/>
<br/>
Torpedoes and physical munitions twisted through space, storms of fire erupting when they managed to strike true against hulls rather than erupting against void shields. The ships of the Blood Ravens never ceased moving, never ceased adjusting their positions, rotating upon the axis of their flight paths. The sheer intensity of the close-range fighting resulted in several frustrated gunners remaining at long range on the part of the Imperial Navy rapidly and continually having to readjust firing solutions or cancel fire missions outright. The shifting of the void battle meant that the risk of friendly fire was not only present but acted upon more than once to the detriment of those who were immediately hauled off of their consoles and places to be disciplined and replaced by others. The enemy ships, however, were far less caring about this, and so willingly burned holes through the hulls of some of their own ships in order to accomplish a strike upon one Imperial ship or another. A few metric tons of armor plating upon the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> were blasted apart, the venerable Grand Cruiser somewhat more static in her positioning than the Blood Raven ships. This, however, was merely so that targeting solutions could be acted upon, and thus allow Battleship-grade plasma volleys to tear through void shields and into the ships beneath. Still, despite remaining back to reduce risk, it could not be avoided that further damage was dealt to the Imperial ships, a number of hangar decks of Admiral Graves’ vessel exploding and killing hundreds of operating crew and strike craft pilots. One frigate, unfortunately targeted by chance a significant number of the remaining orbital stations and some lance fire out of nothing more than momentary opportunity, was destroyed outright. Two of the remaining Saharduin ships mindlessly plowed into all of this, and exploded before reaching their destination, nothing more than large blooms of flame and scrap metal that momentarily were noted in auspex logs before being discarded.<br/>
<br/>
All of which, however, was overshadowed by the impact of the last of the initially deployed Saharduin ships. Its Gellar fields had been shut off, life support disabled, reactor burning forward on a timer to go critical. The enemy Retaliator-class Grand Cruiser had focused its efforts on assaulting the more stationary <i>Sword of Reckoning</i>, its cursory fire towards the Saharduin ship almost destroying it regardless. However, what might have crippled a living ship could not end a revenant in time. When the warp drives overloaded, the resulting tear in the fabric of reality was visible to all. Even those who were not psykers could no avoid being affected. Whole platoons of armsmen fell to the ground mid-battle with blood pouring out of their ears at a sound they could not hear. Others felt a burning itch explode in the fatty tissues which preserved their organs, violent enough that they plunged knives and fingers into themselves to try and scratch it away, tearing their innards apart in the process. Some went deaf, blind, and dumb as neurological connections within their brains snapped. The resulting warp vortex swallowed not just the enemy flagship, but the two Devastator-class cruisers that had remained at its side.<br/>
<br/>
It then continued to expand.<br/>
<br/>
As shields fell and rose again, boarding torpedoes and assault rams speared into the thick hides of Chaos ships, flush to the point of being almost overburdened by void armsmen and handfuls of Blood Ravens here and there. On one of the enemy’s Lunar-class cruisers, Sergeant McKinna rammed her chainsword into the back of a gene-hound, the hulking cybernetic monstrosity screaming as she carved it in half. On another, the terminators of the Blood Ravens’ 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company stormed the bridge, assault cannons and storm bolters ending the lives of the crew there, mutilated, maddened, and half-absorbed into their consoles and stations as they were. The fighting was fierce as ever, and for all that no Chaos Space Marines were sighted, the enemy were nevertheless resisting mightily. More than one commander reported encountering platoons of the foe equipped entirely with Hellgun-pattern lasguns and plasma guns, as well as increasing numbers of the gene-hounds, in excess of those encountered up until that point. While preliminary studies of slain gene-hounds proved that the creatures could quite literally not live up past a year out of stasis due to the eventual fatal breakdown of their organic matter and over-spliced genetics mixed with steadily rejecting their forcibly grafted bionics, in that time they were proving considerably…difficult to manage. Something that hundreds of men and women of the Imperial Navy would come to fatally realize. In one substantially disturbing case, one pack of gene-hounds had the monstrous humanoids nearly overwhelm Sergeant Stromahn and his terminators, outright picking up and throwing the elites of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company about before they could be killed.<br/>
<br/>
And then the remaining Lunar-class Cruisers were overtaken by the still expanding warp tear. Fifteen thousand void armsmen disappeared into the madness of the Warp, unable to evacuate a single soul after boarding the ships in the thirty seconds it took for the tear’s edges to reach them. The entirety of the deployed strike craft from all Imperial ships disappeared, only a small percentage of them managing to use their service weapons to kill themselves before the daemons could reach them. The other two Lunar-class ships were not spared. Sergeant McKinna could only watch as half of the enemy ship she was on disappeared into the Warp, then shrieked in terror as her mind broke from staring directly into the Warp shortly before she, Pavus, and the rest of her armsmen disappeared as the line between reality and Immaterium disappeared. Battle Brother Michael, one of the most recent promotions of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company given to the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, muttered a benediction of faith before the wave overtook him.<br/>
<br/>
He lasted ten entire seconds in the Warp.<br/>
<br/>
Most were lucky enough to die faster.<br/>
<br/>
The minds of the Blood Ravens in command of the teleportariums were swift enough to begin immediate emergency recall, a benefit that could not be expanded to the many, many armsmen who had been sent forth on boarding torpedoes and assault rams. Most of the Blood Ravens were ripped away from the ships they had boarded swiftly enough, but not all. Brother Gelemon’s transponder signal disappeared as the wave swallowed the Lunar-cruiser he was on, having personally led a heroic effort to shut down the ship’s engines ensuring that he was closer to the warp tear’s expanding edge than any other. Brother Damian simply never returned from the warp, despite successfully being teleported off of the fourth and final Lunar-class approximately seven seconds before it too was overtaken. Meanwhile, engines burned at emergency speeds as the Blood Raven ships and the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> desperately attempted to escape the still expanding warp tear. The enemy escorts attempted to do the same, but rather than try and avoid the certain destruction at their back, they forged forwards, firing all the while at the Imperial ships they were now interspersed with. Gellar fields flickered across every ship present, screeching in protest under pressures far in excess of what they had suffered up until that point. Crews reported hearing songs, sounds, cries of delight and rage, even voices that were of loved ones. Others swore they saw people who were meant to be dead back at their stations, including a crew chief who had died of a heart attack mere hours into the landing at Opus Maxima.<br/>
<br/>
The warp tear’s expansion was unbridled, and entire shoals of lesser daemons numerous enough to be visible not by sensor array but by the naked eye when looking out of a view port spewed out of the Immaterium above New Meridian. The destroyed remnants of the enemy shipyard was taken, as were the remaining orbital stations and the wrecks of those that had been rendered nonfunctional. The whole of the Imperial fleet was forced to perform blisteringly rapid turns and burn their engines at full, redlining reactors simply in order to remain ahead of it. Hundreds of thousands of winged half-malformed things screeched and cackled at feeling the light of the star upon their newly summoned flesh. Many dissipated immediately afterwards from a lack of sustaining possibilities, but many other did not. The fleeing souls running away were escaping, yes, and had fields to protect them, yes, but there were others who could not do so. And so they descended to the planet beneath, its billion inhabitants long having invited the darkness into their souls, for they knew no other path. Summoning arrays in the hive spires meant for the personal usage of the nobility there activated in tandem, then shattered as they were overloaded from the other side, geysers of daemons exploding in the upper levels. Below, shrines to the Dark Gods covered in filth and grime by the commoners who slaved there glowed so bright as to scorch eyeballs from the sockets, and the corpse fields began to shift and move with glorious decaying unlife. The Vandian Legions responded accordingly, sorcerers and practitioners working as swiftly as they could even as weapons fire began to light up across the entire hive.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Navy, on the other hand, had something else to deal with entirely, even as alarms began to blare about Gellar overloads.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Hunter Striking Prey: 16 vs. 85</b><br/>
<br/>
Unseen by all, utilizing speeds and stealth not meant to be possible on vessels of such size, the Warsphere had arrived at the rear of the battlefield. Its own warp travel had been missed as the warp tear roiled in place, and by the time the fleeing ships of Admiral Graves and the Blood Ravens had realized it, the troop ships had already made the desperate decision to fly forwards as swiftly as possible, forced in turn to place the enormous warp tear at their backs so that the Imperial ships could guard them from the Warsphere. There was no proclamation of battle, no announcements, no braying calls from the xenos, contrary to usual assumptions of Slaaneshi worshippers. But then, the hunter did their level best to not announce themselves to the prey, if one was in search of the absolute most perfect hunt. The moment the Imperial ships came into range, they opened fire, tearing the shields from one of the remaining Lunar-class cruisers in but a few seconds before the ship itself was shot to pieces.<br/>
<br/>
“Redeploy, redeploy!” Graves was shouting on his bridge, sweat soaking his brow as he thought furiously to himself.<br/>
<br/>
“All ships, drive forward, beat that Warsphere back!” Chapter Master Angelos boomed in the chapter-wide vox.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Rapid Redeployment: 72 vs. 79</b><br/>
<br/>
To the credit of the captains present, they did not hesitate before following their orders. Gellar warnings screamed of incursions, hundreds fought to ignore the words being whispered in their minds as priests shouted out their litanies of faith and protection, reactors burning and shuddering, engines noting warnings of damage from strain, and yet they did not fail to spread out in protective formations. The frigates, undamaged due to remaining at range and able to swiftly turn and maneuver, fired what weapons they could. Torpedoes launched in single concerted arrays, striking at the massive target waiting in front of them. The Kroot Warsphere, in turn, responded with its own massive weapon banks, striking half a dozen ships simultaneously, shattering shields and breaking armor plating in the same moments. The already battered <i>Litany of Fury</i> suffered once more, a great many holes punched into her already riddled hide. The battle barge now trailed fire from so many points on its hull that the number of lights eclipsed that of its engines.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Warsphere: 65 vs. 46<br/>
Fireship Ramming: 74</b><br/>
<br/>
Perhaps it was providence that the remaining Saharduin ships had not been utilized until that point. They had remained behind with the troops transports, and despite the slowness in response to orders transmitted to their slaved systems, had managed to escape the warp tear. The Warsphere, for all of its sheer amount of armament, was glutted for targets. The hardened ships of the Blood Ravens, the now thoroughly battered <i>Sword of Reckoning</i>, and the ever fewer ships remaining under the command of Admiral Graves – who by that point was contemplating just how low he might be struck in rank for the loss of so many ships – filled the targeting arrays of the slavering Kroot. Just which prize might be best to take and display? Which was filled with the best prey, ones that might be let loose to run in the corridors before the hunters could bring them down? Or, perhaps, to the maddened aliens, it would be better to grant the prey the homefield advantage, and instead disable engines and reactors, letting them choose between choking as the air turned stale and empty or dying at their hands?<br/>
<br/>
Such contemplations were ended in fire as all three remaining Saharduin ships impacted into their vessel. All three struck the very center, the first managing to cause a break in the void shields, the second penetrating into the hull before letting loose its fire, and the third going even further. Within moments, an ocean of fire spread into both port and starboard halves of the ship. Kroot burned and died before they could even realize what was happening. Oxygen, that glorious fuel, fed the fire further, the open corridors, vegetation, and cattle compartments providing much to the flame. What had been an implacable foe that was in danger of destroying the entire fleet stuttered and outright halted in its movements, weapons ceasing fire in multiple sections due to the crews being vaporized in fire. All the while, the Imperials had not been idle, firing with all weapons available, managing two more torpedo volleys from all ships before the Warsphere was reduced to a floating hulk, with perhaps only a few hundred Kroot left alive in certain sealed compartments.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, for the briefest of moments, there was time enough to pause and reassess.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================​</div><br/>
“Let’s agree, here and now, to not do that again,” Graves wiped at his face as the hololith flickered to life. “Ever, preferably.”<br/>
<br/>
In the background, mechadendrites twitching nervously, the Magos of his flagship that had come up with the idea of a ship-sized vortex bomb stood.<br/>
<br/>
“The yield of the vessel’s explosion was estimated-,” they began, vocoder scratchy.<br/>
<br/>
“IN THE EMPEROR’S NAME I DO NOT WANT TO HEAR IT!” He bellowed at them, sending the servant of the Omnissiah scuttling away.<br/>
<br/>
“Admiral…,” Gabriel paused as Graves held up a hand.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Angelos, I have just lost <i>every</i> one of my pilots who was not in the middle of refueling and rearming,” the Admiral sighed before he sat back heavily in his command throne. “Where before we were overburdened with those souls we managed to save from other ships, we now don’t even have enough to patrol the corridors.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel bowed his head in acknowledgement.<br/>
<br/>
“Not all were lost, Admiral. Many remained yet to be sent forth in boarding actions, but I do regret the losses taken,” he eventually said. “I can have the remainder transferred back to your ships immediately.”<br/>
<br/>
“I…yes, do it,” Graves briefly drew his hand down his face. “Now I’m being told that the Warp is even more chaotic than before. As if I needed the astropaths to come scream at me about it, what with the bloody miniature warp storm we made right bloody there.”<br/>
<br/>
Only then did the Chief Librarian speak up, limping slightly from where a daemonic manifestation had attempted to tear his leg off, thin tracks of dried blood marking where it had come weeping out of his eyes and ears.<br/>
<br/>
“It is a bittersweet thing, but it is the opinion of myself and the Librarium that the warp tear will, <i>is</i>, already beginning to recede slightly. It is not being sustained by any ritual or sacrifice, and given that it has taken much not just from us but the forces of Vandis, they may well not wish it present either."<br/>
<br/>
Graves simply raised an eyebrow before turning back to Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
"Will the Inquisitor be joining us? She no doubt lost a few of her stormtroopers as well."<br/>
<br/>
As if summoned by his words, the image flickered to life, revealing Captain Carlyle, who despite the damage sustained by her ship seemed unaffected.<br/>
<br/>
"The Inquisitor is recovering after her implant surgery was interrupted," she began promptly, looking all three of them in the eye one after another. "A daemon manifested in the operating theater, seeking to slay her."<br/>
<br/>
"Is Adrastia," Gabriel began rapidly before the Captain shook her head.<br/>
<br/>
"The Inquisitor had only just taken the anesthesia, and retained enough mental focus to summon her powers forth and banish it. The strain, however, has rendered her unconscious for a longer period than initially assumed. With the Colonel taken by the Warp along with a third of our available stormtrooper regiment, I am temporarily in total command of all Inquisitorial forces present."<br/>
<br/>
It was the longest sentence that they'd heard the woman speak, the tone drier than the deserts of Calderis.<br/>
<br/>
"I'd say I'm sorry for your losses, if I thought you'd appreciate it," Graves huffed.<br/>
<br/>
"The only things certain in life are death and the Emperor," Carlyle gave the barest of shrugs. "What are our next steps?"<br/>
<br/>
"Well," Graves sighed as he listened to someone on his bridge, "Defending ourselves again, it seems."<br/>
<br/>
"Oh?"<br/>
<br/>
"Sensor reports show that the defense fleet over Runao is on the move. They're ragged, and no doubt their little geas' are tearing their minds apart, but they're coming towards us regardless," he said with remarkable calm. "I'm sure Vandis called them up in a panic."<br/>
<br/>
Ten defense monitors. Each quite possible equal to a cruiser in armament, speed, and strength.<br/>
<br/>
"Hmm. This is unwelcome news," Carlyle said with slightly narrowed eyes. "The <i>Sword of Reckoning </i>has taken moderate damage to prow sections, many point defenses are gone. We retain shields, plasma batteries, and engines, however. Blood Raven, the condition of your ships?" She asked, turning to Gabriel's projected image on her deck.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel bowed his head for a moment before looking back up.<br/>
<br/>
"The <i>Litany of Fury</i> is dangerously close to being rendered inoperative for combat purposes, but our strike cruisers and escorts can yet fight."<br/>
<br/>
"Admiral?"<br/>
<br/>
"I lost another two bloody ships, but those of us that remain still have a few lances here and there," the man grunted.<br/>
<br/>
"Then our course is clear," Carlyle stated calmly, "We must move to intercept them before they can even begin to potentially be a threat to the troop transports, while allowing them to follow us so that they are more distant from the warp tear. Unless," she blinked once, "One of you has a better idea?"<br/>
<br/>
"I'm for it," Graves flapped a hand at the air, "Angelos?"<br/>
<br/>
<u>Decision, Chapter Master?:</u><br/>
Moratorium 3 Hours<br/>
<br/>
[] Carlyle's Plan: Advance in strength and try to overtake the defense monitors. Their weapons are dangerous, yes, but their crews are guaranteed to be operating under less than optimal conditions.<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In [Subject To Graves/Caryle Agreements]<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury [Minor Damage]<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed, Shield Arrays At 15%, Extreme Hull Damage] <b>DANGER: Litany of Fury will require significant attentions at a Mechanicus Shipyard for repairs. Any notable damage may disable ship in permanency. </b><br/>
SC Rage of Erudition [Minor Damage]<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+12 Codiciers, 10 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
37 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (+2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (+18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (+50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (+10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
3 5th Company Marines (6 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 90%)<br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
4 Frigates (Minor Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<b>All Void Armsmen Utilized In Boarding Lost (Remaining Void Armsmen Now Depleted To Severely Understrength Levels)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [1 Regiment's Worth of Casualties Evenly Spread Amongst The 5 Infantry Regiments]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [1/3 Casualties Sustained]</li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified) (Minor Damage)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
6 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100,000~ New Meridian Vandian Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1,000,000~ New Meridian Vandian Guard</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000,000~ New Meridian Conscripts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000,000~ New Meridian Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">500,000~ Saharduin (Piscean Warriors, Alien Crew Members, Engineer Caste, Blood Shamans, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reaverlord Carnax, Khornate Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Grand Hunter Hraxe, Slaaneshi Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Admiral Maximilian Vandis, New Meridian Defense Fleet Commander</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">New Meridian Defense Defense Fleet: Estimated Crews At 10,000,000 (Including All Ships, Orbital Stations, Shipyard)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Masters of Forge-Hives, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>