<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>A Meeting in the Western Steppes</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>A Meeting in the Western Steppes</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Make contact with the Kurgan



In the end, you decide that there's no reason not to try to make contact with the locals. You figure that any tribes this close to the Chaos Wastes that react violently to wandering magical strangers won't have survived long, and you have the mobility to avoid any unfavourable meetings. The people of the Steppe are rightfully known for their prowess in the saddle, but no horse of flesh and blood can match one of shadow.

The process of making contact is not difficult. You simply ride until you spot a large herd of sheep and halt your Shadowsteed atop a hill overlooking them. Despite how empty the plains around you look, no domesticated herd is ownerless in the Steppes, and somewhere nearby a watcher has a puzzle on their hands. You're clearly not attempting to steal any of the herd, but neither are you moving along, and your horse and your dress makes you impossible to place in any mundane category. The only sensible conclusion is to send word back to the tribe and make it someone else's problem.

As the time passes, you refresh your memory with one of the books on the Kurgan you'd brought with you while waiting for them to present themselves. Eventually, riding in clear view and at a speed that gives you plenty of time to notice and react to them, a party of Kurgan are approaching, all visibly carrying bows that are currently unnocked. 'We don't offer violence, but it is an option' is a solid foundation to build first contact on.

[Rolling...]

At the head of the band is a man who looks slightly younger than yourself, dressed in leathers and wearing multiple necklaces of fangs and claws. Your books say there's no one mark of a Shaman as cultural practices vary widely across the Steppes, but that he thrums with the power of Ghur seems a solid indication to you. The band pauses at the next hilltop to consider you and exchange words, and then the Shaman approaches further. You tuck your book away and grip your staff in the same way that the watchers are gripping their bows - not quite ready to use, but not far from it either. He calls out what you hope to be a greeting in a language that sounds very slightly like Kislevarin, then again in another that makes the Winds ripple unpleasantly, and then a third time, in guttural almost-Khazalid, "blood or tea, stranger?"

That he speaks the Chaos Dwarf equivalent of Khazalid makes things a great deal easier. "Today, tea," is your response, and one of only two acceptable answers. Your books tell you that the Cathayan drink is even more popular amongst the Kurgan than it is in Altdorf cafes, and is a central part of the culture of the tribes who live close enough to the trade road to steal or buy it. You carefully dismount as the Shaman does the same; the Shaman makes a show of removing the knife from his hip and placing it in a saddlebag. You normally carry no knife as you can summon them as needed, but you'd brought one for this purpose, and leave yours next to your horse as the Shadowsteed can only carry a rider, not cargo. He approaches cautiously, and holds out a flask to you; you wet your finger in it and flick some northwards before taking a sip and suppressing your grimace. If tea would be inconvenient, a guest will be offered alcohol, and for most of the Kurgan, the alcohol is fermented horse milk.

Your host seems to relax slightly. "I am a Shaman of the Dolgan Tribes. I serve the Untamed of the Eight."

"I am a Shaman of the Mountain Ring Clans. I serve the Shadowed of the Eight. I travel from the west and will travel to the south."

He nods. "You are far from the salt-water," he observes. "Your business must be important for you to travel so far."

You nod but don't elaborate, happy to leave him with the misconception that you're from Norsca. "Can you tell me of the neighbouring tribes?"

He nods. "You came through the mountains? The proud Kul are to the north of the mountains, their claim stretches all the way to the Blessed Lands. Dolgan land stretches to the Tea Road. Between Tea Road and Dwarf-Land is the Iron Wolf Tribes, who serve an Old One. East are the Kvelliges and Khazags, and north are the Yusak, who have lost favour with the Four and seek lands further from them."

You nod thoughtfully, checking that against your mental map of the Eastern Steppes. It sounds like the Expedition's route will go through Dolgan and then Yusak territory, and that Karag Dum itself would be about at the border between Yusak and Kul, and the Yusak are currently vulnerable, while the Kul... you don't know their current state, but about 180 years ago their leader Asavar united the Kurgans and was anointed as Everchosen, sparking the Great War Against Chaos. Your books had some information on the Dolgans, describing a people on the edge between civilization and barbarism to the extent that some served Kislev as mercenaries - but that described a people between Kislev and Norsca, far from here. How similar are these Dolgans to the ones your books spoke of?

The information this Shaman has given you out of simple courtesy is already valuable, but if you could reach an accord with his people, even greater things could come of it. An agreement to allow passage would make safe what could otherwise be a very dangerous leg of the journey. If they would sell livestock to the steam-wagons, supply concerns would vanish. If they would take advantage of the weakened Yusak at the right time, the entire passage from the Dark Lands to the Chaos Wastes would be laid open, and it's likely all that would take is the Dolgan being prepared to take advantage of the Yusak being distracted by the steam-wagons and the many knights passing through their territory. Or if they could even be talked into selling military aid to the Expedition... Dolgan mercenaries would be able to live off the land and wouldn't need transporting all the way from Praag, they'd be in their element for any conflict that might need them, and they might help in dealing with any other Kurgan that might present an obstacle to the Expedition.

Or on the other hand, it might be best to leave well enough alone. Any deal would likely involve precious metals changing hands, and paying the servants of Chaos is unlikely to sit well with many - though you should be able to keep the details concealed from most. And though you'd do your best to not give away details that would leave the Expedition vulnerable to betrayal, could any deception serve if the Plotter might be involved? Then again, if the Plotter's attention does turn this way, it's very possible that no amount of secrecy would serve...

If an accord is to be reached, it should be now. The Dolgans are more likely to be amenable to a deal now than when they have giant metal behemoths on wheels show up on their lands. You're not sure whether they'd see the steam-wagons as as a threat, as prey, or as loot, but they'd probably not see them as a potential trade partner.

[ ] Only seek passage for the Expedition
[ ] Seek passage and supplies for the Expedition
[ ] Seek passage, supplies, and for the Dolgan to attack the Yusak
[ ] Seek passage, supplies, and to purchase the service of Dolgan mercenaries
[ ] Do not seek any accord with the Dolgans
[ ] Seek to make contact with the Yusak instead
[ ] Other (write in)


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- If Mathilde seeks to make contact with the Yusak, she can't safely fly into Yusak territory, so would have to ride. This means the Dolgan would know she went out of her way to speak to the Yusak.


Spoiler: Updated Map








This represents Mathilde's estimation instead of being necessarily accurate. For reference, these six territories make up an area about half the size of the Empire.



  </body>
</html>