<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27 Social - 2483 - Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27 Social - 2483 - Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



372 voters

177 for Journeywoman Panoramia
177 for Magister Johann

119 for Elector Countess Roswita van Hal
114 for Baron Anton Kiesinger II
103 for The Ice Dragon of Karag Zilfin
95 for Chief Bombardier Oswald Oswaldson

75 for Vicereine Cadaeth
47 for King Kazador's sons
46 for Empress Heidi Haupt-Anderssen
44 for Asarnil the Dragonlord
36 for Journeyman Maximilian de Gaynesford
35 for Viceroy Francesco Caravello
33 for King Belegar Ironhammer
31 for The We
27 for Magisters Esbern and Seija
18 for Journeywoman Gretel Maurer
17 for Ambassador Daroir
14 for Chieftain Qrech Anuvongeni
14 for Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart
13 for Prince Gotri
12 for Prince Kazrik and Princess Edda
11 for Journeywoman Adela Burgstaller
11 for Magister Patriarch Algard
8 for Julia Antionette Massif
7 for Supreme Patriarch Dragomas
6 for Governor Wilhelmina Hochschild
6 for Ranald
6 for Journeyman Hubert Denzel
5 for General Soizic
3 for Brother Kasmir Heinz
3 for Field-Marshal Titus Muggins
1 for Asarnil and Deathfang



According to the few historians bold enough to have travelled to the newly-reclaimed Karak, the great hall at ground level in Karag Nar was originally a Mustering Hall, but when Karag Nar was turned over to non-Dwarven residency during the Golden Age, it was transformed into a great market that grew to rival that of Barak Varr. Now the hall has returned to its original purpose, and it once more rings with the clack of wood on wood as sparring Undumgi fight back and forth. Overseeing it all is Soizic, standing a head below many of her soldiers but projecting an aura of being the tallest in the room as she moves from spar to spar, distributing advice and encouragement freely.

You take a moment to watch her, and how the men react to her. As a Wizard, you're treated by most as a Wizard first and a woman second, which bypasses a lot of prejudices - often, admittedly, in favour of worse ones. But Soizic exists within a more martial world, and you have to wonder how many of the men of the Undumgi might object to being led by a woman. You don't see any evidence of that here and now; perhaps she has proven herself to them, or perhaps she is in the process of sidelining those objectors and none of them are currently present. Either way, that's not your business, it's hers and Francesco's. At least as long as they stay on top of it.

The Undumgi are accustomed to your comings and goings, but you still draw a few curious looks, and it doesn't take long for Soizic to follow one of those looks and notice you. She doesn't immediately break off from what she's doing, but her trajectory through the room does curve in your direction, and it doesn't take long for her to stand before you. She's wearing an unadorned quilted doublet and woolen hose, the simple but hardy clothing of a currently-unarmoured knight, with a sword upon her waist that you recognize as one of the seven brothers of your own. "Dame Weber," she greets you with a bow.

"Sir Soizic," you reply, and you return it with a slightly shallower bow, due to your higher place in the Karak's heirarchy. Her current title is General, but your own is Loremaster. If she wants to speak to you as one Knight to another, then you're happy to cooperate. As for 'Sir', Bretonnian Knights are always Sir, and a Bretonnian Knight she claims to be.

"To what must I thank your gracing of my training hall?" she asks. Her melodic accent makes her easy to listen to, even if the phrases of Bretonnian manners sound roundabout and evasive to an ear accustomed to the more straightforward speech of the Empire. Around you the training continues, though those closest to you are clearly straining to overhear.

"Courtesy and curiosity," you reply, though in truth the latter was definitely the foremost. "You've become a prominent woman in the Karag I call home, and I've yet to greet you as General of the Undumgi." You'd met her briefly when the candidates for Karag Nar's Viceroy were being considered, but not since her elevation to her current title.

"Honesty compels me to admit that I am unaccustomed to considering those blessed with magic as so near to a peer to myself," she says slowly. "In truth, had I not come to count Freiherr Denzel as a friend, the thought would still be alien to me." It takes you a moment to realize she must be referring to Hubert - in Middenland, sons share the title of their father.

You consider this as an avenue to ask about the Damsels, but decide against it as you've heard that Bretonnians are touchy about them. "How fare the Undumgi?" you venture instead.

She half-turns and runs her eyes over the training. "A difficult time. The enemy is not quite so close now, so they must become new. They are Knights Errant, bringing a specific foe to battle, but they must become Knights of the Realm, watching over their land against all who may trespass."

From what little you know of Bretonnia, her meaning is easy to guess. "From Swordsmen to Roadwardens," you say.

She nods. "Patrols and sentries are not so glorious as pitched battle, but they are necessary. The greenskins and the ratmen, it is not enough to shatter their ranks and drive them from the field, as they will have returned and restored their numbers before the victory feast is concluded. You must hold what you have won, or you have won nothing."

The two of you speak a while longer, and you find yourself impressed by how seriously she is taking her new role. From her words, it seems she has taken personal responsibility for the safety of all travel east of Death's Crossing and west of the Badlands. More generally, you're reminded that though she joined the Expedition as a vagabond warrior, she was raised and educated amongst Bretonnia's nobility. She seems as skilled an orator as she is a swordswoman, and you've no doubt she could be quite charming and convincing if she wanted to be. Part of you is uneasy that you don't have a good grasp of her motivations - she seeks the Grail, and you know little enough of what that means normally, let alone what it means when the seeker is quite happy to play games with the exact wording of the Grail Vow.

You thank her for her time, and watch as she turns back to her men, transforming in an instant from one noble talking to another, to a stern taskmaster teaching discipline to her charges.

---

The Citadel's North Tower is atop a spiralling staircase that would be quite daunting to anyone that doesn't live atop a mountain, which is why in the centre of that spiral there is a newly-restored system of pulleys and counterweights to lift residents, visitors and cargo to the lofty peak. The room awaiting you at the top is a chaotic jumble of a room, being part kitchen, part reading room, and part shrine, with the windows on each wall firmly blocked by thick curtains to keep the heat in. Thick rugs cover the floor, cushions are strewn about in place of chairs, and a softly glowing ball of Shyish provides illumination. You give a carefully respectful bow to the shrine - a haughty-looking raven perched atop a skull, carved from stone - and busy yourself investigating the half-filled shelves. The books on Morr and Shyish you expected, but you do raise an eyebrow at the books on ritual magic, as you do at the ones on Tilean history.

There's a creak as a trapdoor in the roof opens and you turn to see Gretel climbing down the ladder on the wall next to it. "Magister," she says to you in greeting.

"Journeywoman," you reply with a smile. "You've made the place quite homey."

"Easier said than done," she says, shooting a glare at the nearest window. "I don't think Dwarves even feel temperature."

The two of you make small talk as the rest of the wizards begin to arrive. Most of them arrive via the elevator in ones and twos, but Hubert's entry through a window is impressive enough that you suppress your initial instinct to treat it as completely mundane. As Gretel fussily refastens the curtains and everyone prepares their own pile of cushions to recline in, you call another meeting of your Duckling Club to order.

"First of all," you say, "my thanks to Gretel for hosting us today." The other Wizards murmur variations on thanks and admirations for her home, and Gretel is  visibly delighted. It's likely she's never had a home to call her own apart from the spartan quarters of the Amethyst College, and she had leapt at the chance to show her tower off when you asked her. "Second, my congratulations to Hubert for learning what I assume is Wings of Heaven."

"It is, and thank you, Magister," he says, smiling with pride. "It's quite exhilarating."

"I imagine it must be. Unfortunately, I've not been engaging in anything quite so grand of late - most of my time has been spent in the laboratory or writing papers, none of which are quite ready for publication. But I have faith in the rest of you to bring excitement to this meeting."

Johann, Maximillian and Panoramia fail to supply excitement, as most of their time has been spent on ongoing projects or engaged in research with you. Adela has been making her way through some of the more accessible books in your library on the subjects of engineering and chemistry, which has kept her busy when she hasn't been spending time with her newly-arrived brother. Thankfully, Hubert has some more interesting news.

"I've entered the employ of Prince Kazrik," Hubert says proudly, "as the official delegate to Ulrikadrin from Karak Eight Peaks."

"Impressive," you say, but you frown internally. It's definitely an impressive and important task, but it could also mean he's cleaving to his background as a noble and an Ulrican, rather than a Wizard of the Celestial College. A person can't always serve every facet of who they are equally, but Hubert definitely seems to be favouring every part of himself that isn't magical. If it weren't for his newfound ability to fly, you'd start to wonder if he was on a path to becoming Perpetual, rather than proceeding towards graduation.

"It's a sign the Dwarves are taking Ulrikadrin seriously," Johann says thoughtfully. "And respecting their faith. Which is good, since they're sitting atop our only safe link to the rest of civilization."

The conversation gets sidetracked into talk of geopolitics and travel routes, but as Gretel seems to be getting more and more fidgety, you don't take long to bring matters back on topic and turn attention to her and her recent activities.

"I had my first contract with the Besiegers," she says proudly. "Some dispute between a few different Princes between the Khyprian Road and the Hvargir Forest, which just needed us to stand around and look intimidating, and then protecting the local lumberjacks from Forest Goblins while they harvested a grove of old oaks, then escorted the wood to Barak Varr for shipping."

"Can Border Princes afford mercenaries?" Adela asks dubiously.

"Of course not, it was on behalf of some Bordeleaux merchant. Bretonnia needs oak for ships and the merchant was offering a good price, but the Border Princes kept fighting over it instead of actually cutting down and shipping trees. So they paid us into strongarming them into cooperating with each other."

Perhaps not the most glorious of tasks, but undoubtedly a well-paying one. You smile and join the others in congratulating her, glad that she's found an acceptable way to afford the comforts she was fond of.

---

Baronet Willus Husserl, of the Menshenfresserhoffen Husserls of Ostermark, wiped the sweat off his brow and felt sorry for himself, the activity that had consumed most of his time this past week. When he had been sent on this mission he had been filled with pride, convinced it was at least partially for his good showing at the First and Third Battles of Mordheim, rather than entirely a sop for his father, the Baron of Menshenfresserhoffen, and his objections to the League's over-emphasis on riverine trade at the expense of overland. But that had been back in Ostermark at the start of a great adventure, and after leaving the boats he'd had a long trip through the dark of the underground highway and now had the baking sun high overhead, and the whole time he'd had nothing but Ulricans for company. So Willus was deep within a well-cultivated sulk. He hadn't even been able to bring his horse, since so much of the trip had been by riverboats.

Wizards, he mused, staring up at one of the dozens of seemingly-identical mountains that surrounded the cart he was riding in. What business did he have getting involved with wizards? Apart from that charming Druidess he had pined over from afar during the Mordheim campaign, the closest he'd come to dealing with wizards was a visit to the Tomb of Loremaster Yrtle when he was a child. Now he was supposed to interrogate one about some trade rivalry? He'd pictured some half-crazed Alchemist or an inscrutable Astrologer, but when he had been told exactly who and what he was to seek, his blood had run cold at the idea of an encounter with a Shadowmancer.

Most citizens of the Empire would, when something went bump in the night, fear the Beastman or the Undead, but to those with noble titles who grow up surrounded by stone walls and armed guards, fear takes on different shapes. Every noble family has secrets; the least of which would be of great interest to the Excisemen, the more middling to spies from rival families, and the worst of all must be protected at all costs from the agents of the Imperial Spymaster known as the Emperor's Eyes. And should one of those most terrible of secrets be uncovered and the powers-that-be didn't wish to make a spectacle of it, the sword that prunes errant branches from even the most ancient and respected of families were the Shadowmancers, the Illusionists of the Grey Guardians, the wielders of the Sword of Judgement who answer only to the Emperor.

Or so the stories go, anyway.

And he was to probe one of them for trade information. And not just any anonymous cowled figure, but the Dämmerlichtreiter of Stirland. Hushed whispers at dances and balls recite a list of her most prominent victims: Marshal Verezzo of Stirland, Count Petr of Leicheberg, Baron Alexis of Teufelheim, Countess Gabriella of Nachthafen, and all the burghers of the ill-fated Stirlandian League. They say that during the Sylvanian campaign she struck down a Ghoul King with her shadow, burned a quarter of Drakenhof with mystical fire, and summoned a dragon to battle the winged vampires of Castle Drakenhof. Some whisper that when Grand Count Abelhelm died, she disguised herself as his daughter to finish the job, which is why nobody had even heard of 'Roswita' before, and the wizard has been seen so little since. Others say the Dwarves were so impressed with her assault on Castle Drakenhof that they hired her on the spot for the Reconquest of Karak Eight Peaks, and she was so respected by the Army of Stirland that six entire regiments deserted to join her.

"Well spotted, young lord," said the wagon driver, and Willus blinked as he was shaken from his thoughts. "Had many a passenger on edge on account of not having seen them, worrying about greenskins and the like."

Willus refocused his eyes on the mountain he had been gloomily staring at. Even with the hint, it took him a few moments to spot the pattern in the chaos, the rounded parapets amongst the unworked stone. "Watchposts?" he hazarded.

"Those are what puts the Und in Undumgi. Not just those pretty halberds they've got, any unwelcome visitors'll also have to deal with their cannon and mortars. Makes this road as safe as a Reikland highway."

Willus looked up at the mountain with new interest, pleased to have something to occupy his thoughts for at least a while on this interminable voyage.

---

By the time he entered the mountain he was told was called Karag Nar, Willus was already rattled. Instead of a gate in the side of a mountain he'd been expecting, a gate between two mountains had opened into a idyllic farm valley dotted with cottages and filled with Halflings, giving him the momentary but terrifying thought that he'd gotten turned around at some point and ended up at the Moot. In the Karag he saw the grand underground passages he had expected, but the overwhelming majority of those going to and fro were human and the passageways echoed with conversation, only some of which was in Reikspiel. He'd resorted to wandering until he'd found some of the 'Undumgi' to ask directions, and had dismissed what they'd said until the next two sets had said the same. So he reluctantly followed the advice and found himself back outside, weaving through the fields and following the directions of halflings until he found a field lying fallow, where it seems two teams were playing some sort of ball game - one team consisting of Halfling children, the other of wolves.

On closer inspection, most of the wolves were actually rats the size of wolves.

Resolutely refusing to think too much about what he was doing, Willus politely interrupted the game and explained his purpose to the terrifyingly shrewd gaze of the wolf, who cocked his head at him thoughtfully for a moment before nodding, yipping a farewell at his rodent teammates, and trotting back towards the Undumgi mountain. In something of a daze, Willus followed.

---

You read through the letter of introduction, then read it again more closely to check for any hidden messages, then read it a third time to make sure it follows the mind-bendingly intricate protocols for addressing someone of your muddled status, which must have taken some poor courtier several hours. The tone is very much respectful, but just shy of being obsequious, as they technically are, to a certain point of view, a competitor to the company you own just over a third of. Then you turn your gaze to the well-dressed but severely rumpled young man who has been alternating between drinking water to recover from his hike to your front door and nervously side-eyeing the pillar in the center of the room. "Very well," you say. "What business does the League of Ostermark have with the Eastern Imperial Company?" The lad opens his mouth to reply, and you interrupt mercilessly. "That is, what business that couldn't much more conveniently be taken to the Governor." He hesitates before trying to respond and you gesture for him to go on, noting with some satisfaction that he flinches away from the tendril of woodsmoke that the motion sends wafting towards him.

"I assume you know of the Ostermark League's interests in the Stir?"

"Of course," you say. You're going to have to double-check the gazetteer later, but you're pretty sure Menshenfresserhoffen is landlocked somewhere in the moors, and thus wouldn't have any interest in the Stir unless they were made to. One of that family being sent on this matter would have to be a statement that Ostermark is united on this - though you can't be sure whether that statement is targeted at you or at Menshenfresserhoffen.

"Ostermark is likewise aware of the Eastern Imperial Company's interests in the Aver of late." You wonder if that's true. Does he mean the incorporation of the West Stirland Riverine Company, which everyone would know about, or the Black Water canal-and-lock project that Wilhelmina and Barak Varr are attempting? "There's currently no overlap between our interests, but that's likely to change in the near future as we extend westwards. What we'd like to know-" he pauses and licks his lips nervously, a stark contrast with his confident and likely practiced speech. "-is what competition between Ostermark trade interests and Stirlandian ones would represent, precisely. Considering that..." he pauses again, and you keep your gaze level on his as he fumbles his words. "Considering the, uh. Considering."

Considering that you are a terrifying snarl of competing powers and limitations, he might have been about to say. Or words to that effect. You lean back in your chair and consider him while you digest the question, trying to decide whether it represents a nervous query or a cunning threat. The - what was he, a Baronet? In the sense of the son of a baron, or as an honourary non-landed title? You can't remember which Ostermark uses. Whatever he is, he's clearly very nervous, but you can't tell whether it's the nervousness of someone who hasn't seen their comfort zone for months and is now talking to a wizard, or it's the nervousness of someone who's delivering a veiled threat to a being that could obliterate him.

The naive read on the situation is that a trade interest - which the nobles of Ostermark often cooperated as - might be nervous about going up against a rival backed by a Grey Wizard, and are asking permission to start competing without it being treated as interfering with an obscure wing of the Empire's intelligence apparatus. A slightly more thoughtful analysis might consider their question to be asking whether to lock swords with Shareholder Mathilde would also earn the enmity of Dame Weber, or whether competing with Loremaster Weber might by extension be working against Karak Eight Peaks, which might jeopardize Ostermark's relationship with Karak Kadrin. But the sufficiently paranoid wizard might take the question as a veiled but very real jab at Magister Weber, who is bound by the Articles of Imperial Magic and the oaths of the Grey Order. A warning shot to say that Ostermark is coming downriver, and if the EIC stands in their way, to a certain point of view that could be seen as a Grey Wizard interfering with the legitimate business of an Elector Count for their own personal profit. Which is the sort of thing that gets the Bursar very tetchy indeed.

There's a whole shelf of maps that Wolf could fetch for you, but you instead use a sliver of concentration to call to your aura of woodsmoke and gather it in your hand, and then cast it forward like a fistful of dice. As the Baronet's chair clatters against stone, the smoke shapes itself into the familiar contours of the eastern Empire. For the sake of your audience - who is very resolutely trying to continue looking serious while picking his chair back up - you concentrate a moment longer, and helpful labels form, hovering above towns and rivers. "The Eastern Imperial Company has no concerns upriver of Wurtbad," you note, as if to yourself. "And we are not seeking any at this time. Ostermark has a free hand to develop what looks to me like three quarters of the Stir unimpeded. Marburg, Thalheim, Siegfriedhof, Ossino, Gersdorf, Krugenheim. Two counties, three baronies, and a chapterhouse. It seems to me that any competition between Stirlandian and Ostermarker traders is some time off, and if and when it comes, there'd be enough prosperity to go around that said competition would take the usual customary forms, rather than anything exotic."

You hope that serves to thread the needle. If they came with an innocent question, that should reassure them that business can continue as usual; if there's a threat, then it costs nothing to let them think the upper Stir is a concession. Wilhelmina's fixated on the Aver-Reik to try to claim as much as she can of what will hopefully be the new Altdorf to Barak Varr trade route, so the Stir will be all but free for the taking anyway. And in either scenario, a veiled threat of your own: if Ostermark gets too Marienburg-y with their trade tactics, it will be taken as an escalation and responded to accordingly.

Grey Order diplomacy at its finest: Don't Make Me Come Over There.

You allow the clearly rattled young man time to memorize what you said, as he will be asked to repeat it word for word when he returns to Ostermark, and then engage in the usual pleasantries that nobles always demand. When he leaves, he's collected enough of himself to take it with grace when you tell him that Wolf will see him out, but not so much that he doesn't jump when you appear to vanish from your seat.

---

That's as good a reminder as you're likely to get to go through the latest from the EIC. Count Maksim von Stolpe was only too happy to sign beneficial trade deals with the EIC, and Wilhelmina now only needs an accord of some sort with Count Robert Toppenheimer of Hornau to have complete dominance over the Stirland side of the Aver. The project itself is still in the opening stages, Dwarves not being ones to rush at the best of times, let alone when building on a lake notoriously full of terrifying monsters, but at least that means nobody else has gotten wind of it yet.

Moving on to less direct reports, the military of Stirland remains garrisoned as their stockpiles grow and Roswita seeks to cut off the peat trade that is financing the remaining vampires. That's how it's described by those reporting from Stirland, but those coming from Talabecland are much more detailed, and much more entertaining. Roswita's first attempt at dealing with the nobles of Talabecland was diplomatic, which went poorly, then her second pass consisted of a great deal of threats, none of which were taken seriously. The notes from this time give a general impression of her returning to Stirland in failure.

The tone of those reports change quite drastically a few weeks later, when the Holy Order of the Templars of Sigmar descend in force upon Talabecland. You're quite disappointed when you get up to date on the latest reports when their investigation has only just begun and nobody important has yet to feed the pyres.

The only other piece of information that catches your attention is rumours that the Moot is in negotiations with various powers to acquire riverboats. Most are taking this as an indication that the Halflings are looking to get involved in trade; you take it as a strong indication that Elder Hisme Stoutheart knows about the Black Water project and wants to be able to take full advantage of it to keep close ties with their colony.

---

[ ] [TOWER] Oh Dear
With a series of very prominent buttons easily accessible from anywhere in the room, be able to drain all magical energies in three heartbeats. Near-complete immunity to miscasts and any other conceivable magical threat. 100gc, 3 College favours, 3 Dwarf favours.
[ ] [TOWER] Grey Battery
Seek to expand the capability of the Grey Tower to absorb and store power, whether for firing the Eye of Gazul or other purposes. 50gc.
[ ] [TOWER] Protection (COLOUR)
Build a tower to magically reinforce or protect the others. Specify wind. 5 College favours.
[ ] [TOWER] Anti-Air (COLOUR)
Build a tower to magically attack any airborne enemies. Specify wind. 5 College favours.
[ ] [TOWER] Smoke and Mirrors
Build a tower to enable longer-range teleportation. Will require an action to set up, exact implementation will be determined by rolls and choices with that action.

Library Purchases
Budget: 300gc, 2 Dwarf Favour. Anything not spent will not accumulate.
[ ] [LIBRARY] No purchase.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Write-in.

Dwarf Favour Purchases
[ ] [DWARF] No purchase.
[ ] [DWARF] Write-in.

College Favour Purchases
[ ] [COLLEGE] No purchase.
[ ] [COLLEGE] Write-in.

Other Purchases
[ ] [PURCHASE] No purchase.
[ ] [PURCHASE] Write-in.


- There will be a 24 hour moratorium, to allow people time to notice the quest is back, to refresh their memory, and because I left things on a complicated vote.
- Feel free to suggest other towers.
- If there's anything I've forgotten, please let me know.

- On the subject of the romance vote: Panoramia and Johann are the foremost candidates with a clear lead, and as such will have an effect on her internal monologue in the future. Roswita, Anton, Oswald, and the Ice Dragon all have at least a quarter of the vote, and as such will be options for social actions intended to get to know them better and investigate the possibility of a deeper relationship. You can consider this a 'soft lock' on those candidates. If those possibilities fizzle out, then the candidate list could be revisited in the future.
  </body>
</html>