<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Five)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Five)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">--[X] Interdict<br/>
---[X] 1st, 4th and 10th Fleets, 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Continued Bombardment<br/>
---[X] 2nd Fleet<br/>
--[X]<b> Top</b><br/>
--[X] During first two steps Librarius will concentrate on predicting the actions of the Suysh and where their defenses are the weakest. During 3rd step, they will concentrate on locating the enemy Queens and if their connection to the rest of the Hive is psychic and if it can be disrupted.<br/>
--[X] Vehicles and unassigned specialists to be distributed equally amongst battle groups.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<i>GM Note: This one got a bit away from me, but at least it's here! Moratorium for 3 Hours. </i><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b>​</div><br/>
The warp crackled and tore as the Suysh ships emerged, their rocky and asymmetrical exteriors trailing eldritch energies that quickly dissipated as the laws of physics reasserted themselves. The <i>Sacred Crown</i>’s advanced auspex sensors, restored to the Imperium’s nominal control, painted them the moment they did so. There was a screech of fury from the queen residing within the hulking Scorchnest, its attendant cruisers and escort ships riled up by their progenitor’s anger at the sight of the still floating remains of the Suysh fleet which had once patrolled the solar system. Hadrian spared a handful of seconds towards a bridge servitor’s warning lights of an incoming transmission. The tracked source was, predictably, the enemy battleship.<br/>
<br/>
“BLOOD-ROT UPON YOU, THIEVES, MURDERERS, TAINTED MEAT! SISTER VOID-SLAKE’S DEATH-OATH SHALL BE FULFILLED! YOU WILL BE OUR MEAT! SO SWEARS LEXTAL STARFEASTER! MEAT! MEAT! MEA-,”<br/>
<br/>
A twitch of attention from his place in the command throne and the vox channel closed. Hadrian simply raised an eyebrow as he glanced both at the tactical screen at the foot of the command throne and arcane systems of the throne itself. Through the venerable sensors and cameras of the <i>Omnis</i>, he saw the xeno fleet burning its engines to get into combat range. Around his ship, however, came the rest of the Blood Ravens fleet. They readied themselves, engine-hearts burning fiercely, and he felt a tight grin come across his face as the bombardment cannons began to ready themselves as well. If the Suysh wished to frame and build their vessels as if they were earthen, as if they were planetoid? They would be cracked apart like them too.<br/>
<br/>
“Attention all ships,” Hadrian’s fingers tightened over the throne’s edges as he leaned forward. “Fire at will!”<br/>
<br/>
Once more, the void between the planets and star of the system were lit up by weapons fire.<br/>
<br/>
“Come and die, xenos. This is the <i>Emperor</i>’s space. You are not welcome,” he hissed beneath his breath.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================<br/>​</div>Not every ship under Blood Raven control proceeded to the fight brewing on the edge of the system. The 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company fleet, newly assembled as it was, remained over the worlds and continued to batter them down with unceasing bombardment fire. This was what they were, quite literally, made for. Two strike cruisers they might have been, but for many a world throughout the warring galaxy one was enough. But perhaps just as important were their teleportariums, systems which sizzled and popped with unnatural airs and electricity as the techmarines and lesser Blood Raven psykers maintained their continued function. Of the four worlds to be reclaimed, it was Matsuya where a Queen had been properly located. Found thanks to the works of Captain Sicarius, and so it was he who earned the honor of leading the charge while the rest of the Chapter continued to fight on the other planets to keep them from organizing properly – though elements of every company were sent, of course, for given the records of the Deathwatch, they would need the help.<br/>
<br/>
Bluevein Mountain was the place, its hollowed out innards large enough to provide a safe home for the Queen that now inhabited it. Its mines were now resources for the alien, rather than humanity, and this could be allowed no longer. It had, in its time under the reptilian grip of the Suysh, become quite the bastion for the foe. Guard towers, sensor arrays, artillery, even patrolling aircraft were present. Here, there would be a number of the elites that could not have been found in the columns and bases elsewhere. But Captain Sicarius did not care. How could he? He had a target, and he had his brothers beside him. A number of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had even left their own assigned planet, momentarily at least, granting him aid in the form of Captain Cyrus who willingly subordinated himself for a time.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Bluevein Mountain Skirmishes<br/>
Infantry - 12 vs. 1<br/>
Vehicles - 32 vs. 12</b><br/>
<br/>
First came the distractions. Assaults along the edges, utilized thoroughly by the vehicles that would be far less effective in the tighter quarters of the mines. There were rapidly redeploying assault marines on jump packs appearing from the skies before departing back behind entrenched tactical marine lines. Wedges of predator tanks and razorbacks drove up, fired, and reversed away as the Suysh attempted to retaliate properly. From every direction around the mountain came the probes, the scorched and burnt remains of former defensive structures long-destroyed by the efforts of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company aiding such things. Assault bikes came screaming over the wasteland, while above the thunderhawks rained fiery death when they were not fighting it out with Suysh aircraft.<br/>
<br/>
Such a thing could not continue forever, of course.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Bluevein Mountain Insertions<br/>
86 vs. 16</b><br/>
<br/>
But when the moment was right, the Librarius sensing the moment that the defenses parted in a handful of specific locations, the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company struck. The targets were a trio of entrances into the mines, their defenders momentarily reassigned, all before more reinforcements could arrive or bubble up from the depths. The whole of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company tore through the Suysh with blistering long range weapons fire keeping them pinned in place for assault marines to leap down and slaughter those who hunkered down behind rock and steel. Captain Sicarius personally led the charge, firing his plasma cannon as he went, each blast of superheated death lighting the way as they fought their way into the tunnels. At the same time, the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, led by Gabriel, fought ever fiercer on the outside, their terminator-clad bodies presenting just as much if not more of a threat, forcing the Suysh to split their attentions even further. Such was the death they granted to so many xenos that a higher number of hungerers and royal guard emerged from the tunnels to strike under open air than remained within the mountain.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pushing Within Bluevein<br/>
48 vs. 37 <br/>
31 vs. 35<br/>
92 vs. 95</b><br/>
<br/>
Flamers of both xeno and Imperial design soon illuminated the caves, transforming a darkness that the Suysh could navigate without issue into a scorching light-filled hellscape. The Suysh knew why the enemy had come. Of course they did. This was the home of one of their Queens, and so the foe had come to kill her. They, rather predictably, began to swarm in defense of their precious hive. The most elite troops the alien possessed were sent forth, hulking monstrosities of hardened scales and inhuman musculature wielding weapons that even some marines would struggle to hold as easily. Dreadnought fought dreadnought-sized aliens, stomping tombs beginning to glow yellow under the sheer heat, granting the half-dead marine within horrifying sensation as their shriveled husks began to almost boil within the fluids that surrounded them. Chaplain Ravias, absent from the Fist of Faith that fought elsewhere in the system, bellowed vile curses and incandescent hatred towards the alien as he rallied those who stumbled from their wounds.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Unification<br/>
12 vs. 25<br/>
93 vs. 15<br/>
40 vs. 5</b><br/>
<br/>
Insertion had relied on a multi-pronged assault, rather than simply hoping that a single push could get the Blood Ravens inside. But after that had been achieved, they needed to try and regroup within. This proved to be harder than expected for one group, a number of 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company marines taking wounds as the Suysh tore and bit at their ceramite. In one case, a marine had his armor stripped entirely from one of his arms, the meat within then subsequently turned to melted flesh and bone, a waxy mockery of a true appendage that required immediate amputation. Elsewhere, Captain Sicarius and Captain Octavius alternatively shot a hole through the enemy or somehow managed to simply slip past. The cavern they found themselves in was one large enough to bear the scars of the Queens passing, a massive chamber which had once simultaneously been an ore processing plant and barracks for slave labor who would have never seen the light of day in their entire lives.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain,” Sicarius nodded briefly before twisting about and firing his weapon once more, unleashing a sphere of blinding light that soon erupted as it struck a royal guard in the chest.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain,” Cyrus grunted back as he fired again and again with his rifle, pausing for a moment to trigger a series of planted detonation packs which reduced a Suysh charge into nothing more than bloody chunks.<br/>
<br/>
Truly, it was unsettling how the Suysh were happy enough to gobble the giblets that remained of their brethren. A vast number of bloodscales had maws that were drenched in the ichor of their own kind, simply racing forward on all four limbs to get to the fight. A method of travel that easily allowed them to duck their head momentarily and scarf up as much meat as they could along the way. Others, those wounded, were similarly cannibalized by their fellows. The moment a Suysh was too crippled to fight, but not yet dead, those around them would reach over and tear out gobs of meat and bone for devouring, their weapons and gear seamlessly redistributed amongst the rest of their ‘squads’. More than one bloodscale now sported extra rifles and incendiary grenades than they had begun with.<br/>
<br/>
“Are we ready to descend?”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus simply nodded. The beacons were not too large, not like the bulky constructs that Boreale had demanded for his fighting, a chain rather than an island unto themselves. Sicarius fired again, bellowing for ammo to be brought up to him and then leapt down from the higher pile of rocks and ruined ore machinery he’d found himself atop. He paused only to slap the blood-covered pauldron of his chaplain before advancing. But that was signal enough. Ravias lifted his crozius high, its power fields still sparking and lashing out after being slammed into a charging hungerer’s chest and out through the back. The advanced systems within the chaplain’s armor came to life, his vox-cast booming out on every Blood Raven channel.<br/>
<br/>
“Brothers! Into the darkness we go! Into the foul alien hive we descend! We bring the Emperor’s light! We bring his fury! For we are, all of us,” he paused to smash the legs from beneath another hungerer and twisted his weapon about to obliterate its skull without stopping his movement, “Blood Ravens! We are the Angels of Death! MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
A resounding cheer went up, and the Blood Ravens responded.<br/>
<br/>
“MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Descent 1<br/>
30 vs. 81</b><br/>
<br/>
As a concentrated mass, the Blood Ravens struck deep, descending through passages caked with alien filth and architecture. It would be decades of work on the part of the Imperium to truly excise every remnant of their presence from this place. Hovels where noble human miners had once worked for twenty hours a day were now home to whole swarms of Suysh who curled about each other to share body heat when they were not on deployment. Machines that had once been blessed weekly by the Mechanicus now groaned under the weight of their alien modifications, forced into battle by raging Suysh who did all they could to force the invaders back. Yet, such was the capabilities of high quality ceramite that rather than melting innards, than boiling away armor, the Blood Ravens were simply left glowing under the immense heat more than anything else. For the Suysh, it was as if dozens of beings made of pure light were fighting against them.<br/>
<br/>
To be sure, however, many a weapon of the Blood Ravens were rendered inoperable either from damage or from the danger of continued use. Even the highest quality of plasma weaponry was delicate in terms of heat distribution at the best of times, and so even the Captain of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> had to resort to putting away his relic weaponry and took up the venerable bolter once more to continue the fight. Where ceramite provided, flesh happened to fail. The Suysh began to charge in greater and greater number, overwhelming squads and tearing ceramite apart under their own mediocre power weaponry. More than one marine felt his skin begin to blacken and flake away where the ceramite could no longer provide protection. Barrels began to deform, thermal sensors becoming less than useless at the same time.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Descent 2<br/>
43 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
Minutes stretched into hours. Hours stretched into days. Momentum for both sides began to slow as they ground against one another. The mountain became a charnel pit within the depths. It did not matter how many times an alien died, for the Suyush devoured all – bone, skin, meat, it made no differences. The ground could not become carpeted with bodies, for there were almost no bodies present. The Blood Ravens found themselves forced into ever tighter quarters, collapsing tunnels that would require much work to clear whenever the Imperium came upon them to restore the mines properly. Tertiary concerns, for ones such as space marines, but each was an outlying failure, at least in the mind of Captain Sicarius. Rather than a great plunging spear of death, they had been blunted again and again. Each time the Blood Ravens tried to redirect, to follow a new portion of the mine network, they found their efforts stymied. Blood was shed, apothecaries desperately worked to keep wounded marines alive. More than one who had found themselves wounded into suspended animation was revived not back in a proper apothecarium but upon the battlefield itself, their wounds patched just enough to return them to being able to at least fire a bolter or carry supplies.<br/>
<br/>
“We must push through!” A sergeant cried before he was buried in bodies.<br/>
<br/>
It took precious moments for the squad around him to slay every one of the creatures piling atop him, retrieving a bloodied but still living sergeant from beneath. Roaring, he revved his gore-clogged chainsword as he rose and threw it into the throat of a charging Suysh. Thankfully its momentum carried the soon-to-be corpse right back to him so he could grasp it around the hilt and tear it away. A vigorous shaking for a few seconds to clear the teeth was all he had time for before another mass of bodies hit him, heat-blasters and thermal cannons causing his exposed wounds to bubble and smoke. It seemed to do little but annoy the veteran of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company rather severely.<br/>
<br/>
“This isn’t working!” A newly promoted marine cried, “Push them ba - argh!”<br/>
<br/>
A stalker had gotten close, its stealth capabilities letting it dance around the press of bodies and cut out his throat. Though it scabbed over quickly, the marine nonetheless was momentarily dropped to his knees as his body worked overtime to keep the wound from being a fatal one.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================<br/>​</div>Gabriel slammed his hammer into the side of the Suysh tank, the eruption of the fields unleashed rocking it badly and blowing a hole into its hull. Within half a second of the first strike, a terminator had approached and plugged the new hole with their heavy flamer, triggering it to roast the Suysh inside. For all that they had far higher heat tolerance than normal humans, even they could not withstand the raw flames so easily. Screams came from within the tank, and even as a hatch opened an assault marine leapt atop the tank and slammed it back down with nothing more than their boot and the strength behind it. Before he could continue, the maelstrom of battle all around them still raging, the vox crackled.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master! This is Martellus. We’ve just received a long-range astropathic message from the Inquisitor!”<br/>
<br/>
Perplexed, Gabriel frowned as he surveyed the battlefield, rattling off orders even as he contemplated what Martellus was saying to him.<br/>
<br/>
“Here? Now? The campaign is not over yet. What were the contents of the message?”<br/>
<br/>
A loud clanging could be heard over the vox instead of an immediate answer as Martellus presumably tried to perform percussive maintenance on something or other.<br/>
<br/>
“It took a moment for the Librarius to decode the message,” he eventually said, “But it could be summarized as her being glad to inform us that she has found some allies for us, which should be arriving soon.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel ground his teeth as he remembered the revelation that Cyrus had brought him.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, we <i>were</i> going to have words about her choice in tools – there <i>will</i> be recompense for what her ‘aid’ have brought us,” he growled out. “For they have arrived and already left, having done little to aid us at all! This only means our ‘discussion’ will be sooner.”<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, that’s just it,” Martellus sounded surprised as he continued to read the message in print form, “I fear we have been deceived.”<br/>
<br/>
That was enough to give Gabriel pause while the rest of the Honor Guard fought around him.<br/>
<br/>
“Explain, Martellus.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================<br/>​</div><b>Naval Combat<br/>
47 vs. 45<br/>
51 vs. 54<br/>
84 vs. 90<br/>
33 vs. 12</b><br/>
<br/>
From the warp, they emerged, clad in contempt and pride. Thick, blocky vessels bearing proud emblems of the Imperium. They arrived at the rear of the battle where Suysh ships and Blood Raven vessels fought in close range. The <i>Omnis </i>slammed its armored prow through a cruiser, shattering it into a trio of flame-spewing pieces. Elsewhere, a pack of escorts fired with everything they had as another Suysh cruiser fired enough ballistic weaponry to make an ork take note right back. Damage was sustained, of course it was, but thus far Hadrian had kept from outright losing any ship, a prospect growing more and more difficult as the battle went on. Unlike Void-Slake, this new Queen was not slovenly and weak from lack of conflict, and was eager to board and land torpedoes through every void shield she could batter down. But then came a new fleet, a quartet of strike cruisers with over a dozen attendant nova escorts.<br/>
<br/>
Thunderhawks flew freely, joined by a number of stormravens, who bore familiar colors.<br/>
<br/>
Graviton surges began to fluctuate throughout the entire system soon after. Minor earthquakes could be felt on all four planets, while their orbital stations came dangerously close to being broken out of orbit. The reason for this became clear as a large battle barge came barreling out of the warp directly over Matsuya, firing out its first drop pods before the tear into the warp could even finish closing. From the vox came a system-wide broadcast that sparked even in the helmets of those within Bluevein, a bombastic bellow of near deafening proportions – even to a space marine’s ears.<br/>
<br/>
“What ho, foul xenos! Thou hast erred greatly in thine perfidious manner, for these planets be the Emperor’s worlds and none others! You face no longer but one chapter of his Angels of Death, but two!”<br/>
<br/>
The emblem of the Scarlet Lions was emblazoned across the vessel, its designation finding its way into the cogitators seconds later. The <i>Scion of Honor</i> bent in places, here and there, as the graviton surges sought to tear the ship apart for daring to appear as it had, but for a wonder the superstructure held. From his place in the <i>Sacred Crown</i> with its advanced sensory technologies linked with those of the orbital stations, the Master of the Forge winced as he saw the stress fractures and flickering to the void shielding which would no doubt require long hours of repair. Yet he couldn’t help but be impressed as the venerable battle barge refused to allow its defiance of conventional warp travel wisdom – and the laws of physics – to deter it.<br/>
<br/>
“Know this well, creatures of the darkness! The Scarlet Lions have come! <i>I, </i>Bartorius, have come! 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company, deploy!”<br/>
<br/>
Within the next five minutes, a hundred space marines had landed upon the planet.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================<br/>​</div>Gabriel’s expression could be described, if anyone could see it within his helm, as one of blatant disbelief.<br/>
<br/>
“Martellus, are they actual Scarlet Lions?”<br/>
<br/>
“I…,”<br/>
<br/>
“Confirm if they are or not, Martellus!” Gabriel snarled before striding back into battle to clear his mind.<br/>
<br/>
“One moment, Chapter Master,” Martellus said breathlessly, hands almost dancing over consoles. “It…appears they are telling the truth. Every identifier, every code-sequence, call and response…they <i>are</i> Scarlet Lions.”<br/>
<br/>
“If that is the case,” Gabriel tore another hungerer’s head off, letting a trio of scrabbling bloodscales fail to do more than scratch the paint on his armor. A solid swipe of his fist slew one, then the next, while the third was shot off of him by one of the Honor Guard, “Who, by the Unknown Primarch, <i>were the others</i>?”<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t know!” Martellus shouted back. “I’m sorry, Chapter Master, but their codes were just as up-to-date!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================<br/>​</div>“BLOOD RAVENS!” Sicarius did not wince as the sound came blasting through his vox, “Blood Ravens, do you read?!”<br/>
<br/>
“This is Captain Sicarius, who is this,” he replied with calm that he most certainly did not feel.<br/>
<br/>
“Worry not, fellow sons of the Emperor!” Was the almost cheerful voice’s response. “We, the Scarlet Lions, have come to work towards the destruction of these aliens alongside you! The Inquisitor briefed us. Your location, and the teleportarium repeater beacons you’ve placed along your path, tells mine mind that you hath located one of their despicable Queens!”<br/>
<br/>
All around Sicarius, the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company fought a desperate battle, launching grenades in a constant staccato towards tunnel entrances that many a Suysh continued to charge through. Elsewhere, a wall collapsed as a number of monstrous royal guard came through it, screeching in their click-hiss tongue. Behind them, floating above them, psychic energies sparking around their body, was one of the horrific psykers of the Suysh. With a gesture, a number of marines screamed and fell to the ground, hands clutching at their skulls as blood began to be pulled violently from their upper orifices.<br/>
<br/>
“We are currently attempting to slay one, yes!” He answered as he fired towards the psyker. “Someone kill that creature, now!”<br/>
<br/>
“Trajan,” Cyrus growled. “Go!”<br/>
<br/>
The epistolary leapt to the fore, his staff bathed in pure psychic light.<br/>
<br/>
“Face me!” The marine roared.<br/>
<br/>
“We would aid you, then, save your denial of such an action! Tell us, Blood Raven, thine desire!”<br/>
<br/>
Sicarius glanced about him. At where marines were being dragged back by their fellows, their wounds requiring patching if only to keep them from dying outright. Towards a tomb-brother, his enormous mechanical tomb collapsed to the side as its reactor was simultaneously kept from erupting while continuing uninterrupted function. To do otherwise, to fail, would be to ensure that the systems keeping the marine within alive failed as well. Pride briefly flared in chest at the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company, <i>his</i> Company, requiring aid. But he felt the eye of Cyrus on him, the tales of Apollo Diomedes and Boreale echoing in his mind the whole while.<br/>
<br/>
“Aid us if you can! Techmarines, transmit teleportarium permissions!”<br/>
<br/>
“Ha<i>ha</i>! Verily, then! Glorious battle awaits us, and we shall be as brothers in shedding blood!”<br/>
<br/>
The air was filled with crackling lightning and tainted ozone before lights of unknown origin spread throughout the cavern flared. A resounding cacophony of thunderous miniature explosions heralded the arrival of new marines. At their head was a marine with a white helm with crimson wings along the sides. He appeared to have teleported with his power sword held high in one hand, a bolt pistol in the other. He looked, by armor design and weapon choice, close enough to what Cyrus had seen before. This was not a good thing, by the cynic’s reckoning.<br/>
<br/>
“Scarlet Lions! With me, mine brethren! UNCEASING!”<br/>
<br/>
With that, he rocketed upwards on a jump pack before redirecting and landing right back down into the enemy. All around him, over a hundred more marines bearing the heraldry of the Scarlet Lions joined him.<br/>
<br/>
“UNCEASING!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Lions And Ravens<br/>
42 vs. 26<br/>
42 vs. 19</b><br/>
<br/>
Sicarius was not far behind, charging forward into the stumbling foe with almost reckless abandon. He may have accepted the aid, for now, of these interlopers. But that did not mean for a single second that he would let them do all the work. All that he had required was for something to break the deadlock. The Scarlet Lions had provided such, and he would ensure that his own brothers could take advantage of it. He noted all he could as marines of both chapters charged. An absolute abundance of power weaponry and bolt pistols lent credence to a far more close-range specialty amongst these Scarlet Lions compared to those who had been present before, though they had a number of marines laden with heavy weaponry at the same time.<br/>
<br/>
“Forward, Blood Ravens! Forward! In the name of the Unknown Primarch, let none find us wanting!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================<br/>​</div><b>Void Resolution<br/>
32 vs. 25</b><br/>
<br/>
The last of the Suysh reinforcement ships hung in the void, shattered to the last. Such was their frustratingly sturdy construction that the Mechanicus would likely be able to obtain many a sample from the debris field that had been created. Hadrian grit his teeth at the damage reports for some of the ships, but overall they were all perfectly stable and ready for battle once more if required. He would, of course, prefer that every vessel under his command came out pristine from every conflict, but that was a passing fancy, an impossibility that he spared but a handful of seconds to dream of. As it was, with Martellus doing some patchwork at the <i>Sacred Crown</i>, the techmarines and servitors already present on the ships, and a few weeks, they could leave the system any time. But with interdiction work complete, he could at least return to bombardment efforts.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain,” a servitor buzzed from somewhere on the bridge. “We are receiving a communication from one of the Scarlet Lion vessels – identified as the <i>Purity’s Blade</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
“Put them through,” he muttered, attention splitting itself to take care of a dozen tasks besides the conversation.<br/>
<br/>
“Salutations, fellow sons of the Emperor!”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian blinked, his mind momentarily derailed by both the words and archaic gothic.<br/>
<br/>
“Greetings…?” Hadrian let his question continue into the silence.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah! A folly of mine own enthusiasm,” the speaker said with tight and disturbingly genuine recrimination in their voice. “I doth have the honor to be Captain Kallek, of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company of the Scarlet Lions!”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian’s attention slowly began to turn more and more weight to the conversation. For he knew, as did all of the captaincy and others amongst the leadership, that such a thing was required to be patently false lest another to have deceived them. Almost unbidden, twitches of his thoughts and wishes were translated by the command throne into silent and secure communications with the rest of his ships. Steadily, the Blood Raven fleet extracted itself from the debris field and formed up, making sure to keep the Scarlet Lion vessels in front of them at all times.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain? Not master?” He said instead of the immediate accusations that came to mind.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah? Hah, no,” Kallek said with a slowly fading boisterousness, “In the manner of the Lion’s sons, eh? No. Well, perhaps,” he replied slowly, contemplation obvious through the static-filled vox. “It is still up for debate.”<br/>
<br/>
“What do you mean?”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian steadily began to blink out a call to alert and arms amongst his company once more, standing down his original schedule of having them return to quarters. This might yet, he knew, come to a new fight.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah, it is but to our shame that the Scarlet Lions know not our Primarch,” Kallek sighed loudly with a painful grief. “Tis an old wound, verily, suffered sometime in the 34th Millenium that our homeworld was destroyed by the vagaries of Chaos, demanding that we be bound ‘pon the stars, whilst simultaneously destroying much of our records and histories of the past.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian just stared at the tactical screen displaying the Scarlet Lions fleet that slowly floated past in the void.<br/>
<br/>
“And none others remembered?”<br/>
<br/>
It was not the question he wanted to ask, but it was the one that came out first. Now all of him was intensely focused upon the speaker. He felt the old ache, the painful urge, the blazing fire that had consumed so many Blood Ravens in the past. Over the possibility, the question, the absolute certainty that the information <i>was</i> out there, and that they simply had to find it. One way or another, the Blood Ravens <i>would</i> know their origin, and here, then, was yet another chapter who knew not had been their progenitor?<br/>
<br/>
“In part, in parcel,” Kallek admitted, “References to our name, our heroes and champions, in the records to other chapters, but none as to that question’s answer so specifically.”<br/>
<br/>
It was not another denial, another Inquisitor denying information, and yet Hadrian felt the wound to his heart as if it had been.<br/>
<br/>
“We, too, know not our Primarch,” he said through suddenly dry lips. “We…have searched for so long…”<br/>
<br/>
“Ah. Then I can do naught but wish thine efforts luck, rather more than us Scarlet Lions. By the order of Chapter Master Platon in the 35<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Millennium, we ended ours.”<br/>
<br/>
That, more than anything, brought Hadrian up short. His mind simply could not grasp, in those first few seconds, the words that had just been spoken.<br/>
<br/>
“Excuse me?”<br/>
<br/>
“He reason’d that it didst not matter,” Kallek said, his previous cheer slowly returning to him, “We art still yet loyal sons of the Emperor. We still serve His Imperium. We couldst and shall not doth nothing more than honor Him in that.”<br/>
<br/>
There were a number of blinking lights in the back of his mind, insistent requests for confirmation on whether or not to attack or prepare defenses, whether to reassign techmarines and servitors from hull repair to weapon readying. He both saw them and saw them not.<br/>
<br/>
“But you do not <i>know</i>!” He almost hissed, his voice becoming something quite unlike his normal voice.<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, thy words be truth,” Kallek somehow managed to communicate a shrug with those words. “But the writings of Platon are required writings for all initiates to memorize.”<br/>
<br/>
Then he coughed slightly, clearing his throat.<br/>
<br/>
“‘And know this, mine brothers, there doth not exist a shame greater than to fail thine Emperor, to besmirch His legacy. We must, therefore and henceforth, never do so. Our father be without name, and yet we know the Emperor, and thus, who we wilt honor. Thine blood, thine gene-seed, be His legacy, before any others. Know this for sooth, and know that no other detail of origin matters. We are the Emperor’s chosen, his Angels of Death. We are his Scarlet Lions,’” Kallek finished his reciting with reverence.<br/>
<br/>
“But-,”<br/>
<br/>
“But aye, enough of such things!”<br/>
<br/>
The engines on the Scarlet Lion ships flared as they began heading towards the planets.<br/>
<br/>
“We hath come to assist in thine retrieval of these worlds in His name, not merely pontificate! Let us engage in glorious battle together!”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian twitched before ordering his ships to turn about and do the same as their peers.<br/>
<br/>
“And you know you are not of the Lion’s sons?”<br/>
<br/>
“A most intriguing subject, forsooth, one mind brethren have debated for generations, but alas, the sons of the Lion say they know us not,” Kallek managed to verbally shrug once more. “In truth, our name cometh from the now extinct Lemnian scarlet lions, whose mighty frames once stalked the red grasses of our homeworld Lemnos. Before Chaos came, that is.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================<br/>​</div><b>Descending<br/>
99 vs. 5<br/>
46 vs. 23<br/>
35 vs. 77<br/>
90 vs. 1</b><br/>
<br/>
For a week and a half, the Blood Ravens had been stymied in their efforts within the Bluevein Mines. No longer. With the Scarlet Lions supporting them, they plunged into the deeps with absolute purpose and unshakeable fury. For all that the Suysh defenses grew ever more desperate, more and more bodies being thrown in the way, they could not be stopped. Three space marine captains, two of Blood Raven origin and the third from the strange Scarlet Lions, led their combined forces deep within, one mile, then another beneath the surface of the world. Every variety of the alien was represented in those deeps, all serving the will of their Queen. Clawborn in their tens of thousands, whose vast numbers could not be put to proper work due to the tightness of the tunnels the space marines traveled through, the caverns that the blew apart. Bloodscales, veterans, who found all their experience shredding apart Imperial Guard doing nothing to prepare them for the fury of dozens of power sword-wielding Scarlet Lions. Crimson crashed into scarlet, and one hue soon overwhelmed the other.<br/>
<br/>
One level after another they went down, any mine elevators an absolute impossibility to make use of due to the surety of sabotage and open vulnerability to enemy attacks. Instead, they trudged their way through filth-ridden tunnels, transforming alien barracks into slaughterhouses, abattoirs in revenge for the many humans killed here by xeno hands. They took the paths that had been carved into the rock and dirt first, before the elevators could be built, through older mine shafts that had been closed off due to having been exhausted. Here, they found hungerers, the ogryn-sized brutes roaring out of the shadows. Heat-blade struck power-sword, primitive and divergent technology managing to hold up to the ancient blades that the Scarlet Lions wielded. For a time, at least, before the Blood Ravens shot the hungerers apart as they were forced into such blade-locks. Also came stalkers, assassins of xeno origin who leapt from the ceiling, from the corner, from behind despite the impossibility of managing to gone unseen, and struck at every single vulnerable spot they could before dying. Wounds were taken, of course, but none truly fatal or crippling. No, the greater portion of these came from the cabals of void screamers, the alien psykers achieving in number what none could do individually. More than one Scarlet Lion was immolated by soul-searing flames, a pair of 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company marines similarly lost to bolts of piercing ice that managed to turn their blood solid within their bodies – only to shatter them moments later.<br/>
<br/>
In time, they reached the hollowed out deeper portions, places where given time clouds might even have formed within the enormous caverns. Here, entire cities and factorums had been built, now inhabited by nothing even resembling a human. Here, drilling and refining machinery that were as large as homes trundled back and forth. Here, at the absolute lowest point, after a full month of fighting downwards, did the space marines come upon the Queen. The rumors did not disappoint, nor did the Deathwatch records. In the far distance, over a large stretch of plains which positively <i>boiled</i> with an ocean of Suysh bodies, was a bloated and fattened lizard creature, all fat and bulbous compared to the harsh angles and metals of an Imperial Knight, yet equal in general size. She sat at the direct center of the cavern, surrounded on all sides by an ocean of white eggs all around her. Even as they watched, several more piles of such things came spewing out of a series of holes along the lower back of the skin, slick with a disgusting mucous and slime that kept them form shattering as they felt to the ground below.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah! There lies the beast, sloth and malice pon her brow!” The Scarlet Lion’s commander cried out, swinging his power sword slowly through the air as he stalked back and forth.<br/>
<br/>
He was, as it turned out, the same one who had introduced the Scarlet Lions into the system at all. Force Commander Bartorius, also known as the Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company, was utterly indefatigable, or so it seemed. He was near matchless with the blade, as Cyrus had seen, and seemed like he was either promoted from being a chaplain or had suffered a gross disservice in terms of specialist selection. In that he talked loudly and often, focused just as much on buoying the spirits of his fellow marines as he was in fighting. In the past month, not only Cyrus but <i>every</i> marine of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company had heard a great many tales of the Scarlet Lions. An apparent philosopher in their Chapter Master Platon, who had died fighting in one of the Black Crusades. Of the ‘Naiser Crusade’, one that Cyrus had never heard of but had dealt with over a hundred worlds brought back into the Imperium’s light. The hunting down and slaying of the Chaos warband who had been responsible for destroying the world of Lemnos, the homeworld of the Scarlet Lions, thousands and thousands of years ago.<br/>
<br/>
“She’s completely surrounded,” Cyrus grunted, “We would be charging to our death trying to get through all of that.”<br/>
<br/>
“You speak truly, Cyrus. However, there may be another way,” Sicarius motioned them over.<br/>
<br/>
All around them, their combined forces were fighting, for the Suysh had become very aware of their presence. Even now, surges were beginning to arrive at a momentarily recaptured mining factorum which was serving as their forward operating base. The aliens greatly outnumbered them, and in this cavern there were none of the spaces that the space marines could normally use to remove numbers as an effective disadvantage. Heavy bolters, lascannons, missile launchers, and heavy flamers were being used in heavy abundance, just enough to keep the enemy back for now. It would not last. Something needed to be done, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
“Speak, noble Raven,” Bartorius said without looking at Sicarius. “Let us not mince breath!”<br/>
<br/>
“We go up and over, drop down, and slay her, all while carrying teleportarium beacons with us.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus merely raised an eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
“We brought climbing equipment with us, did we not?” Sicarius said hotly to the unasked question.<br/>
<br/>
“In case of cave collapses, mine-shaft lateral and vertical movement requirements, and the like,” Cyrus said grudgingly. “But we don’t have enough for everyone here, not nearly.”<br/>
<br/>
“We don’t need to,” the taller marine shook his head. “All we need to do is get over here, and slay her, then teleport out.”<br/>
<br/>
“You’ll need quite the distraction to keep them from noticing marines clambering up the cavern walls and ceilings.”<br/>
<br/>
“Then, I would’st pontificate that our course be clear, then,” Bartorius mag-locked his blade to his hip just so he could put his fists upon them instead. “You, sir, hold thyself as one truly skilled with the shadows. Whilst you and yond brethren clamber in darkness, let us present a light to <i>demand</i> their attentions!”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus just looked at Sicarius.<br/>
<br/>
“He’s not wrong, Cyrus. It was what I was planning to suggest anyhow.”<br/>
<br/>
“You don’t want to go yourself?”<br/>
<br/>
“I would not risk the campaign simply for slaying but one Queen,” Sicarius bit back in a guttural growl, one of his fists clenching at his side. “There are more, besides.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus simply looked at him before nodding curtly.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well then. Pull back to a more defensible position. We’ll gather up the explosives we’ll need before heading out.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Distraction<br/>
75 vs. 55</b><br/>
<br/>
The factorum was abandoned, a new location found. This was a raised hill, one where an entire administratum complex was located. Once, it had been a place for hundreds of adepts and their mountains of papers and data slates to be organized. Once, the information that flowed in and out of that place could have staggered an un-augmented mind. But now, all of the aid servitors were gone, the cogitators ripped out or destroyed, the walls barren of Imperial tapestries and artwork. Even the statues of the Emperor and his most loyal sons and greatest saints were gone, long ago having been melted down into ammo to be fired into Imperial lines. But while the Blood Ravens might not have been sons of Dorn, they could still admirably fortify their location. The Scarlet Lions even volunteered to keep the enemy away to allow them more time. All the while, a large number of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company relied on every bit of their stealth training to clamber upwards at a steady pace. They carried amongst them simply tremendous amounts of explosives, abandoning all but a combat knife and teleportarium repeaters on their persons, such was the demand for speed and stealth.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Climbing<br/>
43 vs. 30</b><br/>
<br/>
Below, the battle grew ever fiercer. Suysh began to swarm along and up the slopes that had been prepared by the space marines. The entire complement of mines that the Blood Ravens had brought with them were. Towers at the almost keep-like structure became heavy weapon hard points, firing down at every foe they could sight. The walls were manned by over a hundred marines, throwing grenades and firing bolters without a moment of pause. Occasionally, the assault marines would use their steadily depleting jump pack fuel to leap up, over, and then down into the enemy to shatter charge attempts and ruin alien momentum. The Scarlet Lions leapt back and forth, every attempt to take the walls faltering before their blistering assaults. Unfortunately, unlike the marines themselves, the walls were not made of ceramite. Thermal cannon blasts, not just from royal guard but from advancing fang tanks as well, began to melt holes in the walls that required the Scarlet Lions to descend below to both beat back insertions and reduce their strength upon the walls. There was little point in trying to plug such gaps wholly, they had not the material nor time to do so, and anything that was shoved into place would be melted soon after more likely than not. All that mattered was that the techmarines were able to construct the largest possible teleportarium repeater beacon at the very center of the complex.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus saw none of this, for he and a number of his most experienced scouts had been clambering vertically and then horizontally for hours. They did not pause. They did not have time to.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battling Defense<br/>
12 vs. 49</b><br/>
<br/>
A space marine next to Sicarius had just enough time to roar in pain before his head detonated. Another alien psyker howled with laughter as they floated back and forth at insane angles and speeds. Elsewhere, a number of fang tanks fired as one and blew apart one of the sections of the wall, sending both Blood Ravens and Scarlet Lions to the ground far below in terrible crashes. Some were wounded, some were not, but all were soon surrounded as Suysh clambered through the hole blown in the wall. Some were torn at by a dozen different heat-blades and razor sharp claws, others had close-range ballistic weaponry crack and chip holes into their armor, many were reduced to outright fighting on their backs against the enemy despite the wounds that began to grow in number and scope. It was then that Scarlet Lions began to carve their fellows free, bolt pistols booming and power weapons flaring with power. Sicarius watched this, firing his plasma cannon all the while, before once more activating the vox. But the signal was weak and flickering this far beneath the earth, and repeaters and boosters for the teleportarium did not do the same for the vox. Still, he tried. He had to.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, do you read? Gabriel, this is Macharius Sicarius! If you can read me, we require aid at the furthest point! We’ve located the Queen, but we are being overrun!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Vox Call<br/>
64</b><br/>
<br/>
For a moment, there was nothing but static, making Sicarius grit his teeth.<br/>
<br/>
“We are on the way, brother-captain! Hold until we can reinforce you!”<br/>
<br/>
The Captain of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company released his breath explosively as he unconsciously nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well, Chapter Master. We <i>will</i> hold!”<br/>
<br/>
To punctuate his statement, he turned and fired the plasma cannon once more as another hole was opened up in the walls. The shot went directly into a screaming hungerer’s maw, the resulting superheated explosion taking out a number of its nearby fellows as well. To his immense anger and frustration, the aliens were beginning to turn the old mining machines of the mountain against them. Enormous drills and digging machines were beginning to chug their way up the paths, the Suysh seamlessly parting around them to let them forward. Growling, Sicarius made his way up the walls once more and began barking orders to focus on them. The fang tanks blowing holes in, he could handle, as well as the infantry, but a single one of those machines could collapse an entire quadrant of the complex walls.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Holding<br/>
13 vs. 71</b><br/>
<br/>
“Agh! Damn the Mechanicus for their doughty construction and palmy machines!” Shouted Bartorius as another series of missile strikes utterly failed to do more than to scratch the paint off of one of the ever closer mining machines. “Were these damnable things personally blessed by the Omnissiah?!”<br/>
<br/>
It seemed so, at least, as a ridiculous amount of ammo had been expended – wasted, really – trying to destroy or at least halt the machines in their progress. But for little more than soot marks and scored paint. Sicarius had stopped bothering minutes ago, instead focusing on destroying targets that he knew would truly suffer. Dialing up the cannon to its maximal mode, every miniature sun that he unleashed upon the aliens below struck down a tank. Often included in such vaporized carnage were several Suysh at the same time. But it could not last, and he knew it. As did Bartorius, though he showed it little other than his increasingly elaborate curses upon the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
“We must pull back to the inner portions of the complex, these walls will be lost soon!”<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius did not answer immediately, instead firing his bolt pistol into the crowds below until it clicked empty. He cursed beneath his breath before mag-locking it to his armor and nodding at Sicarius.<br/>
<br/>
“Verily, forsooth we must ready ourselves for the press that shall no doubt come! Back, brothers! Back! To yon inner defenses we must away!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Tactical Withdrawal<br/>
63 vs. 81</b><br/>
<br/>
It was the best that could be done, with the walls literally crumbling all around them. When the first of the digging machines burst their way through entirely, allowing the tide of aliens within, the Blood Ravens and Scarlet Lions had only completed a certain portion of the retreat. Certain groups were overtaken, and though many hacked their way free, they did so carrying the bodies of their wounded who were already beginning to curl into sus-an states. Others were not so lucky, and found themselves torn apart in screaming pieces before furious apothecaries could push their way through to rescue the precious gene-seed, in turn taking their own grievous injuries in the pursuit of their course. Still, they pulled, and pushed, leaving bouquets of grenades behind them as they went, others who had managed to reach the inner sections of the complex already turning about to fire over the heads of withdrawing marines.<br/>
<br/>
Then Sicarius, who had managed to clamber to one of the higher towers left stable, and grimaced further. Even if every dreadnought in the chapter had been present, from every company, they would have been outnumbered five to one by the oncoming royal guards. The largest possible variations of their kind, second only to the Queen who squawked and screeched at them from over two miles away. They thundered up the hill, battering aside any Suysh who got in their way with merciless violence. Those whose bodies were broken by this provided little more than meaty chunks for their fellows to feast upon as the greater mass surged forwards.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reinforcements<br/>
41 vs. 28</b><br/>
<br/>
It started slowly and with an odd delay, one that – aside from Trajan Maphar who fell to one knee as he felt the warp twist about – only the techmarines could track through their readouts. Hidden here and there, the repeater beacons briefly flared, and within the mountain, within the inner and last portion of the complex not overrun, there was the scent of tainted ozone and the faintest of ethereal howling which nonetheless filled the ears of everyone present. Human or otherwise. Then with a blinding series of flashes, the entire 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company of the Blood Ravens and the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company of the Scarlet Lions came into being. Thankfully, the beacon placement and strength was enough that they did not lose anyone within the mountain or the warp, but the techmarines seemed rather agitated as they went over the latest of the beacons with whirring mechadendrites.<br/>
<br/>
They did not arrive all at once, obviously, but nonetheless did so quickly enough that it almost did not matter. The terminator-clad Blood Ravens did not even pause, already spinning up their lascannons and assault cannons as they pushed to the fore. The Scarlet Lions, for their part, delivered devastator squad after devastator squad onto the battlefield. One of them, his winged helm a close mirror to the one that Bartorius possessed, leapt upwards and joined is fellow with the aid of a jump pack. Unlike the sword that Bartorius held, this one held no ranged weapon at all, both arms instead bearing lightning claws.<br/>
<br/>
“Bartorius! How fares you, Force Commander?”<br/>
<br/>
The Scarlet Lion turned and splayed his arms wide, a fierce bubble of laughter makings its way out of his throat.<br/>
<br/>
“Hah! Kleonoi! I doth find this a most testing battle, but then, how could it not be!”<br/>
<br/>
They exchanged wrist-claps that clanked their blood-soaked ceramite together.<br/>
<br/>
“My heart swells with the sight of my brothers in the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company, Kleonoi, though mine own 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> are my most preferred, of course. With haste, though, for we must fight these vile things away here and now!”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course!”<br/>
<br/>
Then both were leaping into the fray, leaving Sicarius to exchange a look with his Chapter Master. Gabriel simply looked down at him, eyebrow raised, otherwise expressionless.<br/>
<br/>
“Are they all like that?” Sicarius finally asked.<br/>
<br/>
“In the limited time I have spent fighting alongside Captain Kleonoi, I regret to inform you that it seems to be so,” Gabriel told him in a tired voice that soon faded when he saw the alien hordes approaching them. “But there will be time for questions on such things later, and we <i>will</i> be speaking as to the character of Akermian,” he growled, marching forward with his hammer rising with him. “For now, we fight! Come, Blood Ravens! With me!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div>Cyrus had done a lot of things in his centuries of life, but this would rank amongst the more dangerous, he thought. Around him, the rest of the scouts watched as he slowly packed more and more explosives together. Some of them were holding themselves to the rock with nothing more than fingers and their boots. Others had worked hard to chisel in holes for certain portions of their body to be held. Due to the height of the cavern, the enormous mountain hollowed out over generations of human lives, they were wholly covered in shadow. It was not as if the Administratum or Mechanicus would have seen the point in expending the resources to light it all up. Nor was it such a cavern that it could possess its own major weather patterns – save for occasionally winds. Nonetheless, with their camo cloaks shrouding them all they looked nothing more than like bats, with Cyrus commanding the appearance more than any other with his legs hooked to the ceiling and the rest of him pointing directly down.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain…,” one of the scouts said, breaking the silence of the past few hours. “Are you sure about this?”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus looked over to them, his hands continuing the assembly work.<br/>
<br/>
“The Queen needs to be killed, does she not, scout?”<br/>
<br/>
“But, you’ll be marked…,”<br/>
<br/>
“If that is so, then we will use that to our advantage if at all possible. If not, we will adapt. It is the way of things.”<br/>
<br/>
There was a final foreboding click, and they all looked at the enormous package he held with both arms.<br/>
<br/>
“Tell me, initiate,” he grunted before letting it hang in the open air with only one arm still clutching at it.<br/>
<br/>
The weight of it was straining, even for him, yet still he held on.<br/>
<br/>
“Have you ever hear the tales of Kronus, and the Thur'Abis Plateau?”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================<br/>​</div><b>Withstanding<br/>
82 vs. 66</b><br/>
<br/>
“What?!” Bartorius roared in outrage before slicing apart another bloodscale, twisting about to kick a clawborn up into the air where it was shot apart by other Scarlet Lions. “Falsehood and mockery! The valorous Kallek hath held the mantle of Captain of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company for over a century, and thither hath never been one such named as ‘Akermian’ pon our ranks of leadership!”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel had seen little point to waiting in making his concerns known, and better now, where the Scarlet Lions were already engaged in combat, than later when they might be in a situation to lie with greater ease. As it was, the Force Commander of the Scarlet Lions was not taking the news particularly well.<br/>
<br/>
“And yet they were here! Using <i>your</i> heraldry, and <i>your</i> battle cry!”<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius snarled and backhanded another clawborn and stomped across the battlefield over to Gabriel, firing his bolt pistol almost absentmindedly at charging xenos as he went. Once it clicked empty he grabbed the larger marine by the armor and turned him slightly to better face him.<br/>
<br/>
“I would see the truth of this, Blood Raven, lest I demand satisfaction for the besmirching of our good name!” He choked out in a voice full of rage that nearly shook the Lion apart.<br/>
<br/>
“Should we all survive this fight, have no doubt about <i>that</i>, Bartorius,” Gabriel growled, shoving the Scarlet Lion away. “There are Blood Ravens dead by the actions of those bearing your banner. We shall <i>both</i> have retribution, one way or another before this campaign is done.”<br/>
<br/>
Both were forced to duck, if only momentarily, as a flight of Suysh VTOLs came screaming overhead on an attack run. Weaponry both ballistic and thermal blanketed the field even as return fire came spitting back up. One of the Suysh craft was hit in just the right portion of its engine to send it careening downward into a mass of xenos. Most, however, survived the return salvo and rocketed away to resupply. They glared at one another across the blood and rubble-strewn grounds before both turned away to their respective commands. Neither was willing to risk giving an inch to the alien, even if they did not particularly care for one another.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Winds Of Death<br/>
71</b><br/>
<br/>
The winds of the cavern blew one way, then the other. The continual explosions, the general heat levels that would grant the touch of heat stroke to mortal men without specialized equipment, and further holes bored into the earth were the creators of this. But there was a pattern to them, one that had been painstakingly observed during the travel. One that his mind had calculated in a long-running process since the moment he had begun ascent. One that, even now, he quadruple-checked before nodding. Tensing, he curled his body inwards and then out, beginning to swing himself back and forth. In. Out. In. Out. Then, at the exact right moment, he let go. Death fell with nothing more than a quiet beep to announce itself. A blast of wind, the result of a hundred tanks firing, of thermal drafts blooming from cannons booming, and it whipped directly opposite the direction he’d thrown it. This, of course, was planned. For after continuing to fall, it twisted about in the air as it was tugged in another direction entirely by the drafts coming from the northern tunnels of the mine, who had consistently released such with absolute precision within a miniscule second difference from each instance to the next. There was no such divergence here either, at least none worth noting.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus watched and waited, barely bothering to breathe, his face an absolute study in concentration.<br/>
<br/>
Eventually, the package achieved terminal velocity.<br/>
<br/>
Down it went, its descent only somewhat arrested here and there as it was shifted horizontally by the winds, but never was its progress truly stymied. One minute passed. Then another. The distance was considerable, after all. But he knew explosives better than anyone in the rest of the entire chapter, save perhaps Martellus who by dint of his position knew secrets of Mars that not even Cyrus was personally privy to. There was nothing more than a quiet beep to mark its passage through the darkness of the cavern, even when it passed from darkness into fell light borne of xeno-inspired industry and life. The attendant army that encircled the Queen were enough noise pollution on their own, thousands of feet stomping, tanks rumbling, hiss-clicks of their foul speech filling the air. None of which was as loud as the disgusting wheezes of the Queen herself, or the regular bursts of mucous and slime from her laying orifices which were continually producing new egg clusters. Around her were entire clusters of alien psykers, the warp screamers bathed in psychic fires or wreathed in discolored lightning.<br/>
<br/>
It was an army capable of matching one of the Imperium’s, in many a circumstance. A full Imperial Crusade, perhaps, could crush and destroy their race. But stretched as the Imperium was in all directions, one simply could not be marshaled for such an effort. Not when Armageddon teetered on the brink of destruction, when all of the realm of Ultramar was embroiled in conflict with Hive Fleet Leviathan, when so many battlefields and crusades had already been called across the galaxy. But such a thing was, perhaps, not needed.<br/>
<br/>
Or at least, that was what Cyrus thought when the combined explosives of the entire 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company of the Blood Ravens and many of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company of the Scarlet Lions, along with scavenged Suysh munitions impacted the top of the Suysh Queen’s head and exploded. Plasma and melta and vortex combined into a concurrent explosion of epic proportions, and in a resounding series of shockwaves which made many of the closest aliens around the Queen being thrown to their feet. Despite the grim captain’s words, it was of course not nearly the same level of detonation achieved by the immensely powerful plasma bomb that had once been used on the planet of Kronus. For all that it nearly shook all of the scouts off of the roof that they clung to with desperate strength.<br/>
<br/>
But it was close enough.<br/>
<br/>
Once the light had faded, the Queen from the waist up was gone, leaving only charred and smoking ruin behind.<br/>
<br/>
“Return, return now!” Cyrus shouted suddenly, and the teleportarium beacons began to flicker and vibrate heavily as the warp was once more torn open.<br/>
<br/>
The techmarines clustered around the largest assembled repeater shouted the same as <i>no one</i> in the entire cavern could possibly have missed the explosion. High in orbit, the ships responded to the signal that appeared on their consoles. Within seconds, they began to activate. For a wonder, the Suysh had ceased their attacks entirely, as it turned out, allowing a great many of the wounded to be pulled to their feet so that a teleportarium could pull groups out. From the largest of the royal guard, to the clawborn who were just beginning to push their way out of their wet shells, every xeno visible had paused in their movement. This hesitance lasted but a moment, but for Trajan Maphar, it was an eternity. It was worse, as it turned out, due to his lack of injury putting him towards the end of the priority list on evacuation protocol.<br/>
<br/>
The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company epistolary could only scream as his eyes and began to gush blood, his entire body locking up from the titanic forces being unleashed just on the other side of the veil of reality.<br/>
<br/>
For he saw, in truth, the form of a Suysh Queen.<br/>
<br/>
What had been a bloated pathetic thing in flesh was a horror of magnificence in the warp. The leviathan-sized soul of the Suysh Queen, already being torn asunder by predators and harvester creatures who desired any and all possible sustenance. Its body twisted and writhed under the attentions of those that would soon end it, but he saw, truly, what it was. Laced psycho-reactive pheromones spread throughout its existence, coating and lasting far beyond pure organic possibilities. Spread by every royal guard, themselves possessors of symbiotic growths grown alongside and <i>within</i> them by the very nature of their targeted growth. He watched, and heard, as the Suysh Queen’s presence thinned and focused itself, bending the tides of the immaterium with a strength that not even the Chief Librarian could possibly have possessed for a single instant.<br/>
<br/>
There were no words, only intent.<br/>
<br/>
Vengeance and hatred, all targeted, impossibly, by one of the first teleported out of the cavern.<br/>
<br/>
Despite never seeing Cyrus Octavius, never knowing he was there, for that brief instant after physical death before the soul was disassembled, the Queen <i>knew</i> him.<br/>
<br/>
And then so did her hive.<br/>
<br/>
The sheer effort of such a thing burnt the massive soul of the Queen away entirely, leaving not even embers left behind while simultaneously scorching the many daemons who had come to try and feast. With its completion, the Suysh left within the mines screamed so loudly as to burst a space marine’s ear drums within his helmet. Their very flesh split open as something inside of their bodies activated, musculature engorging, fangs and claws lengthening, their very bodies being altered by the death scream, their Queen’s final command. Then they turned as one and began to charge, weapons aside from their own blades left behind. Tanks gunned their engines and started running over those who could not get out of the way. VTOLs accelerated at top speed to initiate suicide crashes.<br/>
<br/>
Only then, as one of the last, was Trajan returned from within Bluevein Mountain to arrive gasping and choking on his own blood on the floor of the <i>Howling Hatred</i>’s teleportarium.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================​</div><br/>
Force Commander Bartorius slammed his fist onto the side of the table, but said nothing as he listened to the audio logs provided by the Blood Ravens. He had been joined, as it turned out, by the other two captains of his chapter. Three companies of the Scarlet Lions had come, and none of them were particularly pleased. Captain Kallek, of their 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span>, and Captain Agamat of their 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span>, were just as deathly quiet as Bartorius, though Gabriel could tell that they were only just barely holding their fury in. The trio of foreign marines devoured every bit of sensory data that could be provided to them by the apparent imposters. Who had borne their colors, their banners, their words, their symbols. Who had even possessed their codes, somehow, something that Bartorius had been first to dispute before the truth of the matter had struck him silent.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, the last data entry came out.<br/>
<br/>
“This is Master Akermian. Seeing as you have these planets well in hand, the Scarlet Lions shall pursue the home of the Suysh directly. We have scoured their foul alien cogitators and located it.”<br/>
<br/>
“Wait, Master Akermian,” Martellus spoke quickly on the recording, “If you have those coordinates, then share them so we may-,”<br/>
<br/>
“You will surely find them in time should you search enough yourself, Blood Raven. I would insult you by simply taking such a thing from you. Emperor guide you.”<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius breathed deeply, his entire body almost heaving with each inhalation and exhalation.<br/>
<br/>
“I knoweth such blackguards <i>not</i>,” he finally said.<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, carefully, he reached up to pull his helmet off with both hands, letting it fall carelessly onto the table as he bowed his head. His bald head was weathered, the skin a dusky brown with dozens of white scars here and there from long centuries of battle. He sighed before looking up with dark amber eyes to lock eyes with Gabriel who – along with all of the Blood Raven captains – stood across the table with arms folded. Then he looked to his left and jerked his chin at Kallek who approached and picked up one of the data slates and began to scour its contents.<br/>
<br/>
“Thou art the most learned in the records and history of the chapter within our force, brother-captain,” Bartorius spoke in a whisper. “Tell me forsooth.”<br/>
<br/>
Kallek did not even require a minute before slamming the data slate down onto the table with enough force to crack it.<br/>
<br/>
“It be of our codes, Force Commander,” the other Scarlet Lion said morosely. “It is that of the 8<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, not of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span>, but yon Blood Ravens could knoweth not such a thing.”<br/>
<br/>
All three of the Lions appeared to wince at the news.<br/>
<br/>
“The…8<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company?” Gabriel asked calmly, his fury now granted a direction that was not aimed at the ones before him.<br/>
<br/>
“The noble 8<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company were lost half a century ago in the fires of Armageddon,” Bartorius rasped. “With all hands, by the guns of the monstrous greenskins. Their code structure hath never been scoured from the logs because there was no one to <i>use</i> them anymore.”<br/>
<br/>
Agamat, who had spoken rarely since arriving on the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, stepped forward while placing a hand on his force commander’s shoulder in a remarkably comforting gesture.<br/>
<br/>
“Then someone doth be besmirching the 8<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>s legacy, their names, and dances macabre with their emblems and symbols,” he growled. “And such must be stopped.”<br/>
<br/>
“…aye, aye,” Bartorius muttered, straightening as he did so. “Forsooth! The Lions of Lemnos shall not have such desecration stand!”<br/>
<br/>
He whirled upon his fellows and pointed back out the hallway.<br/>
<br/>
“Brothers! Assemble your companies and prepare for deployment!”<br/>
<br/>
He whirled back to Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
“We will fight alongside you, Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens, and once the Jahal System is reclaimed once more, we shall <i>hunt</i> these villains down! We will show them the <i>meaning</i> of unceasing upon the enemy!”<br/>
<br/>
Then he stomped, no, <i>ran</i> back towards his ships without another word. The Blood Ravens were left to speak amongst themselves. The chance of further deception, given everything in the galaxy? High. The chance that it was truth? Frustratingly high as well. But they could not simply lock the Scarlet Lions down and attempt to interrogate them. There still remained a number of Suysh Queens on each of the four planets, though the slaying of one had proven even more beneficial than initially thought. The splitting of the leaderless hive had given evidence as to the location of two more upon Matsuya, the psychic impressions gained by Trajan shared with the rest of the Librarius had assisted in the locating of others on the other planets of the system. A well-trusted weapon of the Blood Ravens, knowledge, had finally been honed enough by death and violence to be properly turned upon the Suysh.<br/>
<br/>
All that was required now was for it to be directed.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Refinement And Continuation</b><br/>
Phase 3 Concluded! With all the knowledge gained thus far, and the aid of the Scarlet Lions, choose how the remainder of the Jahal System Cleansing will go. This means that the phase will continue until all objectives are completed barring major shake-ups such as an Ork WAAAGH!! entering the system, Gabriel or any of the Captains dying, etc. Choose carefully. Due to the extent of the phase's time-frame, it is assumed all wounded marines are healed and return to service, and that damaged ships return to Sacred Crown for repair. They will still be in this post's casualties notation, simply for tracking purposes, but can be assumed healed/repaired as best as possible by the beginning of the final phase. Information gained on killing requirements, psychic aid, etc. will be factored into the planning of the characters now that they have that information. Moratorium for 3 Hours.<br/>​</div><br/>
<b>4th Phase Pathing</b><br/>
<i>Void Placement</i><br/>
[] <b>Bombardment</b>: Write-In Which Fleets Go To Which Planet For Orbital Aid Purposes (Teleportation, Bombardment, Drop Pods, Etc.)<br/>
[] <b>Interdiction</b>: Write-In Which Fleets/Ships Remain On Interdiction Duty<br/>
<br/>
<i>Company Placement</i><br/>
1st and 2nd Fleet, Justinius Probalis, Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard, Spread Across Currently Concentrated On <b>Matsuya</b> with minor elements on <b>Kuru</b><br/>
10th and 4th Fleet, Hannibal Palrun, Nero Gracchus Currently Concentrated On <b>Vatsa</b> with minor elements on <b>Avanti</b>, with Captain Octavius having elected to go to <b>Matsuya</b> to assist with Queen slaying, returning to <b>Vatsa </b>for start of next phase.<br/>
[] Keep Positions As They Are<br/>
[] Change Company Deployments For The Planets (I.E. Shifting 1st Company to <b>Vatsa</b> or 10th Company to <b>Kuru</b>) (Write-In Changes)<br/>
<br/>
<i>Planetary Ground Target Priority List [i.e. Top, Middle, Bottom for Kuru/Middle, Bottom, Top for Matsuya/Etc.]</i><br/>
[] Kuru (Write-In Ground Priority List)<br/>
[] Matsuya (Write-In Ground Priority List)<br/>
[] Avanti (Write-In Ground Priority List)<br/>
[] Vatsa (Write-In Ground Priority List)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Phase 3 Completes!</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Total Casualties/Fatalities</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>All 4th and 1st Company Ships Damaged In Some Measure Or Another! Requires Repairs For General Combat Effectiveness!<br/>
38 of 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Wounded<br/>
8 of 1st Company Wounded<br/>
12 10th Company Scouts [1st Stage] Wounded<br/>
4 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Killed [8 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
15 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Wounded<br/>
5 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Dead [10 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
1 Tarantula Sentry Turret Destroyed (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolters)<br/>
-16 2nd Company Marines (32 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
-12 10th Company Neophytes</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Phase Objectives + Tactical Considerations</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Tactical Consideration! 'True' Scarlet Lions Have Arrived In System, True Support Sent By Inquisitor Lord Tarquindil! 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Company of Scarlet Lions, bringing 1 Battle Barge + 4 Strike Cruisers + 12 Nova Frigates in the void and 300 marines plus specialists on the ground. Led under command of Force Commander Bartorius, also Captain of the 4th Company. True Identity of 'False' Scarlet Lions Unknown!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! Suysh Death-Scream Vengeance Effect Identified As Psychic/Organic Effect! Librarius Believes May Be Possible To Deflect/Alter/Defend Against If Entire Librarius Focused Upon Said Task During A Queen Killing!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! One Queen Dead! Matysuya In Major Disarray! Cyrus Currently Death-Marked! <br/>
Tactical Consideration! 1 Queen Located On Kuru, Vatsa, Avanti! 2 New Queens Located On Matsuya Due To Queens Exerting Control To Claim Now Queen-Less Hive For Their Own Forces!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! Scarlet Lions have elected to push entire ground force onto planet Vatsa to search for signs of the 'other' Scarlet Lions! Battle Bare is on orbital duty, their strike cruisers and escorts on inderdiction duty!</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>