<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 17 - 2478 - Growing Concerns</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 17 - 2478 - Growing Concerns</h2>


Spoiler: Winning Vote



[x] Melt down the idol, cast it into a new one to Ranald, call in your priest friends to re-sanctify the room. (bonus to rolls and reduced cost to creating a second shrine to Ranald, either in your Estate or elsewhere, +1 room, ???)
[X] Keep Blacksmiths Tools
[X] Dwarven Revolver, 125 gc.
[X] Return to the Bright College (???)



All of the options appealed to you to some extent, and the temptation was there to purchase more than one of the examples of fine art arrayed before you. But in the end, it was the revolver that won out over the others. It may lack for accuracy or raw stopping power, but it could be fired eight times without reloading and was compatible with the powder and shot that could be found in any town in the Empire instead of requiring some exotic Dwarven 'bullet'. You are given a short lesson on the firing, reloading and maintenance of your new weapon, as well as directions to the Leatherworker's Guild for a complimentary holster.

When you leave Zhufbar and head back to Wurtbad, it's significantly more heavily armed than before, with the revolver tucked into a holster beneath your robes.

---

It's been quite some time since you spent much time with Wolf and Heideck, but they answer your summons without hesitation. After you explain the fact that your hidden underground palace is, well, a hidden underground palace, they agree to being blindfolded and led through the streets as well, either trusting you not to pull anything or in Ranald to protect them, their arms full of various tools and props for the task ahead of them.

Wolf lets out an impressed whistle as you led him into the alley. "Don't know what you've done, but I'm liking the energies here." Getting them down the ladder is trickier, but you manage. And then, finally, you release them from their blindfolds in the hallway outside the Shrine, and they blink and peer around them into the darkness, lit by a glowing orb of light you summoned. Heideck steps through the doorway, takes a look inside, and steps out again. "Found your problem."

You roll your eyes. "I know what the problem is, I want you to solve it."

Heideck glances after Wolf, who has stepped through the doorway and is complaining loudly about river pirates. "We'll see what we can do."

"Glad to hear it. What do I owe you?"

He shakes his head. "Stromfels is no friend to Ranald, so should this work it will grant us favour with our mutual friend. No payment necessary."

You nod and leave them to it, occasionally looking in to see how it goes. Incense is lit, chants are chanted, games of chance played and outrageously cheated at. The clatter of rolling dice and the soft sounds of shuffled cards echo unnaturally in the air.

[Re-sanctifying the Shrine: Roll, 50]

Energies gather, energies simultaneously akin and completely different to the magical energies you're so used to manipulating. The now-familiar presence of Ranald is in the air, as well as one completely alien to you: violent, brooding, and eternally hungry. You make sure that raw iron runs from everything sensitive down to the floor to allow stray magical energies to earth themselves harmlessly. In the shrine, the two priests ceremoniously smash apart the shackles they brought with them.

[The Grappling of Gods: 52]

The presences grow in strength as energy crackles through the air. The two priests are kneeling before the Altar, chanting in incomprehensible Thieves Cant with their arms crossed in front of them as they reinforce Ranald's presence. It seems like it's working, that Ranald is growing slightly faster than the terrible hungry God that called this place home...

[Forces brought to bear: 8]

And in a single bloody instant, Wolf disappears from the waist up and gore sprays across the room, snatched up by the jaws of a hungry God. You're unable to keep from flinching away in horror, but Heideck's prayers redouble in strength as the terrible God is occupied with Wolf's mortal remains.

[A momentary distraction: 69]

That distraction is all that is needed, as Ranald's familiar presence waxes once more. The idol on the altar glows, and for a moment you think it's with magical light but it's heat, you can see drops of molten silver pattering onto the altar below, and in a single incomprehensible instant it's done - the duel you couldn't begin to understand is over and the presence of the terrible God is banished.

You enter the room on unsteady feet as Heideck gets to his own. As he turns to you, you open your mouth to say something, thanks or an apology or something, and he holds up a hand to interrupt. There's tears in his eyes but a smile on his face. "Many die in debt to Ranald, but very few die with Ranald in debt to them. His new home in the afterlife will be grand indeed."

Right. A priest to an unorthodox God, but a priest nonetheless. You murmur your thanks anyway, and he claps you on the shoulder and sets to work gathering up his implements and the remains of poor Wolf.

As he does so, you inspect the idol, its glow fading back into the sheen of silver. The shape of it has changed, and while you know that it's just from the nose of the shark having melted and run downwards into the open jaws and then cooled into strange, blocky shapes, it looks like the shark's open maw has been crammed with dice of all things.

Unnoticed, Heideck has come up behind you and you jump as he begins talking. "There's a blacksmith just inside the southern gate, next to the Cheesemonger's Guild. He can be trusted to remain silent. Have him reforge this into an idol worthy of Wolf's sacrifice."

He leaves, a basket of priestly implements in one arm and the remains of his former partner tucked under the other. Matters of blindfolds and secrecy didn't occur to you until long after he was gone.

---

The Bright College itself is set within an area of Altdorf that was burnt to the ground in some long-forgotten incident. Rumours of hauntings and inexplicable reignitions keep it from being rebuilt as much as the laws saying it should be left as is, as a reminder of... of something. Evidently, it failed.

Ignoring the glimpses of movement from the corners of your eyes and refusing to investigate the occasionally smouldering remnants that make it seem as the fire burned hours instead of centuries ago, you push through the empty streets until you reach your destination - a collection of towers collapsed atop each other in an otherwise empty plaza. You stare in thought at the illusion, seeing the familiar flow of Ulgu through it, and wonder at what long-past agreement or deal led to its creation. Then you step through it, and flinch back from a wave of heat as you penetrate the illusion and instead find yourself at the brass gates of the college, glowing red with heat. Far above you, twenty-one identical towers stretch into the sky, each of them burning brightly. No illusion, this; such is the place that Pyromancers call home.

As impressive as the gate is, even the Bright Order must surrender to practicalities, and to one side is the modest stone gatehouse and, visible through a window, the Gatekeeper, an old man in shabby robes who seems to be currently enjoying a cup of tea. He catches sight of you, rises, and ventures out from the small building, teacup still in hand. "Yes?" he asks, his burning eyes the only hint to his nature.

"Dame Weber, of the Grey College."

"Ah, yes." He totters back inside, consults a massive tome standing open on the table, then totters back out. "Magister Victor is expecting you. Would you like to come in, or are you happy to wait out here?"

The heat is already oppressive, you've no desire to find what sort of temperatures the Bright Wizards consider homey. "I'll wait here."

"Very well," he says with a smile, walks up to and opens the gate with no care for the sizzle or the smell of burnt flesh that filled the air, and into the depths of the College he goes, leaving you alone with your thoughts. You mull over your checking in at the Grey College (indirectly, because as a Journeywoman you're banned from the premises proper) and checking the reception to your Matrix. The Grey Order is impressed, and have been nudging the other orders to take notice of what was, you reluctantly admit, a rather dry paper. So far the Jade Order have started picking up on it, and have started experiments to form a Jade equivalent to the Matrix.

While thinking, your eyes were drawn up to the burning towers, far above. It is rather a staple of being a wizard, you think to yourself. Maybe you should build one of your own. Or perhaps it just wouldn't be practical...

"Dame Weber, I presume?" asks a cultured voice, and you lower your gaze to the man who has emerged. Heavy lines mark his face as that of an old man, but the fiery red of his hair disagrees.

You nod. "Magister Victor?"

"I have that honour." He holds out his hand expectantly, and you produce the iron ring from a pocket and place it there. He examines it closely, and a smile stretches across his features. "Wonderful," he says. "So many of these have been lost over the years, but some still find their way back. Where was it?"

You'd prepared a half-truth. "In the freshly-excavated ruins of a manor in Stirland, still worn by its former owner."

"You buried them appropriately?" You nod. "Good. Almost certainly it was not one of ours, but still." He inspects the ring again, this time in admiration. "The puissance of these artifacts is, perhaps, less than one might expect from something crafted by those under Teclis," he observes, the rubies shimmering in the firelight. "But they were never meant to turn the tide of wars single-handedly. What they represent is protection for our most vulnerable members as they venture out into the world, and handed down to another as each reaches Magisterial rank. If it means that just one more wizard reaches the prime of their career instead of dying to the trials of their journeying... well, what more potent effect could you ask of an enchantment?" You nod in agreement. "You've returned a prized relic to us, and the Bright Order repays its debts."

[Rolling...]

He reaches into his robes and produces an unadorned steel semi-circle - a torc, similar to that worn by the men of Sigmar's time. "I understand you have been knighted," he says. "A position of a leader and a warrior both. As such, I would grant to you this torc. It contains the essence of the spell known to us as Crown of Fire, which will make you inspiring to your allies and intimidating to your foes." He smiles. "More so than you are already, I mean." You take the torc from him, and find that the metal is comfortably warm instead of the coolness of metal you were expecting, and slip it around your neck. You feel the magic in it reaching out, surrounding your form, the Aqshy of the enchantment dancing above your skin a safe distance from the natural Ulgu in your body. "Once the spell has run its course over about five minutes, place it in a fire to recharge it. An hour in a typical campfire should do the trick, or half a day suspended above a candleflame, or a minute in a proper forge."

"A worthy gift," you say, and mean it. "Thank you."

"Thank you," he replies, "for the apprentices that now stand a greater chance of surviving their journeys."

You exchange bows, and then you turn and make your way back out of the devastated quarter.

---



PLAN FOR THIS TURN

As you are no longer employed, there is no longer a distinction between 'personal' and 'organizational' actions. Pick six of the below; you can take up to two extra actions as Overwork - if you do, mark them accordingly. All of your Organizations can be safely 'ignored' if you desire - they will continue operating as they have been.

The Weber Estate
Earmarked Funds: 1,066 gc
Estate Profits: 10 gc / turn
You can spend money instead of turns here to have someone else oversee the work; this will increase the cost by half again, and double any dwarf rep cost. For instance, an option costing 100 gc will cost 150 gc. It also means that your personal stats will not apply to whatever is being done.
[ ] Build a modest home for yourself, equal in size to the rooms you're using in the Sunken Palace (3 rooms, 50 gc).
[ ] Build a large home for yourself, with plenty of spare rooms to expand into (6 rooms, 150 gc).
[ ] Why muck about? Build a proper manor (10 rooms, 300 gc).
[ ] Build a tower, either into an above structure or on its own (1 room, 100 gc, bonus to room's purpose).
[ ] Build fortifications into your home, turning it into a hillfort, or motte (50 gc for wood, 200 gc for stone, optional dwarf help for -1 dwarf rep).
[ ] Erect a shrine to Ranald in honour of his victory over Stromfels, and of Wolf's sacrifice that made it possible. (NEW)
[ ] Use your newly-acquired blacksmithing gear to lure in a skilled but poor blacksmith to begin servicing the area. (no action required) (NEW)
[ ] Build a communal granary to store food for lean times (50 gc).
[ ] Build a well (50 gc).
[ ] Build a bailey for your subjects to shelter in and to encompass other structures (100 gc for wood, 400 gc for stone, optional dwarf help for -1 dwarf rep).
[ ] Have the dwarves build you a fortress. (1000 gc, -2 dwarf rep. Protects but does not build living area. No, there is no cheaper option. If you want cheap, get manlings to build it.)
[ ] Bring in dwarvern prospectors to search for minable metals (-1 Dwarf Rep)
[ ] Bring in dwarvern farmers to investigate the farming possibilities of the land. (-1 Dwarf Rep)
[ ] Improve the road between the Estate and Sonningwiese (50 gc)
[o] Establish upkeep of the roads between the estate and the individual households. (requires a local smith)
[ ] Purchase a loom, erect a building for it, and invite weavers to start calling your estate home. (100 gc)
[ ] Set up a dairy and recruit skilled cheesemakers from among the locals to work in it. (100 gc)


The Eastern Imperial Company
Outstanding Debt: 1,400 gc
Your share of EIC Profits: 50 gc / turn
Wilhelmina's Current Focus: Expanding into Southern Stirland.
[ ] Use your reputation to build trade ties with Zhufbar.
[ ] Use your reputation to build trade ties with Karak Kadrin.
[ ] Use your friendship with Anton to build trade ties along the Nuln Road.
[ ] Expand the EIC into Sonningwiese; this is unlikely to increase profits, but would indirectly improve the lot of your subjects.
[ ] Have the EIC print and sell a second edition of Asarnil's memoirs.
[ ] Investigate whether Ostermark is building a Talabec-Stir canal near Karak Kadrin.
[ ] Spend some time getting to know Wilhelmina's sons.


Gong Farmers
Currently Revenue Neutral due to supporting the Niter Factory
[ ] Fold them into the EIC; no need for you to have personal control of them. (no action needed)
[ ] Formalize and organize the payments people make for the Gong Farmers to perform their service.
[ ] Expand the Gong Farmers into the rest of Western Stirland.
[ ] Create market gardens outside the walls of Wurtbad, fertilized with the solid waste collected by the Gong Farmers.
[ ] No longer linked to the Watch, the Gong Farmers might be vulnerable. Arm and train them so they can defend themselves in the sewers.


Niter Factory
Goods currently unsold; costs covered by Gong Farmers.
[ ] Fold it into the EIC. (no action needed)
[ ] Sell the factory itself.
[ ] Sell the produced niter crystals to Nuln.
[ ] Sell the produced niter crystals to Zhufbar.
[ ] Sell the produced niter crystals as fertiliser in Stirland.
[ ] Sell the produced niter crystals as fertiliser to the Moot.
[ ] Investigate the rest of the process for making gunpowder.
[ ] Bring in dwarven experts to expand the factory to produce gunpowder (-5 Dwarf Favour).


Personal Actions
Personal Wealth: 357 gc
Living expenses: 10 gc / turn

Magister:
[ ] Go to Altdorf and submit yourself to the Magisterial examination. (takes three actions, will take place after other actions in the turn)

Self-Improvement:
[ ] Internalized Lessons: If you've been using a particular trait a fair bit in the last year, you can spend some time on it to internalize what you've learned and increase the trait (choose which trait; can be taken multiple times; will be more effective the more you've used the trait lately).
[ ] Practice, Practice, Practice: If you haven't been using a particular trait lately, you can try to practice it anyway.
[ ] Combat Training In The Free Market: The war cost you your combatant friends, but training is always for sale. Go out and buy some. (-20 gc)

Home Comforts: Your Palace-Shrine is bursting with potential, and no longer with mud.
[ ] Filled with Potential: You've got four rooms cleared out and ready to be put to use. Decide what you're going to put in one of them and get started on equipping it. (write in the purpose of the room)

Research:
[ ] Expand your library to cover a new subject or go deeper into an existing one (choose which; -50 gc).
[ ] Volatility: Examine how to move your various fragile and magically sensitive bits and pieces without endangering them.
[ ] Shyish-kebabs: The Shyish swords are hideously dangerous as weapons, but fascinating as a subject of study. Try to reverse-engineer the lost enchantments woven into them.
[ ] Qhaysh Juice: Whatever it is, it's dripping out of the box at a steady rate. You've got several gallons of the stuff and it's still coming out. It's got to be good for something.
[ ] There's always room for more shadow spells in your repertoire. Send off to the Grey College for the basics on one of the others and get started on trying to learn it.
[ ] Your experience with the so-called Fog of War has given you a lot of ideas for new applications of Ulgu. Investigate them to see what might be possible.
[ ] Read the Liber Mortis.

Enchantment:
[ ] Imbue an item with a petty or lesser magic. (specify item and spell) (NEW)
[ ] Attempt to imbue an item with a Relatively Simple spell. (specify item and spell) (NEW)
[o] Advance your understanding of enchantment even further. (cannot be taken until you practice enchantment at your current level) (NEW)

Influence:
[ ] Thieves Guild: It's currently little more than a church group, albeit of a very unconventional god. If it could be expanded under your aegis, it could be a powerful tool - especially considering you no longer have official power.

Relations:
[ ] The New Boss: Keep an ear to the ground, learning what you can of Roswita's actions and plans.
[ ] The New Spymaster: Witch Hunter Lucas von Salkalten currently fills your position. As per the Articles of Imperial Magic, wizards owe assistance to the Templars of Sigmar if they can prove they need it. Drop by to offer it freely instead. (NEW)
[ ] Getting To Know You: Spend time with someone, offering your help in their tasks and generally getting a feel for them (choose one) (can be taken multiple times).
[ ] Getting To Know You Whether You Like It Or Not: Trust, but verify. Spend some of your time seeing what a certain person spends their time doing (choose one) (can be taken multiple times).
[ ] Free Time: Now well-established in Wurtbad, you can spend some time in your scant off hours getting to know someone better. Pick one character. (does not take an action)

Familiar: You've grown much in power; it might be time for you to seek a familiar. Animals that are suitable to be familiars are incredibly rare. You can hunt for them and spent a great deal of time doing so, or you can buy one for an agonizing price. Or you could make one.
[ ] You'll have a cat, damn it. Spend time with the alley cats of Wurtbad and see what you can find. (low chance)
[ ] Wander the streets of Wurtbad and see if any animal jumps out at you. (moderate chance, could be any tame or feral animal)
[ ] Spend some alone in the woods. What could go wrong? (high chance, but no telling what animal would be. chance of dangers in the woods)
[ ] Travel to Altdorf and see what suitable animals are for sale. (will cost 300-600 gc; can decide not to purchase if you don't like the type or look of the animal. Options for loans or dipping into EIC/earmarked funds will be available if you can't afford it)
[ ] Why trust in nature or the free market? You'll damn well make your own familiar. (50 gc, resulting familiar is unpredictable in appearance and will be visibly unnatural).


- Voting will be in Plan format.
- Don't forget Ranald's Blessing!
- Yes, you can spend spare time with Anton if you want. Such is the power of Shadowsteed.
  </body>
</html>