<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 40 Results - 2489.5 - Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 40 Results - 2489.5 - Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[X] Culture

Tally



You're interested to see how Eike reacts to life within Tor Lithanel. It is a city that has all but eliminated the most basic forms of mortal suffering, as food grows freely from the trees and bushes that line the grand avenues of the city, and bunkhouses run by the Great Houses grant shelter to any Cityborn for the low price of a few murmured thanks. But for all their freedom from material needs, there is a sense of claustrophobia clinging to many of the Cityborn as they chafe at the dominance of the Great Houses. They're as practically unable to enter the ranks of the Great Houses as the average peasant is unable to join the Empire's nobility, but the nobility of Tor Lithanel also dominate the religious and economic sectors of the city. To pursue success in just about every practical pursuit means attempting to wrest a sliver of power from noble families that have had millennia to consolidate power.

It's beyond question that some Cityborn flourish in these circumstances, pursuing their passions for their own sake instead of as a means to any end that might threaten the Great Houses. It's also beyond question that some resent what they see as a gilded cage, one that they can leave at any time but, if they do, they can never return to. Plenty do so, but others quail at permanently abandoning the safety of the only home they've ever known for the dangers of the Laurelorn. Some do their best to excel as a priest or a crafter in direct competition with the Great Houses, others pour themselves into cultural pursuits, but some amount of them are never able to find peace within the city, without ever being able to gather the courage to leave it. With food and shelter guaranteed, there is still suffering.

Will she see this city as a paradise, and the languishing of those with stifled ambitions as a mere indulgence? Will she see it as an intricate torture, where the Elves live their long, long lives doomed to have everything they need except purpose? As a lesser societal evil to be disregarded until all the much greater ones can be defeated? Or will she not make any judgement at all, as a studier of beasts might observe and even feel pity for the plight of a preyed-upon animal without taking a moral stance on something she is not a part of and cannot change?

You don't put the question to her quite so blatantly, of course. You simply tell her to pay attention as she trails behind you and Johann as he shares with you what he's learned of the myriad ways the Toriour spend their copious amounts of free time. Your first stop, of course, is to meet with the Asuryanic hopefuls who refine their skills and physique in hopes of earning glory at the festivals dedicated to Asuryan. They're not what you'd describe as the most inclined to deep thinking among the Elves you've met, but it would be a mistake to dismiss them as stupid, as it does take some amount of cleverness to achieve martial omnicompetence with any degree of success.

Where things get complicated is when you look at the wider social context and notice the social circles built around these beings of muscle and skill like ivy growing on stone. There is, of course, the Cult of Asuryan and the court of the Queen, both of whom try to influence who will become Champion and cultivate a relationship with likely winners by extending resources to some and denying them to others. Less expected is the circle of enthusiasts who seem to treat the contenders for the title as characters in a play, cheering for some and throwing peanuts at others and constantly arguing with each other over who's most worthy of eventual victory. There are enough people engaged with this sort of activity on varying levels to have evolved into an ecosystem of its own. Some Elves offer tribute to their favourite in art or verse, others distribute competing screeds lauding or decrying particular candidates and inviting inevitable responses in kind, other still simply seek like-minded folk with whom to wax lyrical of their virtues. It is a strange and often worryingly intense phenomena, and now you know where to look for you begin to realize that you never go long without seeing someone wearing a symbol declaring their allegiance to one or another. Is this what Tor Lithanel has in place of street gangs?

Well, no, because as you dig deeper with your eyes opened to an entirely new form of signalling between the Toriour, you learn that Tor Lithanel has street gangs. Or rather, client gangs made up of those in debt to, or desiring the favour of, one Great House or another, their allegiance marked by a particular cut of their silks, set of their jewels, or style of their hair. That the look can be achieved in a moment or two with the help of a hand mirror means that you don't so much see it everywhere, but when you do see it you tend to see a lot of it. Ostensibly public areas are often dominated by one group or another, and while they don't go so far as to muscle out members of other groups or demand a display of loyalty to their own, their numbers are a clear signal that if they were so inclined, they could. While this is not necessarily a form of political unrest within Tor Lithanel, it is a sign that if unrest does break out, it could escalate extremely quickly.

Part of you is disappointed to find such base tribalism lurking under the surface of what had seemed so serene, but another part of you feels vindicated to see that even the Elves are prone to dividing themselves along those lines. Not even the kithbands are safe, as you discover that many of them are formed only of members of one side of the main political divide of the current era, tainting the apparent purity of purpose of these peculiar social groups.

While you delve into the murkier side of the politics, you have Eike familiarize herself with those kithbands by introducing her to some of those that are dedicated to learning about and discussing their old neighbours and new allies of the Empire, making the learning process a little more two-way. In exchange for answering their questions about life as a human of the Empire, Eike is introduced to their other kithbands for their other interests, and in this way she is given access to a cross-section of the many ways that the people of Tor Lithanel express themselves. Just as you were, it doesn't take long for her to be struck by the melancholic note so common to Toriour art, and once she has enough time to organize her thoughts on the matter she approaches you on the topic.

"Is there ever a point where things stop hurting for someone?" she asks you. "Beggars on the street and nobles in their castles both have parts of their life that hurt them, and so do the Toriour. Is there ever a point where you have enough of everything and you're just happy? Or is it that no matter how much you have, the things that hurt you still hurt you just as much?"

"How do you measure suffering?" you ask. "Is a beggar pining for food hurting only as much as a noble pining for a greater fief?" This is partly rhetorical on your part, but this is a field of philosophy you're not very well-versed in.

"Most Shallyans say that suffering that can kill you is more meaningful than suffering that can't," Eike replies slowly.

"Is that in terms of objective measurement of suffering, or just a matter of triage?"

She considers that. "I don't know," she admits. "There's a lot of Shallyan writings about it, but I didn't pay much attention to it. Maybe I should have."

"I don't either," you say. "That's not our department, thankfully. Our remit is to keep the Empire intact and functioning, and I doubt either of us will see the day when the greatest threat to it is ennui."

That doesn't seem to put the matter to rest in Eike's head, and she mulls it over for a while longer. "It used to be different," she finally says. "The Wards of Sun and Frost used to be almost as safe as Tor Lithanel was, so most of the Toriour that resented the Great Houses were a lot more likely to join the Faniour."

"Which means that tensions were building up, because more of the belligerent Toriour were staying Toriour, because they didn't want to join the front line of a war against the Beastmen and the Forest Goblins and maybe against Nordland."

"Nordland broke things in a lot of ways," she says, her brow furrowed. "Why couldn't they just stay on their side of the river?"

"Because each individual Elector Count made choices that would bleed Tor Lithanel just a little bit and benefit themselves a lot. That sort of thing is easy to find justifications for. But one tiny little border infringement per human lifetime is a lot of accumulated slights to an Elven lifetime. Each little step towards the cliff's edge is harmless, except for the last one. And each Elector Count had a lot to gain by convincing themselves that their step was one of the safe ones, and would find themselves in a sea of troubles if they were the first Elector Count in centuries to not give the guilds and nobles what they'd come to see as rightfully theirs."

"Couldn't the Elves have done something about it earlier?"

"Should they have gone to war the moment the first tree was felled?"

She frowns, examining the question for traps. "I suppose not."

"Then the second? The fifth? The hundredth? Each time the Eonir complained, and each time the Elector Count said the right things and put a stop to the encroachments, but eventually they'd need a favour from this guild or that noble, or a new Elector Count would come to power, and they'd go around again. By the time the Eonir had recognized the pattern, it had become so established that any military action would be easy to see, and easy to present to the rest of the Empire, as an unprovoked attack. Neither side understood the other to realize the course they were on until they had gone too far along it to turn back."

"That's why you're studying them," Eike says. "To stop that from happening."

"Yes, that's the practical reason. But also because it can teach so much. When you learn how a completely different culture sees the world, you also learn to see the world in an entirely new way. You renew your appreciation for the good, and learn more of how to avoid the bad."

Eike frowns as she considers that. You're not sure how much she's taking on board, but so far the signs look good.

Skill acquired: Eonir, Advanced (1/2)

[Rolling...]

Eike has learned: 

Diplomacy: Eonir of Laurelorn: A period of immersion in Tor Lithanel during her teenage years gave her a solid understanding of the Eonir. +1 Diplomacy
Diplomacy: Politicking 1/3
Tar-Eltharin (Eonir accent)

---

In front of your selected group of experts, you sketch out the Waystone runes on a chalkboard. "First off, let's approach the runes as runes," you say to them. "I know my way around Eltharin but I wouldn't lay any claim to be a scholar of the language, so feel free to jump in if you have any further insight. Now, pyramids are a common motif in Eltharin runes - in the rune for 'Asur', of course, and in Avalu, Drome, Keldri, Tavlu, and Varinor, as well as a number of others. But these are all depicted with a flat top, not coming to a point. As for triangles in general, the closest I could find is Sethai, which is the wrong way around and assymetrical to boot. Maybe Ismuir if you lop off the bottom two thirds. The prospects for the diamond are even grimmer."

Sarvoi nods. "They're too basic as shapes to encapsulate a rich concept. Combined, it might be a modified Avalu. With the top removed from the pyramid..." He frowns as he considers it. "The power of natural heirarchy?"

"Or something along the line of 'Godless strength'," Hatalath muses.

"The straight, clean lines rule out Fan-Eltharin or Druchast," you say. "Thorek, do they mean anything to your eye?"

"It's similar to a set of runes sometimes used to refer to the fallen Karak Izril," he says dubiously. "Or an inversion of the rune for 'treasure vault', where the treasure is kept atop the mountain peak."

"Could it mean something like..." you think for a moment. "Vault for treasure yet unacquired?"

He frowns. "It's possible, but I can't see that being arrived at by many Dwarven hands. Treasure is hewn from the stone and delivered to a vault, unacquired treasure above the mountain makes no sense."

Maybe it did once to Dwarves who were more willing to work with Elves and with magic, but you don't voice that thought. "Elrisse, what about High Nehekharan?"

"A pyramid with nothing inside it isn't a pyramid, it's a thorn, and it means something like 'readiness'," she replies. "Nothing comes to mind for the diamond, though - maybe 'mast' if you really force it, which would give you a meaning of 'built to be ready to defend'."

"I think the shapes are basic enough that you could tease a meaning out of them in any runic language," Egrimm says.

"The similarities in their meanings are compelling, but all these languages are related, it could simply come from the fact that the root concepts are similar, rather than this specific combination of shapes having a transcendent meaning." You frown, thinking. "Or even that we all live in the same world, so we're drawing from the same set of physical phenomena to find shapes with compelling meanings. Okay, let's consider the shape outside the context of language. Assume the droplet shape is just a droplet shape. What does that represent?"

"An imbuement with the properties of water?" Egrimm guesses.

"Physical or metaphorical?" Elrisse asks.

"Either, I suppose," he replies after a moment of thought.

"Water moves downhill whenever it is able," Thorek muses. "At first glance, a good fit for the purpose. But it comes with too much baggage. Water also transforms in response to the environment, which is something we don't really want here."

"Don't we?" Sarvoi asks. "There's only one relevant transformation, and so far it seems the network has no problem shifting the result of it."

"They're pulling some of it out before it reaches the Vortex, so they have to be preventing that," Hatalath says. "Possibly as simply as just keeping it in tightly-controlled conditions so it never encounters the impetus to transform."

You nod as you jot down notes. "And metaphorical?"

"Restorative and vital," Tochter suggests.

"Water always returns to the ocean," Elrisse points out, "no matter how circuitous the route it takes to get there. Harnessing that pull of inevitability could be very potent."

"Would it also be bringing in oceanic qualities?" Egrimm asks.

"Not easily," Tochter says after a moment of thought. "It's a single droplet, it's water on a small scale. For ocean, you'd want a wave."

"Or wouldn't, for this," Thorek points out. "You want it flowing to the end point, but not gathering there and starting to slosh about and ruining coastlines."

"From a Sapherian mindset, we'd be thinking the Inner Sea, not the Great Ocean" Hatalath points out. "That's a much more benign set of associations."

"Okay. What about the pyramid?"

"The Diamond Throne?" Sarvoi suggests. "Either suggesting the literal Shrine of Asuryan on the Inner Sea to add an additional pull, or putting the entire thing under the authority of Him."

"No, this was an entirely Hoethian affair. Asuryan was romping around the place whacking Daemons with a sword at the time," Hatalath says.

"The Tower, then. Tavlu," Sarvoi ripostes.

"Once again, we reach the problem that Elven pyramids are flat-topped," Hatalath responds patiently.

"Could it be as simple as the pyramidion atop the Waystone?" Tochter asks. "Indicating the focal point for Winds absorption?"

"If we consider the two runes together, that would make sense," Sarvoi says. "A raindrop falling directly upon the focal point."

You frown. "A sympathetic model to be enforced upon itself. It seems too simple, but perhaps we're giving the ancients too much credit. Maybe they had to make it simple to deploy it so widely."

"If the hard work is being done from the centre, it could be that all the fripperies of the Waystones themselves are just to help them along," Egrimm suggests.

"It would explain how so many unruned Waystones were added to the network in the centuries after the Elves left these shores," Tochter said.

"If it is that simple, then it'd be very testable. Hatalath, could you knock together a proof of concept based on this?"

"Easily."

"I'll ask that you do so, then."

---

'Easily' turns into 'hmm' turns into 'interesting' turns into months passing before Hatalath emerges once more, hauling a series of scale models made of varying materials. You're barely able to delay his expounding for long enough for everyone else to reconvene. "By itself, it just adds a little downwards turbulence to the ambient Winds," he says, pointing at the first, all-stone model. "It's a very minor effect for magical runes, but it's simple enough that it could be done by any competent stoneworker with a grasp of basic magical theory."

"Which would have been relatively common for Ulthuan of old," Sarvoi observes.

"More so than Archmages. Where it gets interesting is it has a compounding effect with other means of Wind conductivity," he points to the next one, "I used a core of wire to act as the channel, and the Runes alone gets a very steady trickle of ambient Wind movement. If we take as a given that the pyramidion alloy has better Wind-conductive properties than standard modern alloys, then we have a decent magical channel before we even start on the enchantments in the base or the connection to the wider network. The rest is refining the Runes - there's a point of diminishing returns for more potent and valuable materials, but silver seems to be a good middle ground."

"It's a centralization of expertise," Elrisse says. "Have the Archmages, or the Smith-Priests of Vaul, or whoever put all their effort into forging the pyramidions, and then you can send them out with masons. I have a feeling that the bases will either be very simple, or will have a component that is very portable. This is how you dot a world with Waystones."

You give the silver-runed model a suspicious look, wondering if this is too easy. But what Elrisse says makes sense - these things can be found in just about every corner of the world, they can't all have been hand-crafted by the greatest geniuses of a bygone era.

[Waystone component completed: Runes.]



- Most of this was written either on a train in the early AMs or in a crowded airport food court, so my apologies for any disjointedness in any of the above.
  </body>
</html>