<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 30 Social - 2484.5 - Part 5</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 30 Social - 2484.5 - Part 5</h2>
Originally from Ostermark, Two-Gifts Day is a holiday to Ranald that waxes and wanes in popularity in neighbouring provinces based on how well they're getting along. A shareholder of the EIC celebrating the day could go some way into smoothing the ruffled feathers of the League of Ostermark, or so the theory goes. So in Blutdorf, Franzen and Wolfsbach, the local rulers are welcoming this unusual holiday into their homes. You'd be quite proud of it if it had been one of your gambits, but the first you'd heard about it was when Anton invited you to his. Not quite sure whether it's Ranald playing games or just a coincidence, you shift your schedule around so you'll be able to fit it between your other travels.

Blutdorf seems to be thriving, with new residences popping up outside the walls or atop the existing ones as the town draws in more and more people to work in its two factories, and then people to provide goods and services to those well-paid inviduals, and so on. It's a boom cycle the Empire is quite familiar with, and it so often ends with an untimely fire or an attack by Orcs or Beastmen or Undead, and all that hard-won progress is lost overnight. You hope that Blutdorf can set at least some of its gains in stone - literally, since permanent structures and an outer wall are the most reliable ways of doing so. You also note that at least so far, Two-Gifts Day hasn't spread from the homes of the rulers. You wonder if there's some resistance to it, or if there's no plans to implement it wider. It can, at times, lead to some strife if indulged in too freely.

The Holiday itself revolves around presenting two gifts: one silly and presented in a grandiose manner, the other more precious and handed over without ceremony. Originally, both gifts were then fair game to be stolen and presented to someone else, but most families have reduced this to only the silly gifts to prevent strife. This goes against the intended message of the holiday that material objects are relatively meaningless and ownership can be fleeting, but it does make for a much more harmonious holiday. And even if the Night Prowler's message is lost, the Deceiver is still being celebrated, and was likely amused by the change besides. There are benefits to a multi-faceted God.

The guards at Blutdorf Castle are wielding Gerber-Kiesinger Repeating Rifles, and very well-maintained ones if their shininess is anything to go by. They seem to recognize you, by outfit and reputation if not by face, and they simply stand to attention as you enter the castle. You're expected after all, and your invitation said to let yourself in and to join your hosts in the Lesser Hall, which roomier castles would likely have labelled a drawing room. Or possibly a wardrobe. The Imperial Palace really has a way of distorting one's sense of scale. And waiting for you inside is supposedly Anton's entire family, so it's with some sadness that you see that there's just him and his now-retired father sitting by the fire, with one chair left empty for you.

"Mathilde!" Anton says delightedly, looking up from his conversation and rising to his feet. "So good to see you again!" He meets you halfway in a hug, and after you part you hand over the boxes you brought. "I'm sure you remember my father, Anton Senior." You'd only met him once and then briefly, but the resemblance to his son is hard to miss.

You'd made sure to work this out in advance: Though he'd set the title aside for his son to inherit it, he was still due the respect of that rank, so that made it a Stirlandian Knight greeting a Stirlandian Baron.  You give a bow of a carefully-calculated depth, deep enough to show respect but not so deep that you disrespect your own rank in turn. His returning bow is clearly automatic and visibly shallower than yours, and he settles back into his seat as soon as he's done giving it. "A pleasure, My Lord," you say.

"I'm nobody's Lord now," he says gruffly, waving a hand. "Have a seat and get some fire into you. There'll be drinks along shortly if the staff haven't all snuck off while I wasn't looking." He must be into his sixties by now, but he looks closer to forties, and a lively forties at that. "Damn, what's the current lad's name?"

"Wilbert!" Anton calls, and a servant appears in the doorway. "A round of ale, if you'd be so kind."

The drinks are obediently fetched as you settle into the third seat, and the three of you fall into comfortable conversation of news, gossip, and a range of topics in between.

---

The first flagon of ale has settled, and a second is well on its way to keep the first company. "You came from Altdorf, did you say?" Anton Senior asks. "How'd you find the roads?"

"Came overhead in a gyrocopter," you reply.

"Hmph. Handy folk. Charge a mint for their goods, but damned if they aren't worth it."

"Speaking of," Anton says, exchanging a smile with you, "Mathilde and I decided that a noble of your calibre deserved only the best of goods, so we went to the finest artisans of the Karaz Ankor for a gift for you."

"Only the best for a former Baron," he says solemnly, fighting back a smile.

"And as you're rich in years, we found a suitable gift to bring comfort to you." The first box he hands over to his father was one crafted by the human craftsmen of Karak Eight Peaks, as the Dwarven ones don't have the knack for deliberately shoddy gaudiness. Cheap wood has been partially varnished, inset with gems of scratched and clouded glass, and covered in crooked 'gold' filigree that is already starting to turn green. With a suspicious glare Anton Senior slowly levers up the lid, then flips it completely open to reveal its precious cargo, gleaming white. It had taken a fair bit of cleaning to cut through the natural yellowing and then some more for the sake of hygeine, and they did need to be filed down to size to be fit for purpose, but all that effort was worth it to present Anton's father with his very own pair of genuine trolltooth dentures.

"What in Taal's name..." he says, gingerly picking it up by one of the teeth.

"You've mentioned a few times that your fake teeth aren't any good for dried meat, so I got you the best," Anton says happily.

"Grey College guarantee that it came from an untainted troll," you say with a grin. "Considering what they normally eat, they'll outlast any of us, even if you take up rock-chewing as a hobby."

While the benefits of trolltooth dentures are considerable, the size disparity between trolls and humans meant that the dentures consist of a grand total of four massive teeth. Anton Senior gives them a suspicious sniff, and then levers out his ivory set to try his best to fit the trolltooth dentures in their place. He eventually succeeds, but the teeth are so large that his mouth is held open in a horrifying grimace. "'ow 'oo 'ey 'oo'?"

"Just grand," you say, fighting back a laugh.

"A new fashion trend just waiting to happen, I'm sure," Anton says.

With some difficulty, Anton Senior pops the trollteeth back out. "Could chew through a castle wall with that. Such a thoughtful gift." He ruffles Anton's hair, then looks about himself to try to find where he set his regular set of teeth down.

"Oh, and we had a few Karak Norn carpenters make a Blutdorf-model crossbow out of Athel Loren hardwood," Anton says casually, handing over the other, much less adorned box. "Since you kept saying you don't want to relearn how to fire any other type of crossbow."

Anton Senior pulls the top of the box and stares down at the crossbow inside. The wood is so dark as to be almost black, and shines with a lacquer that will outlast you all. Also in the box is a sheaf of crossbow bolts made of the same dark wood, one of which Anton Senior is already placing in the notch as he swings his aim between the ornaments and trophies hung on the wall, and eventually he decides on a boar's head and with a click the bolt is embedded just behind the ear. "Never was happy with the taxidermy job on that one," he says happily. "Daresay with this I won't have trouble replacing it."

"Glad this trifle could be of some use," you say solemnly.

---

You eye the sea-chest dubiously. Your instincts scream that it should have pirate treasure in it, but by the way Anton was able to haul it in by himself, you don't think it could be filled with precious metals.

"This one was my father's idea," Anton says. "You're a Shadow Wizard, so you should find the contents very useful."

"A princely gift, and one that not many could get their hands on," Anton Senior says gravely. "I reckon you'll put it to good use."

"I'm sure it will be of immense value to my work," you say, and unable to restrain your curiousity any further, you lift the lid.

"Mathilde!" Anton gasps as you stare down at an empty chest.

"She let them out," Anton Senior says with a groan.

If you hadn't already cheated by thoroughly scrutinizing the chest with your Magesight, that combined with 'useful for a Wizard' would have you extremely concerned. "Let what out?"

"An entire chest of genuine Blutdorf shadows," Anton says sadly. "Took an entire afternoon to get them all in there."

You start to laugh, then pause. "Actually..." you say thoughtfully.

"Oh no." Anton hurriedly reaches under his chair and produces a second, much smaller box, and thrusts it at you. "Here, open this instead of doing Wizard things." You take the lid off, and find yourself looking at a carved wooden figure on horseback. It's not very detailed and was obviously carved by hands unused to delicacy, but the robe, the hat, and the sword on its back make it clear who it's supposed to represent. "There's a few places in Nachthafen selling them. They're used as charms in the Hunter's Hills to ward off the Undead."

"They'd need all the help they can get." Anton Senior peers at the rider. "Who is that, anyway?"

"Some local legend, I think," Anton says with a shrug. "The seller tried to tell me some story about someone who supposedly killed Castle Drakenhof, but it didn't sound all that plausible."

You're not sure how you feel about apparently becoming a folk superstition, but you do know how you're supposed to pretend to react. "I suppose it could keep my vampire skulls company," you say with feigned disinterest, "though I'm not sure if there's room on the shelf."

"Might knock them all onto the floor if it really wards them off," Anton says thoughtfully. "Might be untidy."

"Bit of bouncing around would be good for them," you say decisively.

---

It had been quite some time since you'd heard from those first few flagons of ale, so a rescue party of another round is formed up and sent to go looking for them. There was a time when you'd have started really feeling those drinks by now, but that was before you made your home in a Dwarfhold. Nowadays your palate is broadened and your liver is well exercised.

"My gift for the man that was the first friendly face I saw in Wurtbad is as singular as the man himself," you say gravely as you hand over the unadorned wooden box. You'd debated various containers and displays, but eventually decided they'd simply detract from the granduer of the gift itself.

Anton takes a deep breath to steel himself and lifts the lid, and beholds the glory of what you have gifted him for the first time. "It's... a rock?" he says, looking down at the vaguely pyramidal stone unsuredly.

"It is - or rather was - the very tip of Karag Nar, the easternmost of the Eight Peaks," you say solemnly.

The two Antons look down at the former peak, no bigger than a man's fist. "That's actually really neat," Anton says happily.

"Great conversation starter," Anton Senior says. "'Oh, this rock? That's one of the Eight Peaks.'"

You conceal a frown. You might have overshot a little with the first gift. "Oh, and I've heard your regalia is a bit lacking..."

"Bloody minotaur ran off with the good sword still stuck in him back in '42," Anton Senior grumblingly confirms.

"So I picked up a little something for you." With a negligent toss, you pass the sheathed blade over to Anton. "The Karak found some silversteel ingots in one of the sealed vaults, and I had a fellow in Barak Varr slap something together for you."

Anton draws the blade from the sheath, and raises his eyebrows at the firelight reflecting off the silvery metal. "Ah, cast-offs," he says. "I suppose it will serve."

"We've been getting along just fine with something we cadged off the Flensburg Swords," Anton Senior says, trying not to look too interested in the blade, "but I guess it'd be rude not to use it."

Not long after the exchange of gifts, food arrives as you relocate to the dining room, and then to a balcony to wash it down with another flagon or two. There's a few half-hearted attempts at larceny, but the two Antons are incredibly bad at it. As are you, except in the opposite direction, as your attempts at making incredibly obvious plays for the prizes result in you easily palming them and then sheepishly returning them without either of the Antons noticing. All in all it's a very pleasant evening, and though you doubt you brought all that much honour to Ranald, it made for a good excuse to catch up and have a nice time together.

---


[ ] [ROOM] Explosives Laboratory
A room with enough reinforcement and baffles to withstand all but the most inadvisable of experiments.
[ ] [ROOM] Training Hall
A room for mastering martial combat, including a sparring area.
[ ] [ROOM] Firing Range
A room for training and trialling firearms and ranged offensive spells.
[ ] [ROOM] Workshop
A room dedicated to the more mundane crafts, with tools for woodworking, engraving, etching, scrimshawing, and sewing.
[ ] [ROOM] Provision Room
A room filled with provisions and water sufficient to sustain a single person (and their dog) for a year.
[ ] [ROOM] Keg Cellar
It's easy to cultivate a taste for beers and ales when living in a Dwarfhold. A cellar would pay for itself, as it's much cheaper to buy a freshly-barrelled ale and let it age than it is to buy it after it's ripe and ready to drink.
[ ] [ROOM] Armoury
A room filled with mostly-ranged weapons, suitable to equip a substantial force to defend the Penthouse from attackers from below or from the skies.
[ ] [ROOM] Trophy Room
Your collection of mementos is growing large and impressive enough to deserve a room to itself, complete with tasteful little plaques describing the circumstances under which you acquired each piece.
[ ] [ROOM] Map Room
A room dedicated to the cartographer's art, filled with large, flat surfaces to unroll maps onto and heavy objects to pin down the corners.
[ ] [ROOM] Gyrocopter Hangar
Includes a retractable landing pad and a reinforced outer door that cannot be easily distinguished from stone from the outside. Since you already have a landing pad on the balcony, it's somewhat redundant unless you see a personal gyrocopter in your future.
[ ] [ROOM] Dragon Room
An outer door large enough to admit a draconic guest, and with room enough for them to sit comfortable.
[ ] [ROOM] Guest Room
You already have one. Perhaps you could use another.
[ ] [ROOM] Khazalid Transcription Room (2 Dwarf Favour)
Runic enchantments are capable of transcribing Khazalid due to the relationship between Runesmith Runes and the Khazalid alphabet. Build a room to perform this, suitable for interviews, conferences, or declamations.


Library Purchases
Budget: 300gc, 2 Dwarf Favour. Anything not spent will not accumulate.
[ ] [LIBRARY] No purchase.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Write-in.

Dwarf Favour Purchases
Aethyric Vitae can be spent instead of favour at an exchange rate of 3 favour per gallon; for Rune-related purchases, this will also guarantee the cooperation of Runelords who may otherwise be disinterested. To use this, simply add 'paid by Vitae' or similar to an item you are voting for.
[ ] [DWARF] No purchase.
[ ] [DWARF] Write-in.

College Favour Purchases
[ ] [COLLEGE] No purchase.
[ ] [COLLEGE] Write-in.

Other Purchases
[ ] [PURCHASE] No purchase.
[ ] [PURCHASE] Write-in.


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Feel free to suggest additional room ideas.
- The rooms are not in plan format, feel free to vote for whichever rooms take your fancy. The five with the most votes will be built.
  </body>
</html>