<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>009.M42 Interlude: The Liberation of Mordax</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>009.M42 Interlude: The Liberation of Mordax</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>009.M42 Interlude: The Liberation of Mordax </b>​</div><br/>
“Yaahaaahaa, dis ‘Kroosadin’ fing dat you humies are always going on about are actually zoggin’ good fun, space marine!” cackled Warlord Gorkenok as he unleashed a massive wide-beam of lascannon dealt death Aramus, the Blood Raven just barely managing to dodge. “Aw come on now space marine, it ain’t no fun for Beamy if ya run outta da way! You fink I gave up me mega-shoota for you gits to not get all krumped?!”<br/>
<br/>
Gorkenok did not wait for a response, merely firing off his lascannon weapon once more, while around him the rest of his orks cheered whilst fighting the screaming and indignant skitarii of Mordax Prime. The hate-filled chants by the Sisters of Battle present merely added yet another voice to the chorus of violence which filled the air of the Forgeworld. All around the duel the fighting continued, orks and humans and servants of the Omnissiah all doing their very best to kill their foes. Screams of blasphemy and xenos heresy were met with the racial warcry of the orks since before the Imperium existed at all. In the middle of it all, Gorkenok cackled as Aramus moved forward to meet him, hammer meeting power klaw again and again.<br/>
<br/>
“Not a big talker, eh?” Gorkenok chuckled, “Dat’s all roight, I geddit. Tryin’ to go for da ‘strong and silent type’. Only problem iz, da only boyz what can pull dat bit off is dem Necron boys and I ain’t about to take my Kroosade into dose gits just yet.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus just growled, and hefted the <i>Sunderhammer</i> for another blow which crushed its way into the armor of the Warlord but stopped just barely short of the flesh beneath. But such was not needed, as the power field went into effect and crushed muscle and bone through sheer force. Gorkenot grunted as his organs pulped slightly, but instead merely shifted his feet slightly so that he could try to brain Aramus with the barrel of his looted lascannon.<br/>
<br/>
“Still, yer doin’ a better job of it den dose spikey boyz. Dey wuz tinking dat we were gonna be nuffin but dere ‘cats paws’,” Gorkenok grunted as Aramus landed another blow yet managed to slice along the terminator armor that the Force Commander wore. “I dunno wot a cat iz, but I sure didn’t like dem talkin’ about me as wun, you know!?”<br/>
<br/>
The space marine leapt back – as best as one could in terminator armor – in time to avoid another lascannon blast at close enough range that had he not been wearing a helmet the flesh of his head would have been set aflame or worse vaporized. In the midst of the greenskins, he heard the telltale throaty roar of Thaddeus’ twin chainswords as he set to work amongst the orks, another song sung in the war symphony that filled the ork-held manufactorum. While the Salamanders made their way assaulting Factorum Tertius and Betal, the Dark Angels who were supposed to be here in the first place had mysteriously disappeared for some reason or another that Aramus did not even bother considering. <br/>
<br/>
“Aaagghh, stop dodging! Ya wanna see what happened to dem spikey boyz!?!” Gorkenok bellowed before, ludicrously, turning just to show off the half dozen or so spikes bearing the heads and helmets of both Night Lords and Alpha Legionnaires. “Ain’t dey pretty,” the Warlord chortled as he twisted his whole body to block the next blow with his power klaw even as Aramus attempted to capitalize on the vulnerable moment. “Yer ‘ead will look pretty dere too!”<br/>
<br/>
“Do you ever shut up!?” Aramus finally screamed in frustration as he unleashed a flurry of lighting fast hammer blows on Gorekenok that kept being caught again and again on either the power klaw of the ork or the rapidly battered barrel of his looted lascannon.<br/>
<br/>
“Nah, dah only time I go quiet…is when me GUNS GO LOUD!”<br/>
<br/>
And then the leader of the Kroosade, who had dubbed his nearly conquered world MoreDakka, set his feet. From panels all over his armor, haphazardly and impossibly welded on, came dozens of guns all pointed forward. Cannons and rocket launchers, hellguns, bolters and bolt pistols, and plenty more orkish guns of indeterminate class besides, all of which began almost immediately to fire upon Aramus who for the first time found himself unable to dodge or move away from the sheer width of firepower unleashed upon him. There was nowhere he could reach, nothing around the rubble strewn area that he could defend himself with. Despite the sheer strength and durability of his armor, it found itself bitten into and then nearly cored completely as missiles mixed with lasfire mixed with bolter rounds mixed with hundreds of slugs thrown forth by checker-painted shootas that had been all welded together.<br/>
<br/>
“Aramus!!” Thaddeus yelled as he leapt forth from behind, his chainswords plunging deep into the exposed eyesockets of the Warlord, for whom the sheer amount of bolter rounds, lasfire, and solid slugs flying forward had been rendered temporarily deaf.<br/>
<br/>
Gorkenok screamed, flailed, and found himself twisted, all of his guns firing still all of the while and soon into his own very horde. Thaddeus, roaring in fury all the while, merely shoved the chainswords deeper and deeper, through the eyesockets, the brain, through the throat and further within. The wild movement and shuddering of the body caused by a set of armor that had been an armory in and of itself disguised the fact that by the time Thaddeus had gotten the chainswords down to the hilts that Gorkenok was long dead. Eventually, of course, even the insane amount of ammo shoved into the armor’s weapons ran out, and what few orks remained that had not been cut down by their own Warlord’s gunfire stared in horror as he fell forward onto his face.<br/>
<br/>
But Aramus had already slowly tipped over backward, his eyes wide and lungs filling with blood, the impossible sudden single strike having breached his terminator armor in over two dozen different locations to rip and tear at the body within.<br/>
<br/>
Thaddeus slowly dragged his gore-caked blades upwards and flicked them once to clean them only slightly as he glared at the greenskins before him, the surviving Sisters of Battle and Guardsmen watching in turn.<br/>
<br/>
“Adrian,” he whispered, loud enough for the apothecary to hear and come to the fore, sprinting to the side of the fallen Force Commander who moved not an inch.<br/>
<br/>
“Uh. Boss?” one of the orks said to the tallest amongst them. “I’ze think…dat we shud run.”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes,” Thaddeus growled, his entire body trembling, “You <i>should</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
And then he leapt upon them, while a frantically piloted Thunderhawk came flying down from the direction of the waiting strike cruiser in orbit.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================​</div><br/>
“Some may speak against the honor of the Blood Ravens,” Sergeant Myrn declared as he stood atop the still smoldering corpse of the latest leader of the collapsed ork forces of the Green Kroosade who had attempted to keep the WAAAGGH!! from totally falling to infighting, “But I will say unto them that they would speak only folly. Whatever your crimes to be sent on Penitent Crusade, what you have shown here proves – to me at least – your purity.<br/>
<br/>
“I thank you for your words, Sergeant. I would say the same but all already know of the noble character of the Salamanders,” Thaddeus nodded his head deeply before straightening and looking back towards the waiting Thunderhawk.<br/>
<br/>
“Your Force Commander,” the Salamander noted gently, “His injuries are severe?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes,” Thaddeus bit out, his teeth clenched, before he sighed and lowered his head. “I apologize for my temper. I have seen him clash hammer to blade against an Avatar of Khaine, and yet for an <i>ork</i> to bring him so close and perhaps even <i>fully</i> unto death…”<br/>
<br/>
“I understand. You are true brothers,” Myrn clasped a hand onto the ork-blood covered pauldron of the golden armor that Thaddeus wore. “Some things come without warning, for this is a cruel universe. Even so, I can but offer my condolences.”<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you, Brother Myrn. But we must away, now.”<br/>
<br/>
Myrn frowned, his brow furrowing as he glanced at Thaddeus and then up at the approaching fleet of ships from the Adeptus Mechanicus and Imperial Navy in equal measure.<br/>
<br/>
“…I see. May you live to see your Chapter again.”<br/>
<br/>
Thaddeus’ smile was humorless.<br/>
<br/>
“It stopped being about such a thing long ago. It is just that we would rather die in battle rather than expiring upon an apothecaries table, gasping for breath.”<br/>
<br/>
With that, the Blood Ravens and their strange allied troops departed, leaving the planet, and much of its accolades, to the Salamanders. At least until the strong willed Salamander Sergeant made the deeds of Aramus known in slaying the Warlord who led the WAAAAGH!!! in the first place. As for the Dark Angels, none know where the promised assistance had disappeared, though rumors of Dark Angels ships across various flashpoints across the galaxy suddenly chasing after ghosts and shadows would propagate within the mouths and minds of those who dared to have them. MoreDakka was once more Mordax, and the hundreds of gargants under construction there were destroyed. The Green Kroosade, having slain it’s original masters, fell to infighting and ruin, Imperial reinforcements soon committing to cleansing and full reclamation of the whole of the Scarus Sector. And with its securing, yet more troops flooded into the Cadian system.</div>
  </body>
</html>