<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Seven)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Seven)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><b>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan: Grind Them Down<br/>
<i>-[X] Void Placement</i><br/>
--[X] Bombardment: 2nd Fleet (Kuru)<br/>
--[X] Interdiction: 1st, 4th and 10th Fleets<br/>
<i>-[X] Force Placement</i><br/>
--[X] Change Company Deployments For The Planets<br/>
---[X] 4th Company with the fleet sans Librarians<br/>
---[X] 1st, 2nd and 10th Company to Kuru<br/>
<i>-[X] Planetary Ground Target Priority List</i><br/>
--[X] Kuru (Top)<br/>
--[X] Avanti (Top)<br/>
--[X] Vatsa (Top)<br/>
<i>-[X] Planetary Progression</i><br/>
--[X] Kuru, then Avanti, then Vatsa</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></b><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<br/>
<b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b>​</div><br/>
<b>Kuru Death Mark Abuses: 34 vs. 11</b><br/>
<br/>
Kuru was as the other planets in the system, arid and dusty, its surface and depths overrun by its new masters, its various facilities slowly being transformed and claimed by those that ruled Kuru. By now, it was growing increasingly obvious that the interlopers to the newly claimed territory were nothing like what the Suysh had faced before. They did not falter, they did not retreat, and for all that they were far fewer in number than the so-called Imperial Guard of the New Meat, they managed feats that unsettled and infuriated the Queens. Thus, they unsettled and infuriated the swarms of aliens who marched back and forth in guarded patrols, birthed in ever larger numbers out of unfamiliar fear than anything else. Before, all of this would have been done in preparation for a new invasion force, a new series of armies ready to further invade the feedstock worlds which had been waiting just beyond the confines of the Realm of Queens. Now they were purely made for defense.<br/>
<br/>
“Slither-hunt complete,” clicked and hissed the Clawborn to each other, the impulse and thought circulating through the group-mind at generally the same time.<br/>
<br/>
They had no names, for names were only granted to Queens, who chose them for themselves. They had no need to report their orders directly through the technologies of the New Meat, for the psychic impulses and pheromone trails were more than enough to communicate the completion of their route, as well as the general sense of uneasy pride that no foes had been found. Yet this only lasted for an instant, as the acrid psycho-aromatic stink of one of the unholiest of things entered their receptors as their tongues tasted at the air. In seconds, the Clawborn were shuddering and screaming to themselves as they felt their minds begin to melt beneath the all-powerful rage of a slain Queen. All around them, the appropriated manufactorum’s defenders soon began to feel the same call, a call that was all the worse for its decaying nature which only meant that those who should have followed the Last Command of their Queen had <i>failed</i>!<br/>
<br/>
The Clawborn felt the commands of their own Queen-Mother grow distant in their minds as they charged out, skin splitting and musculature activating with previously inactive supplementary adrenal and chemical glands spread throughout their nervous system.<br/>
<br/>
All that mattered was that which had slain a Queen died!<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================​</div><br/>
<b>Kuru Initial Infiltrations: 85 vs. 61</b><br/>
<br/>
The Hungerers of the hive of SnarlslaughterQueenEater hiss-clicked to one another as they readied their equipment and devoured the fallen. The sounds of battle were coming, but unlike the young Clawborn or even more veteran Bloodscales, the Hungerers knew better than to simply charge. Years of maturity, battle, and feasting ensured that even the call of a Queen’s death could not dislodge them nearly as easily as their lesser brethren. Far more strong was the hunger which gave them their names. To feast, to eat meat, all to keep their hyper-focused metabolism going before it devoured them from within, that all-consuming desire for foods had kept them going when others would have fallen from their wounds. Yet they could not feast forever, but they would feast again soon.<br/>
<br/>
The outer defenses had been triggered, open warfare on the scrub-laden wastelands outside of the mountain, and much death was wrought there. The Hungerers, this pack of them at least, knew that soon enough their Queen would order them forward to feast and kill upon the intruders. The burning blades stung the open air with their heat, hazy outlines created around each of the Suysh present while their power packs and thermal cannons were readied. All the better to cook the meat before devouring them. It was as much purposeful as coincidence that the cooking technologies of the Suysh had proven to be effective against the New Meat in all their glorious numbers.<br/>
<br/>
Only one of the Hungerers noticed the intruder in their midst, and that one died to a flechette-based attack out of a stocky non-cooking weapon which had been pushed partially into the open maw of the Suysh as it prepared to take another bite out of the pile of dried and cooked New Meat in front of it. Then there was a flash as a teleportation beacon – not that the Suysh knew what such a thing was – activated and delivered the elites of the Rough Meat right into the chamber. The Hungerers did not pause, did not falter, did not even register surprise or hesitation before they immediately leapt upon the intruders into their feeding area.<br/>
<br/>
Only for the Rough Meat to begin firing with their own non-cooking weaponry, shells flying out of revolving cannons and crackling lightning-clad hammers and shields. The Hungerers were mighty and without hesitation. They died to those mighty and without hesitation. One of them laughed as they grappled and fought in the tight confines of the cavern, a creature of Rough Meat covered in void-black armor and bearing a skull cleaned of meat. Though the Hungerers had tasted the knowledge fed to their mind-hunger, throttled down their throats really by the Queen, they did not understand the Rough Meat’s bellows and near song-like cadence, not truly. And then, very quickly, it did not matter at all for the Hungerers had tasted the most bitter of meats, death.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><b>Kuru Deeper Infiltrations: 42 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
The Void Screamer howled, as was their kind’s wont, the tides of the Endless Screaming pounding in their auditory receptors. Long ago the scale flaps which had covered the holes of this Suysh had been clawed away and eaten, all the better to hear the Screaming as it forever screeched. Eyelids too had long been eaten, the dry crackling of moisture-deprived eyeballs providing the most pleasant and distracting of tunes amidst the otherwise largely overwhelming presence of the Endless Screaming. It was only the power, glorious and terrible, of the Queen which could override even that, to guide the screamer to their place of purpose and feasting. The upper caverns of the stolen mine from the New Meat, the new Hive, were charnel pits now, the wafting scent of death and waiting meat to be eaten clogging the nostrils of Clawborn and Hungerers alike. Fang tanks were rolling out now, at the order of the Queen who was only just beginning to learn of the incursion. And so the Void Screamers had been sent out, their ability to scent and see through the Endless Screaming far in excess to the so far useless guards and patrols to defend their new home from the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
Yes…yes! A morsel given grandiose shape, attempting to slip forth through the shadows! The soul within was a sparking golden thing, a cracking piece of machinery that bled light rather than oil. But where the light should have been wholly glorious, it was shot through with darkness. Regret. Self-loathing. All wondrous spices for the meat that only a Void Screamer could consume. An alarm, ah, of course, this one had already begun to shriek for its fellow Suysh to discover the attacker, mind and body forever out of synch. The tunnel wall was shattered by Hungerers, and the morsel was abruptly joined by others, but none so dark. The tide of the Endless Screaming was to be channeled, to let loose the noise within as noise without! There, one of the morsels was thrown back, bone crunching deliciously and armor crumpling as a wave of pure force was conjured forth! Another, this one set aflame to cook! And this one to –<br/>
<br/>
“There, the psyker is stopped.”<br/>
<br/>
“I apologize, Chapter Master, but the psyker managed to see through the veil I was attempting to craft.”<br/>
<br/>
“It is no matter, Epistolary. Apollo, are you injured?”<br/>
<br/>
“…no, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Kuru Queen Assaults: 26 vs. 10/71 vs. 20/49 vs. 36/54 vs. 25/88 vs. 64</b><br/>
<br/>
Her name was torn asunder from the Endless Screaming and her own experiences. Slaughter-Bringer-Larder-Hoarder. Her Hive was resplendent. In the past, she would surely have been worthy of becoming a Queen Over All, a ruler of a vast number of subordinate broods of her own daughter-queens. But instead, she had been sent forth by the Queen of Queens, and her appetite was filled with the incredible taste of the New Meat, so fresh and divergent from the meat of the Suysh. A glorious time of feasting and birthing, her Hive contributing many fresh troops to the blessed Queens birthed for the Void Above, all to be ferried to new worlds, to New Meat. But that time was done, for now they were under assault once more! The New Meat had tried, of course, repeatedly!<br/>
<br/>
But the Rough Meat were far worse. No Queen had tasted Rough Meat flesh and soul, to devour and digest information and knowledge. Some few lesser births had managed to tear a bite here and there out, but none were Queens, much less Void Screamers, and so there was little gained than the temporary filling of a belly. The lattermost was paramount, of course, and yet the frustration remained! She screeched as more eggs plopped out of her birthing canals, slick with slime already beginning to harden protectively in the open air. Her Royal Guard were all around her, assembled and readied for the incoming assault. It was impossible to miss, now, the Rough Meat that were marching through the tunnels while outside of her mountain even more Rough Meat drew away her defensive troops.<br/>
<br/>
She could, mostly clearly, sight the blazing beacons of the Rough Meat’s poor versions of the Void Screamer, birthed from nowhere and nothing approaching a true Queen. Their might, however, was undeniable. There! She bellowed, and thus the Hive turned towards the intruders. Her mind scattered in a dozen directions, pheromones and psychic impulse commanding their efforts to encircle and entrap the comparatively tiny force which had arrived. But even as her Royal Guard moved, a portion of her vast mind espied small bodies of the Rough Meat leaping upwards through the air, their flight propelled by streams of flame and fuel! Her shields formed instantly, thick and strong and built to withstand things of the Endless Screaming as well as those of the meat-realm. Yet instead of coming straight for her, at the very edge of it, they descended amongst the eggs!<br/>
<br/>
No! The eggs! Her more precious of children and last resort food source! Go, go! She shrieked for her Royal Guard to return, to protect, but – no! The Endless Screaming bent and twisted as new arrivals appeared in flashes of light and pain that were too close, far too close! The leader, the Not-Queen, she could see through the Endless Screaming how skeins of control and loyalty stretched from all the Rough Meat towards this one! Near him, an angry dark star in the Endless Screaming! The threat was too much, already the Hive was turning about, presenting backsides to punishing weapons-fire from the Rough Meat who had come through the cavern’s entrances! The Royal Guard pushed to the fore were battered and beaten by the Not-Queen, its flying soldiers, its own Royal Guard! No! It wasn’t fair!<br/>
<br/>
“I…I will devour you ALL!” She bellowed, rough approximations of the tasteless language of the New Meat erupting from her flaps and speaking orifices.<br/>
<br/>
But even as she roused herself, she felt them slipping past her shields, the dark star creating sliver-thin openings enough for the Rough Meat to penetrate through. Her shields, which could withstand artillery and explosive, the predators of the Endless Screaming, remaining all but intact save for split-second tears. And then she began to feel pain. She attacked with all her fury! But it did not fell the Rough Meat, even if it wounded some. Claws, fangs, psychic blasts and bursts, flames and mind-tearing waves of intent, it staggered all but a few, but not the Not-Queen and one of its Royal Guard! She felt blows upon her flesh, her bones, cracking beneath hammer and gun alike. It should not be! The New Meat had failed to even get past her Hive’s outer defenders, their mountain hers to grow in, their efforts useless! The galaxy was to be a feast! A feast for the Suysh!<br/>
<br/>
In the end, her blind fury and hunger had her self-cannibalizing her own wounded limbs as the Rough Meat tore her apart. The ensuing Death-Mark of her agonized spirit was, to the horror of all those of the Hive, dissolved before it could do anything at all. There would be no final assault, no grand revitalization of the Hive in the name of revenge. The Royal Guard, kept protectively by a Queen more cowardly than most of her peers, were all slain leaving the Hive without even the pretense of leadership.<br/>
<br/>
And she would not be the last Queen killed on Kuru in the next week.<br/>
<br/>
A series of explosions ripped through the underground caverns of Siltway Manufactorum Complex Tertius, deepest of the three powerful manufacturing facilities of the greater Siltway territory. There, Suysh died in vast numbers, some to the collapsing rocks that fell in tons upon their scaled heads, some to their own brethren due to their wounds causing the hunger to overwhelm those nearby, and still others were cut down in bolter fire and flamer bursts. Missile launchers kept back the Suysh tanks at bay, while the assembled Librarius kept back the Queen’s final attempt at retribution for those that had caused her death. Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos of the Blood Ravens would add another of the putrid beings to his tally that day. His terminator armor was covered from top to bottom in gallons and gallons of alien ichor, yet he strode from the corpse of the slain Queen without difficulty, the rest of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company and Honor Guard around him keeping back even the mutating and frenzied Hungerers and Royal Guards of the Hive.<br/>
<br/>
In the depths of Ruby Mountain, so-called because of the fist-sized precious stones regularly excavated there which added vast amounts of wealth to the Imperial nobles who owned stakes there, a Queen died at range. The combined ranged firepower of nearly the whole of the admittedly depleted Blood Ravens broke through her physic shields without any aid required from the Librarius, the sheer dint of firepower brought to bear by Captain Macharius Sicarius creating, ever so briefly, the near effect of staring directly into the face of a star at close range. Specifically, with the aid of his relic Plasma Cannon, as well as the purposefully equipped dreadnoughts of the chapter. The steaming fields of slain Suysh would continue to burn for hours after the Blood Raven contingent had been evacuated to safety.<br/>
<br/>
Warned enough by the deaths of the other Queens, the ruling Queen who had sequestered herself in the warren-like tunnels of a massive dormitory complex once inhabited by the New Meat birthed a great number of new soldiers. She had returned all patrolling fang tanks and scream claws, dragging even those who guarded lesser manufacturing facilities. After all, it would not matter if they were able to continue producing new weaponry and war machines for the Feasting War if the Queen herself died! But for this Queen, at least, she had miscalculated on the value of her position. It was instinctively tactical behavior from her species, to purposefully inhabit the most valued of positions of the enemy once taken, to ensure a prominent but well protected position. But where the mines and manufactorums were considered of utmost priority for reclamation, dormitories were not even on the list of protected facilities.<br/>
<br/>
She died in an instant of orbital fire once her position was confirmed, as did Suysh across the planet wherever they wandered outside of protected areas.<br/>
<br/>
The last Queen on Kuru was prepared. She had marshalled all of her forces, and was actively exerting her will to maintain control over her Hive, straining herself to ensure that when the Death-Marked came, that her Hive would not lose itself over the matter. It worked, even, though her fury at the mere psychic resonance nearly shattered her control. And so the Rough Meat were forced to invade a fully and forewarned Hive for the first time in quite some time. But despite all possible expectations of the Queen, the Rough Meat did not falter. Stoically, they marched into the tunnels, a multitude of spear-tip assaults that invaded and then returned, puncturing the defenses and then retreating before a surging group of Suysh could catch up to them and kill them. Again and again the Rough Meat pushed deeper and deeper than before, until they finally ceased, allowing the Queen to absolutely flood the tunnels with fresh births, clogging them top to bottom with Clawborn. Her Royal Guard pushed to the front, determined to stop the next assault before it could even get past the first tunnel entrances.<br/>
<br/>
And then the Rough Meat appeared behind them all, teleported safely through the tunnels by means of previously hidden teleporter repeaters and beacons. By the time the Suysh had turned back around, the Queen frantically commanding them to do so, the Rough Meat were practically sprinting down the tunnels, deeper and deeper while cutting their way past the scattered defenders left behind at checkpoints. By the time the Royal Guard had pushed and eaten their way past the throttling newborn horde, the Queen was under direct assault. By the time they had reached the Queen’s birthing chamber, hollowed out and stabilized with all the majesty of Suysh engineering, she was dying. The Royal Guard would witness the Not-Queen of the Rough Meat strike the final blow, and though they waited for the Death-Mark to activate their biological programming…it never came.<br/>
<br/>
Then the Rough Meat were gone once more, and the Royal Guard were left with naught but despair, confusion, and hunger in their wake. The latter of which would soon begin to overwhelm them without the guiding presence of a Queen’s mind.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================​</div><br/>
High above the planet Avanti, the Blood Ravens assembled. The wounded had been restored by the efforts of the Apothecarium, the forges churning out ammo and the techmarines enacting repair rites upon armor and arms aplenty. For a solid week, the Librarius had worked along with the greatest tactical minds of the chapter, all supplied with reports and recordings aplenty. Enemy strengths and weaknesses, successes and failures on the parts of the astartes, and more were analyzed. The cogitators of the ships were consulted many a time, as was the careful deliberations of the Librarius as they focused on their more esoteric rituals. It was not the same as the foolish and vain predictions of the Eldar Farseers, a thousand branching paths with them prancing about relying purely on the literally unreliable Warp and their own alien thought processes. No, here, the cold logic of the cogitators, the experience of the space marines with centuries of experience up to and including consultations with the venerable minds of the dreadnoughts, all of this buoyed and strengthened the postulations offered by the Librarius.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Imperial Guard+Navy Reports: 50<br/>
Inquisitor Reports: 76<br/>
Personal Combat Experience: 65<br/>
Librarius Rituals: 93</b><br/>
<br/>
The reports from Imperial Guard and Navy – only somewhat usable – and Inquisition – considerably more informative –had been consumed and analyzed. The more personal reports were useful, but not significantly so. It was obvious that Hannibal would have completely different opinions on how to best deal with the Suysh than Captain Sicarius, the two diametrically opposed on their preferred methods of xeno destruction with their experiences different accordingly. Yet that too was useful in its own way. But truthfully, the greatest aid came from that which had nearly been wiped out by Kyras in his hatred. The Librarius, slowly having grown stronger over time, performed their rituals with full attendance from the lowest of their newest members up to the might of the Chief Librarian. There, they pierced the veil using the psychic act known as ‘Battle Sight’, again and again. All of this was fed to the cogitators, and once that information was collated, it was once more analyzed relentlessly.<br/>
<br/>
This was not the panicked deployment to Tartarus, nor the rushed assembly for the Dark Crusade, much less the Kaurava Campaign, though the lack of heavy Librarius support was suspected to have Kyras behind it with hindsight.<br/>
<br/>
Eventually, however, the plan was set.<br/>
<br/>
All that remained was to follow it.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Avanti Plan Execution: 98 vs. 77</b><br/>
<br/>
Thus the Blood Ravens deployed to Avanti. Precision and discipline marked their paths. Where the enemy was, the Blood Ravens struck. Where the enemy defended, they were drawn out or circumvented entirely. The scouts proved their worth time and again, guided by the Librarians to plant mines and explosives, to deliver teleporter beacons, to mark enemy positions which only further reinforced certain possible branches of the plan while disabusing others. Such was the point, of course. To assume that everything would go perfectly along a single planned path was the height of foolishness, but by preparing additional possible branching paths. If something did not work, it did not mean that the Blood Ravens had failed, merely that instead of striking a column of fang tanks protecting the outer reaches of a particular Hive’s territory that infiltrators could assault different tunnels and infiltrate in different areas.<br/>
<br/>
Mountains, canyons, mines, manufacturing facilities. Places where weapons and tanks could be made, where raw materials were processed. All of those places granted the highest possible strategic value in the confines of the campaign, these places soon became charnel houses once more. In the past, the PDF had been slaughtered by the invading Suysh, their bodies wholly devoured raw or cooked. Then, the Imperial Guard had come, but there they had faltered, and they had been wholly devoured. But now, the Blood Ravens came, and it was the alien that was ground beneath their boots, shot to pieces with their bolters, vaporized beneath their plasma weaponry, or burned to death with their flamers. A diversion here. An infiltration there. And in those cases where the plan called for it, outright confrontation to ensure total attention of the Hive.<br/>
<br/>
The first Queen to die on Avanti died only three hours before the second, the two having found a divergent amount of care and communal appreciation between the two and thus having placed their Hives uncharacteristically close together. The rest would take longer, more than a week each of hard-fought battles to reach deep into where they had hidden themselves and slay them. Yet it was done. On a handful of occasions, the abilities of the Librarius to examine the near future and watch for enemy movements came into effect, ensuring the avoidance of ambush and catastrophic failure due to the efforts of Void Screamers nearly succeeding in obscuring certain Suysh movements.<br/>
<br/>
It was not the glorious rush of, say, the Blood Angels, or perhaps the lightning speed warfare of the White Scars. If anything, it followed the cold calculus of the Iron Hands, bolstered with the fire and fury that the Blood Ravens possessed and further secured by the careful and vital work of the Librarius. The fear and suspicion that plagued all psykers was not without reason, throughout the Imperium and beyond, but amongst the Blood Ravens those of the purged and purified Librarius there was at least a doctrinal faith and belief. To be sure, Librarians were not without their failings and faults, none knowing this more keenly than the chapter’s brothers due to the betrayal and corruption of Kyras and the tragic fall of Isador for the Chapter Master personally. But here, and now, they succeeded in their efforts.<br/>
<br/>
Queen fell after Queen, and in time, even the Death-Mark placed upon Captain Cyrus began to fade. Something that was, to the Suysh, never before done. Never had one so marked failed to be destroyed, yet the wily Captain had lived with it so long that even the powerful psychic energies of a dying Queen could remain forever. By the time the fighting on Avanti was declared finished, the Hives ruined and without leadership, it had faded entirely due to the simple fact that Captain Cyrus outlived the vengeful act of the alien. Above, the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company fleet had bombarded massive armies of Suysh who had fallen to infighting without their Queens, while the rest of the Chapter Fleet formed up with the ships of the Scarlet Lions and fought off an incursion of Suysh ships.<br/>
<br/>
This too, had been planned for.<br/>
<br/>
The incursion point was luckily predicted, or rather fifteen possible locations had been chosen with this being the most likely, and so the moment the Suysh ships translated out of the Warp they found themselves bombarded and in some cases boarded by the ships of the space marines. Bombardment cannons and close range weapons arrays blew holes in the alien fleet. Though the Suysh had come expecting battle, and began firing the moment they confirmed the presence of the enemy, the xenos were not prepared enough for those that faced them. These were not the Imperial Navy, nor were those invading their ships void armsmen. These were the Blood Ravens and the Scarlet Lions who – bemused at the plans offered by their peers – raucously joined in. Blood was shed in tandem as they slaughtered the Suysh, and the death of more than one Queen was accomplished due to cooperating gunnery technicians and dual bombardments. By the standards of most void battles, it was short, but the violence enacted in that same span of time was considerable. Worse for the Suysh, the ships were able to retreat to the reclaimed <i>Crown</i> and obtain quick repairs using commandeered resources to better be capable of standing up to the enemy should they invade once more.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><b>Vatsa Plan Execution: 53<br/>
Scarlet Lions: 70<br/>
Suysh: 55</b><br/>
<br/>
By the time the Blood Ravens appeared over Vatsa, the battle was nearly won without them. The Scarlet Lions had pushed hard, slaughtering vast numbers of Suysh as they searched for signs left behind by the false lions. Though only two Queens had been added to their tallies, the sheer vigorous effort expended by the Primarch-less marines of lost Lemnos ensured that the other Hives were forced into a concentrated defensive posture. In truth, the plan more than accommodated the Scarlet Lions. It, in fact, worked to ensure their participation and efforts were magnified in success and minimized in failures. Force Commander Bartorius would slay a Queen, aided by Blood Raven-led diversions drawing off defensive forces. Captain Agamat would do the same, the Blood Ravens leading the way into the deeper caverns while letting the Scarlet Lions 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company become a roaring spear-tip to plunge into the heart of the Queen.<br/>
<br/>
Vatsa would be properly dealt with in time, but after a mere week of fighting the lion’s share was more than done with. Without Queens, without almost any remaining Royal Guard, the Suysh were already falling into infighting with no method to replenish their numbers. And so the Scarlet Lions and the Blood Ravens found themselves assembling at the reclaimed and mostly repaired <i>Sacred Crown</i>. It would take the Mechanicus some dedicated effort to fully repair the station, but the tech marines of the Blood Ravens had done as best they could. Of the Chapter’s leadership, only Hannibal was absent, being remanded to the apothecaries due to the wounds he had sustained in battle with his largely broken armor being sent for massive repairs to the tech-marines. <i>Again</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“Though the truth remains verily spoken, I cannot help but be baffled and enraged!” Bartorious shouted as he slammed the table once more, causing the projections of the false lions to flicker.<br/>
<br/>
“My company found no signs,” Captain Agamat says softly, shaking his head, “But I trust you Force Commander.”<br/>
<br/>
“We all do, Agamat,” Kallek huffs, “But forsooth do I despise these…these <i>jackanapeses</i> who hath desecrated the memory of the 8<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.”<br/>
<br/>
“I not wherefore these false marines come from,” Bartorious growls, “Nor why they pretendeth to beest of the Lion’s sons, but I knoweth yond marines art false Scarlet Lions and yet did pretend to beest so – a death sentence regardless! Yet afore that death, I must know how and why they hath donned such trickery!”<br/>
<br/>
“Yet, our mission given thusly by yon Mistress Tarquindil wast to putteth an endeth to the Suysh in this system, good Bartorius. Can we truly afford to deny her and thus loseth the Chapter her promised rewards?” Agamat speaks up, rubbing at his scarred chin.<br/>
<br/>
“I…,” Bartorius growls, turning on his fellow Scarlet Lion with one finger held high.<br/>
<br/>
A metallic cough brought about by bionic lungs drew attention next.<br/>
<br/>
“If I may,” Gabriel said calmly, “Our Master of the Forge has some news to share.”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus approached the table next, servo-arm twitching slightly over his shoulder.<br/>
<br/>
“I have discovered the location of the Suysh home system, and it is indeed where the false lions departed to. How they discovered it so quickly I do not know, but I suspect that they somehow figured out the coordinates with the aid of what…or <i>whoever</i> they were searching for leaving signs behind. As suspected, it lies just beyond the reach of the Astronomicon, but I firmly believe that with the aid of the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, we can reach that point.”<br/>
<br/>
With that said, he placed several data pads for perusal upon the table. Scoured databanks of the <i>Sacred Crown</i>, carefully investigated xeno technology, reversed astral analysis provided by the Librarius, and information gained through the Omophagea. The latter of which had involved a few tech marines being discreetly transported to corpses of certain slain Queens upon the void ships. All of this had been looked at, reported, analyzed, and then analyzed again. The information was near-irrefutable. The false marines who had departed had traveled in the same direction, leading a worrisome credence to the information. It was no simple matter to track something through the Warp, for the Warp itself could reshape itself and thus muddy any such trail immediately, but for a wonder such had not happened just yet.<br/>
<br/>
At the same time, the orders given were to reclaim the worlds present. Because there had been no information on the Suysh homeworlds, it was likely that the Imperium was planning on reclaiming and then heavily fortifying the system again with the expectation that they would be weathering assaults from then on. It would not be the first time a system had been treated as such, but the materials and manufactorums that the Suysh yet still inhabited were vital to the Sector. While the current stockpiles and rationing procedures could stretch for a considerable period of time, the fact of the matter was that without the Jahal System, the Sector would be greatly weakened in the long run. Without Queens, the Suysh were turning on each other, and there was, admittedly, the possibility of them irreparably destroying the facilities the space marines had been sent to reclaim.<br/>
<br/>
But on the other hand, the possibility of ending the Suysh threat at the source was…tempting, Gabriel had to admit.<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius growled as the Force Commander clearly came to the same conclusion.<br/>
<br/>
“We could leave behind a Company to maintain clearing efforts against the Suysh in the Jahal System,” Cyrus eventually spoke up, the Captain of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company remaining largely obscured in the shadows of the room.<br/>
<br/>
He leaned forward, hair obscuring much of his face save for his cybernetic eye.<br/>
<br/>
“We had a responsibility to committing as little as possible collateral damage on the worlds of this system. There is no such requirement for the home worlds of the Suysh. Furthermore, as they are outside of the light of the Astronomicon, it is unlikely that the Imperium would ever desire to try colonization. My scouts and I could remain here, Chapter Master. Without the Queens, I doubt we would face too much difficulty.”<br/>
<br/>
Not to mention, without the Death-Mark affecting him anymore, he could personally intervene wherever it was required.<br/>
<br/>
Still, the suggestion was made, and so Cyrus leaned back into the shadows, arms coming up to cross over his chest.<br/>
<br/>
"You speaketh truth, Agamat, yet consider thusly," Bartorius turned to look at Gabriel, "Our orders were to assisteth the Blood Ravens, not merely cleanse yon benighted system."<br/>
<br/>
Hmm. Gabriel could see what Bartorius was asking, even if he had done so obliquely. Yet it was not a decision made lightly. The ships of both chapters were repaired, their wounded for the most part walking and able to fight once more. But to plunge beyond the confines of the Astronomicon was not lightly done, even if the mysterious beacon within the <i>Litany of Fury</i> had aided them in doing so before. But they would be without easy support at the same time, and they had no information whatsoever on what was going on in the home system of the Suysh. At the same time, the false lions had gone there in search of some group of marines or another, and had been willing to lie about their origins to do so. And, if Gabriel was honest with himself, he felt the burning desire to <i>know, </i>to peel apart a mystery, something inherent to most all Blood Ravens. Yet all the while he pondered, the Suysh continued to fight below, and the false lions did who knew what.<br/>
<br/>
And so he came to a decision.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Crisis Point Reached</b><br/>
Phase 5 Concluded! The Queens of the Suysh within the Jahal System have all died. The Suysh have fallen completely into self-cannibalization. The efforts of Martellus and the Librarius have borne fruit, the home system coordinates of the Suysh have been discovered. However, the Suysh infighting may or may not damage infrastructure on the planets of the Jahal System if left unchecked. The False Scarlet Lions are confirmed to have departed in the same direction as the coordinates discovered, all for chasing after some unknown group of marines. No further fatalities were sustained by the Blood Ravens, but the Scarlet Lions took a few while fighting alone on Vatsa. Cyrus suggests that without needing to work to reduce collateral, there would be no need to hold back on the Suysh home system, and furthermore that the 10th Company could remain behind to technically fulfill the Chapter's orders to continue fighting against the Suysh and reclaim facilities that now no longer possess reinforcements. Without the Beacon Psykana upon the <i>Litany of Fury, </i>the journey could not be safely made, thus the true Scarlet Lions are reliant upon the Blood Ravens to discover the truth.<br/>
<br/>​</div><b>Decision:<br/>
[] Onwards And Foe-Wards:</b> The only way to truly end the Suysh threat is to destroy them at the source, to ensure that they cannot continue threatening the sector forever. This will, if only temporarily, take the Blood Ravens beyond the confines of the Imperium along with the Scarlet Lions. But the value cannot be understated. The Imperium would surely look kindly upon removing the Suysh as a continuing threat, including the Inquisition...if successful, of course.  [Write-In Forces Allotted]<b> Not Required, Will Mean Blood Ravens do not pursue Suysh Homeworlds if no forces are allotted. ADDITIONAL NOTE: This will pull the Litany of Fury off of its current duties with the 5th Company to make use of the Beacon.</b><br/>
-[] Following The Letter: Some Blood Ravens must stay behind if the rest of the Chapter leaves, if only to ensure that they are perceived as still performing the task asked of them by combating the Suysh in the Jahal System. [Write-In Forces Allotted]<br/>
-[] If Some Go, Some Stay: If the Litany of Fury is pulled from its current position, it will need to replaced, if only temporarily. [Write-In Ships Exchanged For Litany of Fury Arrival]<br/>
<b>[] Remain And Cleanse:</b> The orders given were to secure the Jahal System. That is precisely what the Blood Ravens are going to do. The Scarlet Lions may not be pleased, but other than suicidally attempting to charge off into the warp, they can only remain here. This is the safest option, surely, and the Imperium would be pleased to see such a space marine concentration working towards common cause.  Will remain present until Imperial Reinforcements arrive to secure system fully.</div>
  </body>
</html>