<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 24: Draksfjord</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 24: Draksfjord</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally
[*] [BARBITUS] Interrogation
[*] [DEPART] Remain with the Expedition until Praag
[*] Attempt to make contact with the Baersonlings
[*] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[*] Attempt to find the Norse Dwarf outpost of Kraka Ravnvake
-[*] With Johann



In the Steppes, the Expedition avoided most conflicts by speed and bluff. Neither will serve you with the Baersonlings. The Norscans are much more likely to be able to identify an Imperial by sight and accent, and here they occupy a chokepoint between a river and a forest on the entrance to Black Blood Pass. Taking them by surprise seems more likely to lead to an unwanted conflict than it is to avoid it, so you organize a suitably impressive escort of Winter Wolves - enough to cause them to think before they act, not so much that they take it as a raiding party - and ride for the Baersonling settlement the day before the steam-wagons are due to arrive there.

It's easy to assume that Black Blood Pass is named for the general role that Norsca plays in Kislev's history, but it's actually named for Black Blood River. Water trickling in from volcanic springs stirs the deep and ancient mud on the bed of the lake Snorri labelled 'Sausage Lake', and it flows out again blackened and sluggish and steaming. When it reaches the Frozen Sea it forms an oasis of life as the heat of the water holds back the ice and the minerals in it cause a flourishing of ocean life. It's a natural place for a settlement, and as it comes into sight it becomes clear that the Baersonlings weren't the first to take advantage of it. At the centre of a sprawling cluster of wooden Norscan structures are stone buildings laid out with geometric precision around stone roads, with long, sturdy wharves allowing access to every inch of liquid water.

"Must have been a Norse Dwarf harbour," you say to Sir Ruprecht beside you. "The Dwarves aren't going to like this."

"I already don't like this," he says, nodding towards the trees visible over the roofs of the settlement. At first you think that the nearest are swaying in the breeze, but then you realize that the movements are much too violent for that, and a series of cracks echo like gunshots as the trunk of a great tree surrenders to the grip of the mammoth that is assaulting it. It bellows in triumph as the tree falls, reaching out with its trunk to tear off branches and shovel them into its maw, and the rhythmic thuds of axes begin to sound as the Norscans get to work on the tree their mammoth has felled.

Well, that complicates matters. But the Norscans aren't going to get any less in your way just because the situation just got uglier. So you take a deep breath and lead the way over the ice towards the settlement, keeping your pace relaxed even as a horn blows somewhere amongst the buildings and an armed, watchful, and mostly blond crowd gathers on the shore, watching your approach. You've no intention of alarming them and prompting a hasty reaction. The Norscans are renowned for martial valour but they're dab hands at archery too, possibly due to cultural cross-pollination from their coreligionists of the Steppe.

"Heill ok sæll," you say as you approach, hoping you have the pronunciation correct. Happy and healthy is a cheerful enough greeting until you realize that it serves dual purpose as a threat: ready to fight and glad for the opportunity to. "I am here to speak to your leader." Beside you, a Nordlander of the Winter Wolves translates into the Norscan tongue.

"I am Vindslaktare, Chieftain of Sjoktraken," comes the translation of the reply of the man who steps forward, a short and wiry man of advanced years with a sword of shimmering black stone and a short, greying beard. "Why are Southerners approaching from the north?"

"Our fleet seeks to travel to the lands of the Gospodar."

"In service to the Wolf-God?" he asks, running his eye over the Winter Wolves.

"Our service was fulfilled in the lands of the Kurgan. Now we return with the favour of our Gods."

There's some chatter amongst the crowd at that, a few stepping forward to mutter to the Chieftain while a few shouted suggestions that you probably don't need translated. "You wish to avoid spilling blood?" Vindslaktare says after listening. "Then pay the blood price for passage."

"What they call 'weregild'," the Nordlander explains. "200 silver coins for a free-man, ten times that for their equivalent of a Knight."

"Over ten thousand crowns," you say after a moment's thought. "Exorbitant. And with your mounts, they're unlikely to believe that you're 'just' free-men." And if you try to negotiate, you'd have to mention the numbers of your Expedition to have a figure to negotiate, and your low numbers might convince them that they're in a position to press an attack and win. "Do we have any other options?"

"Apart from just bulling through? We could challenge them," the Nordlander says. "Champion against Champion, or Vitki against Vitki - that would be a Wizard against their Shaman or Sorcerer. Our victory would mean the Gods intend for us to pass unhindered. Or we could gift them our excess cows in exchange for being invited to a feast, which would leave us covered under their hospitality traditions, which would also allow us to pass - though the feast would be dedicated to their Gods."

"Your call," Sir Ruprecht says, "but I think I could take him. And I definitely think Joerg could."

You consider the options as you return the gaze of the Norscan Chieftain, who seems filled with grim anticipation. As the Nordlander mentioned, the other option would be simply smashing your way through the Baersonling settlement, which the steam-wagons should be fully capable of doing - either by full light of day or by surprise at night. But that mammoth of theirs, which is already shaking the earth as it wanders over to see what's going on, could complicate matters.


[ ] Martial Challenge
-[ ] Joerg
-[ ] Ruprecht
-[ ] Snorri
-[ ] Asarnil

[ ] Magical Challenge
-[ ] Yourself
-[ ] Johann
-[ ] Maximillian
-[ ] Egrimm
-[ ] Michel
-[ ] Ljiljana

[ ] Feast
[ ] Day Assault
[ ] Night Assault
[ ] Negotiate passage fee
[ ] Other (write in)


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- As the Expedition is so close, there's no time to go back and confer with the rest of the Expedition's leadership. You and Ruprecht have enough authority between you to make the decision without upsetting Snorri and Joerg.
- You can vote for a candidate for either of the Challenges without voting for the Challenge itself. Simply vote for '-[ ] Whoever' without voting for the '[ ] Challenge', and that way if the Challenge wins you will have a say in who will be fighting in it.
- The other options chosen for this 'turn' will take place after you gain access to Black Blood Pass.
- You are only a week away from Kislev, so there should be no supply problems from gifting cows to the Baersonlings.
- If you challenge and lose, then you're back to square one with the challenge option off the table. The challenge is to the death, with the loser considered a sacrifice to the God of the winner.
  </body>
</html>