<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Five)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Five)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Truth and Task</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>[] Plan: Truth and Task</b><br/>
-[] Tell the Grey Knights about the Ritual of Binding that Chapter Master and Chief Librarian Moriah devised which specifically targets Ulkair. Reaction of the Grey Knights unknown.<br/>
-[] Subsector Focus<br/>
--[] Aurelia<br/>
---[] Grey Knights not assigned to Meridian, Adeptus Mechanicus, Exalted Court of House Myrlen; House Merlyn, Gabriel Angelos + Honor Guard, Apollo Diomedes, Justinius Probalis, Blood Raven's 1st Company<br/>
--[] Meridian<br/>
---[] 10 Grey Knights, Inquisitor's Forces, House Legrin, Scarlet Lions 3rd Company, Hannibal Palrun, Martellus Ravias, Blood Raven's 3rd Company<br/>
--[] Calderis<br/>
---[] House Aerian, Scarlet Lions 2nd Company, Nero Gracchus, Blood Raven's 4th Company<br/>
--[] Typhon<br/>
---[] House Baroon, Blood Raven's 2nd Company<br/>
--[] Cyrene<br/>
---[] Xerult, Blood Raven's 5th Company<br/>
--[] Other<br/>
---[] Spread 10th Company equally amongst the theaters, leadership to Meridian, fleet to Cyrene.<br/>
---[] Spread unassigned specialists equally amongst the Blood Raven companies.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>A Breath Choked By Ash<br/>
+075.M42+ To +080.M42+<br/>
Be Faithful! Be Strong! Be Vigilant! - The Emperor of Mankind</b><br/>​</div>The warp around Subsector Aurelia was growing more turbulent. There was, as of yet, seemingly no sign of the remaining number of their allies as promised. What they had was considerable, of course, by certain standards, but the slaves of Nurgle would not easily be repelled. This, Gabriel knew well. The Lost Rosetta had sworn they would come, but they had not yet materialized. And yet he could more hope for their arrival than for the utter hordes of Meridian Guard that Derosa had herself promised. It had been only a few weeks ago that she had spoken to him, red-faced with shame and anger. Much effort and resources had been expended, negotiating for the return of various regiments, and at the time agreements had been made with most of the commanders of the battle zones they were dedicated to. Agreements that had been broken, as it turned out.<br/>
<br/>
A series of complicated orders and counter-orders had resulted in the Jericho Reach absorbing a significant amount of strength out of the Eastern Fringe. Though Hive Fleet Dagon had been largely broken, the greenskins of the area left to follow their precious prophet, and the Tau retreated wholly to their own lines, there remained a significant amount of threat in the area. Apparently. What scant reports that Derosa had managed to acquire pointed to Necrons, of all things, being the main issue. Apparently there was an entire Dynasty within the Reach, one that was beginning to wake up faster and with more strength than the local commanders liked. Worse, the ongoing Achilus Crusade was threatening to break apart as a result of worlds within its lines being revealed as Tomb Worlds, with Necron strike forces cutting apart supply lines and fortified positions literally from within. There were even rumors of Dark Eldar taking advantage of the chaos.<br/>
<br/>
Because of course there was.<br/>
<br/>
Still, it was not all unfortunate news, only mostly.<br/>
<br/>
The 1st Meridian Consolidated, created with the best veterans of the Aurelian Crusades as their core, who had not yet lost a single battle since their founding, had managed to arrive alongside the 2nd and 3rd Regiments on-board a small detachment of Imperial Navy ships that subsequently left. While the greater majority of possible Meridian Regiments had failed to materialize, the three best equipped and most veteran of all said regiments had managed to make it. The 1st and 2nd had already deployed themselves onto Meridian proper, while the 3rd had been pushed to help in the potential defense of Calderis with some short negotiations between the Governors of those two worlds. These were no mere cowering Guardsmen, such as many of those that Gabriel and the Blood Ravens had seen before on many worlds. These had fought and survived tyranids, Chaos, greenskins, Eldar, and more. They might not have been the legendary Kasrkin of Cadia or increasingly well-known Kauravan Stormbreakers, but they were some of the best Guardsmen that Gabriel could judge having seen. And they would spend every moment they could building up their defensive positions and fortifications, an act and art that the Imperial Guard often excelled in.<br/>
<br/>
And so, the year of 75.M42 passed, with only more death and destruction on the horizon.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================================<br/>​</div>Aramus let out a tired sigh as his armor was removed, piece by piece, by the works of the servitors. Less than six months ago, one of the greatest Chaos Lords under the Despoiler had been slain. Yet you would not have known it, from the works of the enemy. Multiple enemies, now. Mad necrons, who he had never faced before, and yet now could count dozens of encounters under his belt. An endless tide of greenskins, better equipped and more cunning than any he had ever fought before. Tyranids, an enemy he was more familiar with, but nonetheless another complication that the Imperium could ill-afford. So it was that Nemesis Tessera had come under assault once more, and the <i>Retribution</i>, damaged as it was in fighting to slay the Lord Ravager and unable to do more than make for patchwork repairs, had departed the Cadian Sector proper to one of the branches of the Gate.<br/>
<br/>
The fighting had only grown worse, everywhere.<br/>
<br/>
For everyone.<br/>
<br/>
It would be weeks before his terminator armor was fit for battle again, he knew that much by now. For all that he was not a Tech-Marine, so many decades alongside Sarrelen had taught him more than he knew the Adeptus Mechanicus would likely feel comfortable with. But that didn't matter. Not at the moment. He was much more focused on the newest arrivals on the ship. A buzz of excitement flowed amongst the serfs, he knew, and even more than that amongst the other passengers of the ship not of the Blood Ravens. But for the nominal commanders of the vessel, there was far more complicated feelings. Embers of shame burned anew at their presence, slivers of fear that they would be found wanting once again.<br/>
<br/>
It felt like some kind of cosmic joke, if Aramus was honest with himself.<br/>
<br/>
How had it come to pass that the <i>Retribution</i> was the closest ship to the ruined hulk of the cruiser that had served as the ferry from Holy Terra, whose berths had been designated for the usage of none other than the Adeptus Cutsodes? That they had survived the ship's death was not a surprise, nor was it a surprise that the forces of Chaos had expended so much effort to try and kill them in the first place. Aramus didn't know why they had been in Nemesis Tessera in the first place, though he had his suspicions given that it was the main stronghold of the Inquisition in the Cadian Gate that he knew about. That everyone, at this point in the 13th Black Crusade, knew about. By now, it was most likely that the Inquisition had long removed their most potent and dangerous artifacts and lore from the location, but they had stubbornly held onto it as a gathering and mustering point thus far. Which, in turn, continued to make it a target.<br/>
<br/>
But none of that mattered now.<br/>
<br/>
The latest incursion from the Despoiler's forces had been repelled, albeit with casualties, and now all that remained was continual intermittent combat against various xeno forces at lesser strengths. Yet even that seemed potentially too much for the battered <i>Retribution</i>, even though Aramus was more than willing to make that most final of choices. At the moment, however, he didn't dare make that decision. Indeed, he didn't dare make any decision at all save to journey to the strategium of the strike cruiser, for despite his position as Force Commander of the ship, there was quite simply a higher authority now present that he could not bring himself to go against.<br/>
<br/>
So it was that he arrived in time to hear a garbled message being bleated out on the vox, badly translated as it was by a truly exhausted astropath.<br/>
<br/>
"This is Master Osmadiel of the Dark Angels to all righteous warriors of the Imperium, we require assistance at Caliban! Repeat, we-,"<br/>
<br/>
Aramus blinked at the words, his stride a half-stutter as the door closed behind him with a quiet thump. Every Blood Raven left amongst the Penitents save for Sarrelen was present, but none of them were near the actuality sphere itself. That position was reserved for another, who stood in near total stillness as he gazed upon the projected imagery of the solar system and the remaining Imperial elements within it.<br/>
<br/>
"The rest is garbled, cut off. What should we do? That is only one distress hymnal against many, especially compared to Cadia," Adrien Kogal grunted, his white armor blackened and still smoking in a few places.<br/>
<br/>
"Cadia has the Warmaster, Caliban has none. But...," Thaddeus cut himself off. "I..-"<br/>
<br/>
Auramite gleamed in the dim light of the strategium. Nemesis Tessera had been protected, again, but not without cost. That thought was never more apparent than now, as Aramus gazed upon the actuality sphere and saw just how many red marks there were, designating all a manner of Imperial assets that had been utterly lost. He was most focused upon the <i>Candle of Zeal</i>, or rather the mark showing where the tumbling hulk that had been the <i>Candle</i>. But that moment passed and his gaze slid down to where Shield-Captain Aristos stood, the Custodes not having turned about to look at anyone else since he had arrived.<br/>
<br/>
"We will go to Caliban, understood?" The Custodes finally announced, cutting through the quiet muttered argument between Adrien and Thaddeus with a single sentence.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus bowed his head.<br/>
<br/>
"Yes, Shield-Captain."<br/>
<br/>
None would gainsay a Shield-Captain of the Custodes publicly, at least none who wished to live another day. That did not mean that there were not indignant Inquisitors who disliked a potentially valuable strike cruiser leaving the area, or perhaps that they were not the ones speaking with the Custodes instead. It was both honor and curse, it seemed, for the Shield-Captain had not deigned to utilize a private vox channel when he had announced that the <i>Retribution</i> would become their newest ferry. While a number of ancient and incredibly potent strike craft and personnel transports had been lost with the destruction of the <i>Candle</i>, the wrecks and all of the Wargear that the Custodes wielded had been brought over to the <i>Retribution</i>, which in turn had quietly frustrated more than a few overeager members of the Mechanicus present. And, if Aramus was honest, likely many in the Inquisition as well. Even now, he could see more than a few icons representing Imperial ships covering the wreck of the <i>Candle</i>, likely hoping to scavenge something or other.<br/>
<br/>
And so they went.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================<br/>​</div>The state of the <i>Imperious Spear</i> was grievous, that was without question. The Dauntless-class Light Cruiser had been savaged by its travails in the Warp. A vast trio of canyons had been shorn into its hull, exposing much of the ship's inner decks to open void. Pockmarks that were in truth massive craters peppered the stern, while the engines flickered like a dying man's heartbeat. Something had taken the relatively powerful lance weaponry at the front of the ship and bent the barrels like string into a melted knot.<br/>
<br/>
The transmitted holo-cast danced and bulged, barely holding the connection.<br/>
<br/>
"Canoness Tenenbaum," Gabriel said softly, eyes wide as he beheld her.<br/>
<br/>
A harsh red puckered line marked a line across her face and head, evidence of something nearly bisecting her entire skull. Her left pauldron was fractured, impacted, broken from some massive amount of concentrated force. Grime and soot covered her and her armor, and faint lines of smoke could be seen behind her. What little could be seen of the ship's bridge looked in similar conditions. Gabriel could even see a pair of Sororitas hauling a limp sister out of frame.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master Angelos," the seething Sororitas hissed back, though it was not him that the anger seemed directed towards. "I see that the true fight has yet to begin. That is well. We require resupply."<br/>
<br/>
It was no idle statement, either. Gabriel could see another member of the Lost Rosetta in the background walking past with a heavy bolter that looked to have literally melted the barrel somewhat in a manner that he recognized. It was the sort of damage that he had only seen in weapons fired without pause or maintenance for far too long, to the point of emptying entire pallets of ammo in single battles. It was also badly dented in multiple places, with the exact same sort of patterns associated with heavy continual bludgeoning while wearing power armor. For all of that, the sister's eyes were not glazed over, nor were her pupils shrunken to pinpricks, nor blown out. She was, whoever she was, utterly and terribly stable. That much, Gabriel somehow knew in his very soul. Sane? That was another question entirely, and one with uncertain answers when it came to the particularly faithful.<br/>
<br/>
"Of course, we will do what we can. But what has happened to...," he trailed off meaningfully.<br/>
<br/>
Tenenbaum sneered and blew some air out of her mouth to shift some loose strands of hair out of her face.<br/>
<br/>
"According to Subsector Aurelia's chrono-hymnals, it has been a month since we departed Saintsfall," she snorted before hocking out a wad of blood and phlegm to the ground. "By <i>our</i> count and chronos, it has been a year since the Gellar field shut down."<br/>
<br/>
She bared a mouthful of bloody teeth at the Blood Raven Chapter Command.<br/>
<br/>
The Ecclesiarchy of Meridian were more than happy to host the incoming Sororitas, and after their most direly injured had been or were in the midst of being seen to, more was learned of the harrowing journey to get to the Subsector. Of a cult amongst the lower decks, of mutations amongst the officer cadre, of sabotage and daemons alike. Very little of the original crew remained, and those few that did still live had largely been driven insane. By necessity, the Sororitas could do little else but walk the uneasy bridge between the faith of the Adeptus Mechanicus and the Ecclesiarchy proper, between Omnissiah and God-Emperor, in order to keep the ship even vaguely functioning and pointed in the right direction. Things had only grown worse the closer they got, as time stretched on within the Immaterium, and yet for a wonder they had not been able to crush the sisters of the Lost Rosetta, not utterly.<br/>
<br/>
"I did not bring the whole of my Order, no," the Canoness declared after being taken out of the medically induced coma she had been forced into for a solid week. "The slaves of Ulkair have already begun their efforts, elsewhere in the Sector."<br/>
<br/>
It was the most unwelcome news yet. Astropathic communication in and out of the Subsector had been growing more garbled and slower lately, but the full scope of it was only now revealed. Raiders bearing the marks of Nurgle had begun probing across the entire Sector, small in number but impossible to ignore. The Sector's battle fleet was already weakened after the disastrous attacks on the Saharduin Swells and the losses taken in defeating Vandis, they were ill-prepared to repel even this comparatively minor issues at the moment. Worse, there had been cult uprisings across the Sector as well, many of them sworn to Nurgle, or more specifically Ulkair. Not all of them, curiously, but most, and so the Lost Rosetta had seen fit to deploy much of their strength across Korianis in an effort to suppress them. A victory elsewhere, after all, might well end up empowering Ulkair further. And that was something that simply could not be allowed.<br/>
<br/>
"But what I have delivered shall be enough," she had added, glaring about the medicae chamber to any and all who looked even slightly like they might contradict her.<br/>
<br/>
To be fair to the Canoness, a shockingly high amount of Sisters had survived the ordeal, but then perhaps it shouldn't have been that shocking. For the Canoness had taken her most veteran of sisters with her from her entire Order, from across each of the commands of her subordinate Canonesses. Already, they were spreading tales through their after-action reports to the local Ecclesiarchy authorities, of their faith manifesting itself with great potency while trapped within the Warp. These were, after all, Seraphim and Celestians, no mere young recruits. That was not to say that there had not been losses, of course. But whether it was the favor of the God-Emperor, the favor and fury of the Lost Rosetta, or simple luck, of the thousand veteran Sororitas who had journeyed to Subsector Aurelia, eight hundred would be rendered combat ready within the next few weeks.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================================<br/>​</div>The projected image over the actuality sphere accompanying the vox transmission was so thready and weak, all that could be seen of it was the vague shape of an astartes, a hood and cloak covering much of their armor.<br/>
<br/>
"My thanks, Commander, for your prompt arrival," Osmadiel said calmly.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus glanced at the Shield-Captain, only to frown and speak when the Shield-Captain remained silent.<br/>
<br/>
"…of course, Master Osmadiel. We are glad to provide support," he said after a moment. "We only need your precise location."<br/>
<br/>
"Transmitting now."<br/>
<br/>
Only now did Aristos move, but it was only for the Custodian to point a single finger in total silence at Sarrelen who had been commanded to the communications console.<br/>
<br/>
"…it is confirmed. These identification ciphers are very old, but they are correct. Coordinates inputted, Cap-…Commander?" The Tech-Marine stuttered only slightly as he tried to turn his head from Aristos to Aramus to make up for the near mistake.<br/>
<br/>
Old codes were unusual, especially in the Cadian Gate when potential infiltrations and false flags were abundant. Nowadays, codes and ciphers could change within the hour, let alone the day or month.<br/>
<br/>
"Duty has carried us far from the Rock, Commander. I would not expect most outsiders to comprehend the burden…but I have heard tales of the Penitent Blood Ravens. You, I suspect, would understand better than most."<br/>
<br/>
There was a weariness there, and old pains, but a profound respect that nearly knocked Aramus to his knees. He was saved, if perhaps that could be considered it, by the barely audible snort from Aristos. It would not have been caught on the vox where the Dark Angel could hear it, not unless the Shield-Captain had desired it so.<br/>
<br/>
"Perhaps I would. What is the foe we face here?"<br/>
<br/>
"A foe you may remember well, Commander Aramus," Osmadiel grunted as several images were sent across the vox channels, depicting horrid heaving bio-ships.<br/>
<br/>
"Tyranids," Aramus spat. "They seek to forge another corridor with which to plunge a Hive Tendril into the Cadian Gate!"<br/>
<br/>
"Indeed, and across much of the Eye from the attentions of the Despoiler or Warmaster," Osmadiel noted. "If left unchecked, they could despoil this Sector and spread further, perhaps to Scarus and Scelus, to Belial, perhaps further."<br/>
<br/>
"Then we must stop them, here and now."<br/>
<br/>
No more needed to be said than that, not until the <i>Retribution</i> arrived over a shattered world. One with a dark and terrible history, but one that was not the main target of the enemy by virtue of that same history. The tyranids could feast on most anything, but there was little the Hive Mind desired within the broken remains of Caliban. Nevertheless, it was there that they met the fleet of Osmadiel, and a remarkable fleet it was. Three strike cruisers sailed there in the void, each of them larger than the <i>Retribution</i>. These, Sarrelen would declare, were ancient ships indeed, especially given how heavily equipped their weapon compliments were, far in excess of most standard allowances for modern strike cruiser construction. Their flagship, a battle barge, was much the same for its own kind.<br/>
<br/>
"It hardly seems that you would need us at all," Aramus noted just as the first of the hive ships appeared on the auspex scans.<br/>
<br/>
"Another ship, another compliment of warriors, another ally, all valuable things in combat," Osmadiel countered good-naturedly.<br/>
<br/>
What followed was furious fighting indeed, but one that thankfully was without fatality. Casualties aplenty, yes, especially once the boarding began to strike the brains of the bio-ships, but none that were truly crippling. In two separate instances, Aramus even sighted the Dark Angels in the distance upon the larger Hive Ships, bolters booming and power swords flashing as they targeted the major organs within. Bio-plasma and living missile organisms evolved to chew through hull plating splattered on and smashed into the hulls of all five ships present, and while further repairs would be needed, none of the ships were too badly damaged. Indeed, the Dark Angels fought exceedingly well, deftly maneuvering their ships to allow void shields to regenerate, for crews to fight off boarders, presenting no weak points at all to the ravening hordes. They even incorporated the <i>Retribution</i> into their formation, allowing the battered ship the opportunity to contribute without risking itself overmuch.<br/>
<br/>
Yet the Custodes did not deploy themselves, only seeing to defending the ship on the rare occasion when tyranids breached the hull.<br/>
<br/>
Even so within a day it was done, the deed done far from most all eyes in the Cadian Gate, but one done in glory nonetheless.<br/>
<br/>
"You have my thanks, Commander," Osmadiel said as their dead masses of meat and chitin were steadily burned apart by careful weapon's fire. "The Hive Mind will not try again for some time, I am sure. Your aid was greatly welcomed here."<br/>
<br/>
"I…only-," Aramus began to speak before an Auramite-clad hand rose and cut him off.<br/>
<br/>
"Master Osmadiel," Aristos said abruptly.<br/>
<br/>
"…Who-,"<br/>
<br/>
"I am Shield-Captain Aristos of the Adeptus Custodes. You will power down your shields, and I will come aboard your vessel."<br/>
<br/>
There was a brief stunned silence.<br/>
<br/>
"You-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Do not waste my time with declaring me a liar. If you strike this ship down, there will be others. They will not be so patient, nor forgiving if you dared fire upon us."<br/>
<br/>
There was something in the air as Aristos spoke. A weight. A pressure. Not quite the same as in the presence of significant psychic power, or a powerful Sororitas manifesting their faith into reality, but it was most certainly something beyond most mortal measures of intent. Whatever it was, the shields on the battle barge did indeed lower less than a minute later. Aramus did not follow, none of the Blood Ravens did. Instead, the Custodes headed as one for the teleportarium, and transferred themselves as a Shield-Host over to the battle barge. Warily, Sarrelen watched to see if the Dark Angel ships would target them, would react in any way at all, but they simply hung in the void.<br/>
<br/>
Minutes passed.<br/>
<br/>
Then an hour.<br/>
<br/>
It would be three more before the Custodes returned, missing ten of their number. The ships of the Dark Angels would flare to life once more, turn as one, and immediately depart the battlefield without any further communications nor any aggressive moves towards the <i>Retribution</i>. The Shield-Captain, and his fellows, came back and returned to their original positions, with Aristos back on the Strategium. It was there that something within Aramus, well-suppressed, finally managed to bubble to the surface. A desire, a compulsion, weaker in him than in many in the Chapter, yet so tantalized that it could not fail to claw forth. He, quite simply, had to know.<br/>
<br/>
"What…what was that about?" He finally asked, voice half-strangled.<br/>
<br/>
Aristos glanced him up and down.<br/>
<br/>
"A possibility, given form," the Shield-Captain said after a moment. "Osmadiel was not of the Dark Angels as you know them. Not from any of their current companies."<br/>
<br/>
Aramus blinked.<br/>
<br/>
"What? I don't…I don't understand."<br/>
<br/>
The sigh that escaped the Custodes was like a blow to the chest, so potent was the disappointment.<br/>
<br/>
"All that matters is that he, and they, are loyal to the Imperium. Now. Take the ship to Mordax Prime so it can be fully repaired so we can attend to the battlefield properly."<br/>
<br/>
There would be many more questions, but none given voice, not that day. The conversation was quite clearly over. It would not be revisited once they reached the Forge World, nor in the weeks of hard fighting afterward. The Blood Ravens would fight alongside the Custodes, or more properly happened to be on the same battlefield as them, skirting around the sides as the Custodes went about their mysterious work. They did not fight in accordance with the battleplan of any general, any admiral, and simply did as they wished. The <i>Retribution</i>, and those who journeyed upon it, were simply caught up in the wake of the legends that had essentially put reins around their throats. At times, they fought to bring down enemy commanders. At others, they struck enemy bases. Depots. Boarded ships and left them sundered in the void. Often they targeted the xenos, not the forces of Chaos, but instead found themselves combatting necrons, greenskins, and tyranids, sometimes all three in the same day.<br/>
<br/>
And yet, a month after the ship's full repair at Mordax Prime, they were commanded by Aristos back to the planet Cadia for a most unsettling meeting.<br/>
<br/>
The most profound thing was the quiet.<br/>
<br/>
Cadia was, for the most part, loud. Everywhere. All the time. There had not been a spare moment, a single spare <i>second</i>, that there was not a gun being fired, a blade swinging through the air, a cannon booming, a tank rumbling, and more somewhere on the planet's surface. The most cerebral of Khorne's servants and the most maudlin of Administratum adepts would both agree, if either were unfortunate enough to be in each other's presence, that there were higher gallons of blood spilled per moment statistically on Cadia than all but a handful of worlds within the galaxy. Screams of bloodlust. Screams of victory. Of righteous contempt. Of horror. Of pain. These were joined with the rhythmic and off-tempo thunder brought about by so many different artillery groups. Titans and Mega-Gargants and Bio-Titans strode across the surface, exchanging fire with each other and with entire armies. Entire Legios had come to Cadia, entire Legios had fallen on Cadia. Whole Knightly Houses, espousing either the Dark Gods or the God-Emperor, had done the same. Millions of metric tons of flesh and metal had been blasted, burnt, shot, exploded, melted, evaporated, sundered from reality itself, and yet more and more came to the world to join in the fighting.<br/>
<br/>
Even in the most secure locations, there was noise. Fortified hospitals filled with the moans of the pained and dying, the shouting and whispering both of medicae staff, the hum and click of machines and servitors going about their own tireless work. Command bases were much the same, as officers shouted at one another, as quartermasters tore hair out and growled with peers and superiors both. Altars both plated in gold with pure white candles and those of twisted black metal and twitching sacrificed innocents were hunched over by the proud and desperate both. Adepts of the Mechanicus, both based at Mars and the Eye of Terror, constantly chanted in binary over their sacred machines. Snorting, chortling, smoking greenskin meks smacked and beat at their own creations with wrenches and screwdrivers. The tyranids, of course, were ever in motion, a chittering chitinous ocean that flowed across the world. Even the Necrons, normally so unnervingly quiet, were atypical to many of their kind. For these were the maddened Flayed Ones, as well as those who retained some measure of themselves even as the curse advanced through their memory engrams. Such gave rise to hideous alien shrieks as they demanded flesh, skin, their lives, their <i>souls</i> back from the C'tan who had long ago devoured such things.<br/>
<br/>
It was, therefore, all the more disturbing for such a quiet to fall.<br/>
<br/>
The forwardmost bastion of the Imperium on Cadia, the latest of its command centers, the absolute - and literally - bleeding edge of the war effort, should not have been so quiet. The lines of the enemy, the great enemy, was literally within viewing distance by the most mundane of mortal eyes. Potshots were, even now, being taken across more than a hundred miles of trench lines between cultists of Chaos and the ten latest Death Korps of Krieg regiments. If one could consider it potshots when tens of thousands of rounds were being exchanged every half hour.<br/>
<br/>
It was was here, where the Warmaster herself led the war effort, where dozens of generals and their staffs were organizing the war across Cadia and the Cadian System, that there should never have been silence.<br/>
<br/>
And yet there was.<br/>
<br/>
It was a silence that was heralded by the most unsettling of feelings. The flesh prickled along the scalp and neck. The stomach dropped. A chill crept along the spine. Both of his hearts began to speed up, pulsing, as if battle was upon him, even though he knew it wasn't. Everyone in the strategium oriented, as one, towards the doors as the feeling grew worse and worse. The blazing light that emanated from within and around both the Warmaster and the Champion began to glow brighter, true, but almost as if it were defensive in nature. Like pressure increasing to compensate, came the whisper from the analytical part of his mind.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Fist and Celestian Sororitas that guarded the door visibly shuddered as they turned towards the doors when they opened.<br/>
<br/>
On the other side stood two Custodes, neither of whom Aramus did not recognize from those who had been aboard the <i>Retribution</i> for the past months. That alone brought several hearts to a temporary stuttering stop, at least in many of the officers of the Imperial Guard and a number of the Sororitas present. But the Custodes did not speak, and instead advanced several steps into the strategium before turning out slightly to reveal those behind them.<br/>
<br/>
And these...were <i>not</i> Custodes.<br/>
<br/>
Not at all.<br/>
<br/>
That creeping dread, the roiling unease, that faint mounting disgust, all of it threw itself at Aramus like a physical weight that almost staggered him.<br/>
<br/>
On the other side of the doors, numbering but thirteen, was the source of it all. Their power armor was a strange, shimmering grey and silver, of such masterful make that it put many such suits present to shame, save perhaps for the armor of the Custodes themselves. All of them bore concealing helms, strange two-handed blades that clung to their backs, and deadly looking bolters and knives. Though they did not crane their necks back and forth, it was impossible to not recognize the sheer otherworldly weight of their gazes as they swept the room. Especially as Aramus felt the weight leave him, somewhat, as whichever of the strange arrivals that had glanced at him looked away.<br/>
<br/>
"<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Custodes</b></span>," the Warmaster declared, the blazing beacons that were her eyes flaring as she spoke. "<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>And so, these servants of the Emperor, too, have come to the crucible.</b></span><b>"</b><br/>
<br/>
"Indeed," one of the Custodes said as he gave the slightest of nods. "The Captain-General has held to his promise."<br/>
<br/>
He half-turned and gestured to the new arrivals.<br/>
<br/>
"Knight-Centura Yukio and her most senior Oblivion Knights. There are others, but these are the first to arrive."<br/>
<br/>
<b>"<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>So be it."</b></span></b><br/>
<br/>
Then, in an act that made Aramus' skin crawl and bones itch, the Warmaster turned towards <i>him</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<b>"<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Aramus the Penitent. Kinslayer. Hero and Doom of Blood Ravens</b></span>,</b>" she declared.<br/>
<br/>
It felt like every single molecule that made up his being was being forced through the finest sieve, each resulting fragmented grain being examined one by one simultaneously.<br/>
<br/>
"Warmaster," he bowed his head, unable to manage any further words and finding some small measure in relief in not having to look her in the eyes.<br/>
<br/>
<b>"<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>You wish to die. You wish to live. You do not know which you desire more. You will decide before your reach your next destination. Your ship will transport the Oblivion Knights and Custodes</b></span></b>."<br/>
<br/>
"Of course, Warmaster. Where…where shall we go?"<br/>
<br/>
A hand placed itself atop his head, and it felt like a burning sun being pressed against his flesh, yet it did not burn him.<br/>
<br/>
<b>"<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Where else?</b></span>" </b>There was a dry note to her voice, as well as the faintest bemusement. "<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>To slay a daemon</b></span>.</b>"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>=========================================================================</b><br/>​</div>They were only a few days out from their destination.<br/>
<br/>
Possibly their final destination.<br/>
<br/>
Apothecary Adrian Kogal slowly exhaled a puff of smoke from around the Lho-Stub between his teeth. Today, he stood dressed in nothing more than an off-white short-sleeved robe to garb his body, cinched at the waist with a simple rope cord. Which, in turn, did little to disguise his heavily muscled frame and the bulging yet sleek bionics which had replaced three of his limbs. It was with his right hand, the only hand he had still made of flesh and bone, that he drew the Lho-Stub out of his mouth and exhaled another cloud of smoke just to the left of the only other occupant of the Apothecarium for the moment.<br/>
<br/>
"You're sure about this?" He asked, voice a graveyard's rumble.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus nodded, face drawn tight with a determined grimace.<br/>
<br/>
"I am."<br/>
<br/>
Adrian pursed his lips and puffed on the Lho-Stub again.<br/>
<br/>
"I only ask, because when you had me do the work all those years ago-,"<br/>
<br/>
"I am aware, Adrian," Aramus shook his head. "Circumstances have...changed."<br/>
<br/>
The Apothecary sharply exhaled through his nose, not quite a snort. Aramus wrinkled his nose as the smoke continued to fill the air before the air recycling kicked in again to waft it away.<br/>
<br/>
"Must you 'honor the Lord-Castellan' in here, now, of all times?"<br/>
<br/>
Adrian shrugged minutely.<br/>
<br/>
"Firstly, it's my Apothecarium," he declared. "Secondly, I won't dismiss the gratitude of those Catachans. Thirdly, it's not like the smoke can harm either of us. Fourth,'" he jabbed the Lho-Stub at Aramus. "You bade me to never accept such a request. No matter what."<br/>
<br/>
"I am aware."<br/>
<br/>
"Had a whole speech and everything about it. About honor and penance and so on."<br/>
<br/>
Aramus sighed again. Adrian Kogal had been one of the quietest Blood Ravens in the entire Penitent Crusade save for the one among their number who had sworn an outright Path of Silence. But somewhere in the past many decades, nearly a century now, that had been ground away to be replaced by a surly ill-tempered battle brother who partook in the same Lho-Stubs as Creed himself and carried a missile launcher and plasma gun into battle. Who had regularly leapt into the medicae tents of Imperial Guard and Sororitas detachments wherever they had been fighting, startling and saving in equal measure. He had been on the receiving end of stares by other Apothecaries hundreds of times at this point. For all of that, there was no Apothecary that Aramus could trust more.<br/>
<br/>
"I know. But with what we are about to do..." Aramus trailed off, looking down at his naked and scarred body.<br/>
<br/>
It was a gruesome tapestry, there was no denying that. Wounds remained that on most other Marines would have healed long ago. Scars from weapons mundane and monstrous covered him, lurid and terrible ones that had barely faded joining the latest additions. He clenched his left fist, the masterwork bionics whirring and clicking down the length of the artificial arm.<br/>
<br/>
"My own self-loathing and failures cannot be allowed to harm our chances for success. Not this time." Aramus looked back up at Adrian with a glare that seemed to burn through the Apothecary. "I have no right, none at all."<br/>
<br/>
Adrian clucked his tongue and popped the Lho-Stub back in, rolling it in his teeth before puffing out some more smoke.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well."<br/>
<br/>
Aramus blinked before he let himself be shoved to a supine position.<br/>
<br/>
"So you'll do it?" He asked, surprised in spite of himself.<br/>
<br/>
"Of course, I was always going to," Adrian snorted. "Been waiting for you to ask."<br/>
<br/>
"What?! But-,"<br/>
<br/>
Adrian clicked his fingers, causing the medical servitor to inject several doses of tranquilizing and painkilling solutions directly into Aramus' neck. The Force Commander jolted but was already rapidly approaching unconsciousness.<br/>
<br/>
"This whole blasted Crusade, before we even got to Cadia, you made me put you to sleep," Adrian's voice was already growing distant. "Dampening glands, inducing dormancy to organs, bare minimum healing, so on."<br/>
<br/>
There was another series of injections into Aramus' chest, all while the sound of saws and drills spinning up filled the air.<br/>
<br/>
"Been waiting for you to ask me to wake you up again, Commander. Thaddeus has been doing his best, but I'd prefer <i>two</i> Heroes of Typhon than one."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================​</div><br/>
New astropathic reports only arrived long after the Lost Rosetta and scant Meridian Regiments did. The Sector was indeed under assault, multiple probing raids being performed as far as the sector's heart, though none of the ships were ever larger than light cruisers in tonnage. But even a smaller escort ship could cause untold damage to a planetary surface if it was allowed to use its weapons without interruption. Picket ships and system monitors were marshalled, pushing back and forth, while the ravaged Battlefleet Korianis did its best to repel such invaders. But these were things already known, just now with more detail. They came, these reports, amidst further astropathic communications near simultaneously through the curdling Immaterium surrounding Subsector Aurelia. The news, as ever in the seemingly ever-darkening day of the modern Imperium, was full of grim tidings.<br/>
<br/>
In Segmentum Ultima, the 3rd Tyrannic War has finally spilled past the Realm of Ultramar. The Sons of Guilliman and their allies have purchased a most pyrrhic of victories. Too stalwart, too strong, too mighty, they have rebuffed the Hive Mind time and again. The alien fiends have found the Realm too strong for them to consume, at least as swiftly as they need to, and so tendrils and splinters have begun to flood past the unbroken lines to worlds left without. Deathwatch, ever more short-staffed and desperate, have been doing their best, but the valiant defense of Ultramar cannot so easily stretch and support these disparate other territories. Imperial forces throughout the Eastern Fringe are being called upon in great number to try and stem the tide that has managed to skirt around the utter dam that was and is Ultramar.<br/>
<br/>
In Segmentum Pacificus, there have come rumors of a rabid expansion by a new xenos threat. Or, perhaps depending on one's knowledge, an old one. Wearied severely after the Night of One Thousand Rebellions, further depleted by forces called to holy crusade under the Warmaster Saint, the threadbare strength of the Imperium within Pacificus has been strained yet further. A xenos race, known as the Q'orl Swarmhood have begun rapidly expanding their territory into the Segmentum, overwhelming whole Sectors in their initial assaults. This Swarmhood possesses not only considerable numbers comparable to other insectoid species and most uncomfortably like the tyranids, they also possess notably advanced technologies of their own with only Warp-engines and the like previously having been apart from their technological base. This has evidently changed, with whole fleets of Q'orl dropping out of the Warp over Imperial worlds.<br/>
<br/>
In Segmentum Tempestus, the Maynarkh Dynasty has continued to expand their territory. Three more Forge Worlds have been revealed as Tomb Worlds, all signs of existence of the Mechanicus upon them wiped out entirely, as well as a handful of other Imperial Worlds and some uninhabited planets as well. The total loss of the Orpheus and the Eurydice Sectors have been declared by the High Lords, with desperate efforts being put up to try and prevent further expansion into the nearby Argosa Sector. An effort which has been hamstrung both by the fact that the Imperial Navy cannot seem to even begin to challenge the Necron fleets with anything less than three to one numerical superiority and that another world within the Argosa Sector proved itself to be a Tomb World which has begun reactivating. Many, including the White Scars and Raven Guard, have been called upon to defend what may prove to be the greatest threat in the entire Segmentum if left to further grow its strength.<br/>
<br/>
There are myriad threats elsewhere of course, but non so great as Armageddon in Solar and the 13th Black Crusade in Obscurus.<br/>
<br/>
War continues to rage, as ever, in a darkness set aflame.<br/>
<br/>
And yet these reports only serve to magnify what comes next, for the Blood Ravens cannot even begin to do their duty to the rest of the Imperium before they do their duty to their home.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================​</div><br/>
It was not 'like' he had been deaf and blind before now. He quite literally <i>had</i> been deafening and blinding himself. His pain-dampening glands had been reactivated, and yet that barrier to the world made him feel all the more alive for it. The aches, the pains, scar tissue build-up, all of it carved and scoured from him. It was, if anything, as if he had been reborn again. Those of his organs that had been dormant now thrummed and pulsed in him, his being rejuvenated not just in body but in spirit. There was something completely and utterly freeing about what he was doing, here and now. In this ruined, wrecked ruin of a world, there was a peace in him he had scarcely imagined only a month ago that he could possess.<br/>
<br/>
So high above as to be but a bright spot in the sky, the <i>Retribution</i> was trailing fire from a trio of near-mortal wounds, and was utterly surrounded by screeching tyranids, mostly obscured by clouds of ash and chitin. The Thunderhawks had been utilized to deliver their most precious occupants to the world below, as close as possible to their targets. Several had been shot down, and so the auxiliaries had been sent to seek them out and secure them. The drop pods had been emptied out, some as transports themselves, some as weapons. They were not alone, either. A company of the White Scars had come. Two companies of the Iron Hands. An entire Ordo Minoris of the Adeptas Sororitas, three hundred in number. Over a thousand space marines from various other Chapters. Three regiments of Catachan, another five of Elysian Drop Troops. It was these larger threats, ferried on more notable and larger ships, that had been targeted first and foremost by the twisted possessed tyranids who clung to the world and by the true Hive Mind that had come to enact retribution on the thief who had stolen the former. That the <i>Retribution</i> had gotten as close as it had yet had not yet been fully brought down was a testament to the skill of the Tech-Priests who even now desperately worked to keep it flying.<br/>
<br/>
But none of that mattered right now.<br/>
<br/>
They had, all of them, space marines and sisters of battle and guardsmen and skitarii, plunged into a true hellscape. Nothing of human habitation and existence remained anymore upon the ruined world. All was less than rubble, was dust, replaced solely by mountains of dead and rivers of alien ichor. Vast swathes, stretching out like grasping tendrils, had been transformed utterly into conduits into the Immaterium itself. Citadels of brass and blood-red metals forged out of hatred and fury sprouted up in these warped territories, and from them poured the daemonic hordes of Khorne. They, in turn, crashed and slammed into the swirling tides of tyranids, both the mindless puppets of the Lord of Shadows and the innumerable extensions of the Hive Mind, who in turn assaulted each other with just as much alien savagery. There was no quarter given, none even possibly imagined by any of the three great combatants who shook the planet down to its core with their fighting. The introduction of the Imperials into the planetary slaughterhouse had done nothing more than offer up different targets.<br/>
<br/>
All strove now to reach a blood-filled caldera atop an unnatural mountain range, one forged both of billions upon billions of dead tyranids and the hellish protrusions of the Blood God's realm into the Materium. The Hive Mind had found the culprit it wished to examine and destroy. The inherent connection of Khorne's servants to warfare, bloodshed, and violence, all drew them forth without any other order required from higher minds within the hierarchy of those who served the Skull Throne. The First-Damned refused to surrender, not when he had come so close after so many years languishing. The Imperium could not allow any other victor other than themselves, but that was in truth simply an extension of their purpose and policy since their founding.<br/>
<br/>
It was a slog, not just against the armies that thrashed about against one another, but from the very world itself. Subiaco Diablo was halfway to becoming a true Daemon World, slipping ever further into the embrace of the Blood God's realm. Subiaco Diablo was halfway to being devoured, punctured across its surface by gargantuan feeding tendrils skewering the world to feed the Hive Ships above. It shook, it trembled, it spewed blood and lava from chasms and crevices. Some geological, formed of cracking continental plates, others from fissures in crimson granite-flesh as the world's screams became that much more disturbingly human discounting the deafening volume.<br/>
<br/>
But still they pushed on. They had to, or this would all be for nothing. All of the dead, their sacrifices rendered meaningless.<br/>
<br/>
A titanic explosion from within the caldera nearly ended Aramus almost immediately after he thought that, his terminator armor stumbling and bowled over by the shockwave which followed. It was a thing of searing cold, a bow wave which spread for miles and miles around. He watched, stupefied, as the armor's readouts registered near absolute zero, thick layers of frost bursting into being across not just himself but everything around. His armor groaned with the effort it took to move once more, and the landscape itself had transformed from a dying world of heat and burning blood into one of frost and stillness. It did not last of course, but thick sheets of unnatural ice coated all things even as they began to move once more. Churning blood geysers began to push out frozen solid columns of blood from fleshy orifices. While tens of thousands of the closer tyranids had been so swiftly and powerfully affected by the cold as to die outright, there were a vast number more that continued to advance uncaring of said deaths. A great many daemons of Khorne were destroyed by the aftermath of what had just occurred, wiped back into the Immataerium as jumbled Warp essence. An entire regiment of Elysian Drop Troops was dead in the air, thousands upon thousands of thin needle-like spikes of ice marking their airborne graves. And yet they could not help but continue on, pushing through the slush and dead once more, the newborn tundra becoming a churning swamp of brass, chitin, and blood. Fully half of the tyranids they saw either collapsed, dead immediately, or else began to decay at impossible speeds. Only the greatest of their bio-forms, such as bio-titans, tyrants, hive guard, and the like managed to remain upright, and yet soon enough a horrid yet familiar intelligence began to spark and spread in their eyes once more.<br/>
<br/>
"Come on!" Aramus yelled, hefting his thunder hammer high.<br/>
<br/>
They reached the lip of the caldera and beheld but two things.<br/>
<br/>
War.<br/>
<br/>
And despair.<br/>
<br/>
It was the latter that Aramus had scarcely felt in his life before, even at the worst of times. But the sight of Custodians, scattered about the Caldera, blood seeping from grievous wounds hacked into their no longer gleaming armor, shook him to his core. From beside him, Thaddeus let loose a ragged gasp, a sound echoed by the rest of the Blood Ravens, even Nereus. Their weapons lay covered in layers of ice and bodies alike, while daemons of Khorne cavorted over the weapons and their wielders. So, too, could the epicenter of the explosion be seen, a crater within the caldera, an afterimage flash from the destruction of Bel'akor's body and banishment of his essence. Even now, the afterimage flickered while decaying further and further, for now still showing the outrage and fury on the Daemon Prince's face as he was struck down.<br/>
<br/>
The victor, even now, stood, snarling chain-axes held high to the sky. A multitude of bloodspattered cords ran and dangled from the scalp, one of the horns destroyed from some blow or another. Thick slabs of plate wept otherworldly essence from a number of heavy wounds, including one in the gut that had clearly pierced entirely through the torso. Many of the wounds bled heavily, dripping corrosive ichor upon the caldera floor, yet others were already beginning to heal as alien blood strewn across the battlefield began to swirl and creep in to fill them. One of the great wings was broken in multiple places, the other flapped still, buffeting crimson winds with every movement. The Daemon Primarch Angron, Fallen Son of the Emperor, roared his victory over Bel'akor for the universe to hear. He did not even glance at the arrival of the Blood Ravens or the handful of other Imperials who had managed to ascend the mountain with them.<br/>
<br/>
And why would he?<br/>
<br/>
For before him was much more enticing prey – none other than Shield-Captain Aristos, whose spear was cleft in twain and bolter was a stamped plate of metal. His legs had been twisted about, reversed, nearly torn off of his body entirely, with small craters around showing where he had been picked up and slammed back down again with absolute force and violence. Heavy gouges were evident across his torso and arms, blows that would have propelled any number of mere astartes far past the borders of death. Still, the Custodes struggle to lift himself with his sole remaining functioning limb, unsheathing a crackling knife in his belt that he weakly raised upwards. It was a feat repeated across the caldera, broken and scattered Custodes fighting on, despite what should have been mortal wounds, nevertheless staving off death just that little bit longer despite being surrounded by daemons. Tyranids, too, were pouring in all the while, targeting daemon and Custodes both.<br/>
<br/>
Only one order could suffice for the Blood Ravens, one action that could be taken when confronted by such heartbreaking horror, such a morale-shattering sight.<br/>
<br/>
"ATTACK!"<br/>
<br/>
Sarrelen, slowest of them all while dragging his customized generator trailer behind them all, pushed to the fore, grunted once, and then unleashed himself. Two blinding spears of light hurled from his lascannons directly into Angron's face, while the combi-multi-meltas shot into the lines of daemons between them. Nereus fired off a round handed to him months ago by a member of the Deathwatch, a strange piece of xeno-archeotech of black metal and crackling green energies. Kogal fired up a charged shot from the <i>Final Absolution of Caliban</i>, a sphere of deadly plasma rocketing forwards. All of which impacted the Daemon Primarch, axes still raised high, a heavy cloud of dust and ash filling the air. The few remaining sororitas and other astartes began firing at the daemons of Khorne, desperately attempting to defend the remaining Custodes.<br/>
<br/>
Thaddeus Rex took the air.<br/>
<br/>
His jump pack screaming, pushed beyond all safety limits, he flew hard and fast forwards as the smoke just began to lift. From his left hip, haphazardly tied with combat webbing, he tore free a missile launcher that unleashed not just a krak missile but two melta charges crudely attached with adhesive. From his right hip, he pulled free his bolter pistol and began to unleash a torrent of advanced flux-core bolter rounds, the rare ammo a gift from the Mechanicus adepts of Mordax Prime. <i>Growling Hate</i> leapt to the instant he laid his hand on it and raised it up, all the while Thaddeus shouted a wordless cry as he hurled himself forwards.<br/>
<br/>
Only for the smoke to not lift but be banished outright as a thunderclap rang out, a secondary shockwave effect brought about from a single absentminded blow. The <i>Coronet of Honor</i>, forged under the eyes of Azariah Vidya himself, shorted and melted as it was instantaneously overwhelmed. His relatively advanced MK-VIII power armor was parted and torn, and all could watch as the sheer concussive force of what struck him solidly in the midsection broke the jump pack he wore. Meat and organ and bone were churned and scattered, and Thaddeus Rex was bent almost in half as almost everything between his front and his spinal cord was removed, the white glistening bone visible amidst the viscera as he was thrown aside to land in a crumpled heap.<br/>
<br/>
The Daemon Primarch had not looked away from the Shield-Captain, and only the most eagle-eyed of the astartes present were able to tell that he had even moved one of his axes at all.<br/>
<br/>
"Adrien!" Aramus shouted before he half-knelt, a hand going to the forehead of his armor. "Get to him!"<br/>
<br/>
"Aramus, don't! You heard what-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Go!" He shouted before rapidly murmuring a benediction to his war gear.<br/>
<br/>
He could not run there in time. Not in this armor. Not in these conditions, where the ground bulged and split open, where daemons and tyranids aplenty tread.<br/>
<br/>
There was only one choice before him.<br/>
<br/>
"Emperor guide me," he murmured as a crack opened up in the Warp and swallowed him whole.<br/>
<br/>
To travel through the Warp was, at the best of times, a transit through a living hell. To do so here, on this world, was not the best of times. Aramus screamed, the noise unbidden, as he was buffeted by forces beyond his ken yet not necessarily beyond his hatred and contempt, felt the sound of waves crashing against cliffsides of bone, of billions of tumbling skulls falling from every direction towards a single centered point. A force mirroring gravity, yet infinitely darker, actively malicious in its purpose and desires, yet a force of un-reality all the same. All of this, he felt, he saw, he heard, rattling and shaken about as he plunged forward. Worst of all was not that distant crushing weight, like twin white stars erupting in infinity, but the towering inferno ahead of him. One that saw him coming all the same, and so Aramus raised his hammer and shield to meet the death that he approached.<br/>
<br/>
The moment the teleportation completed they were torn from his grip so fast that his fingers were nearly broken from the sheer force of it.<br/>
<br/>
Not grabbed, no, but simply knocked aside and out of his hands with sheer force from a single sweep the Daemon Primarch's left axe. The shield was a shattered mess that was sent flying past the lip of the caldera, the hammer a splintered broken pile of nothing. Something so massive, so bulky, should never have moved so swiftly, and yet it was done and over without a single heartbeat. There were no words exchanged, only hate and rage made utterly manifest as Angron opened his slavering maw and roared. The heat and sound which emerged over his knife-length fangs spilled out and forward, striking Aramus in his entire body. The Blood Raven found himself driven backwards and down into the volcanic soil, his armor enveloped utterly as if he were plunged into the heart of a star, nearly blinded outright to the point that his eyes within his sockets almost felt like they had begun to boil, as if every fluid in his body was set alight to nearly becoming steam inside of him. Something in his ears popped, and suddenly much of the world faded away. But not all of it. Not the scream of the daemon, which pierced past the physical and the organic directly into the soul into the soul itself. Even simply being this close, on sheer presence and closeness, the ceramite plate he wore was being heated beyond its capacity.<br/>
<br/>
His venerable terminator armor was <i>melting</i> beneath the rage of Angron.<br/>
<br/>
<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)"><b>"A wretch dares to defend His dogs?! THEN YOU WILL DIE WITH HIM!"</b></span><br/>
<br/>
Each word another body blow, a sonic cannon's burst.<br/>
<br/>
And yet.<br/>
<br/>
Mostly blinded, largely deafened, aflame in failing armor with his weapons obliterated, Aramus inhaled as deeply as his lungs could manage and did the only thing he could.<br/>
<br/>
That which duty demanded and instinct supported.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
===================================================================​</div><br/>
Upon the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, an astropath was screaming, face contorting and reddened from the effort of receiving the message. Several other astropaths were gathered at their sides, and various librarians had joined as well. Justinius himself was present, crackling with psychic energy as he chanted in tandem with the others. He paused, but only for a moment, as Gabriel and the rest of the Chapter Command arrived. It had been ongoing for several minutes already, and even those without psychic abilities could tell that much effort was being made purely to keep the astropath alive as the message sought to outright burn through him.<br/>
<br/>
"What is happening?" Gabriel said quickly.<br/>
<br/>
A gesture from Justinius had one of the lesser astropaths toddle over, face dripping with sweat down a comparatively young face.<br/>
<br/>
"A false…well perhaps," she stammered for a moment. "It carried the correct signatures and litanies of authority and identity, but the moment it was accepted it…," she gestured at the elder astropath as he grit his teeth. "A deadly trick, it seems, played upon us."<br/>
<br/>
The straining astropath tilted his head back, veins pulsing in his neck, and opened his mouth. Blood and phlegm flew out of his mouth as his throat was shredded by otherworldly forces.<br/>
<br/>
"BLOOD…RAVENS…"<br/>
<br/>
It was killing the astropath to speak it, but the voice was unmistakably that of the Chaos Lord Mortirex.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================================​</div><br/>
Bones fractured, and in some cases had broken outright. Melting ceramite was compressed, with rivulets of it splattering about like putty. Stone and chitin beneath was cratered and smashed. A wave of sheer heat and force rippled outwards and bowled over daemons, astartes, sororitas, and tyranids alike. The ash and smoke from weapons fire and daemonic flames had been banished once more, allowing all with a mind and ability to see the result, there in the direct center of the caldera. The dissolving afterimage of Bel'akor's defeat had faded away entirely, and all the astral ice and frost left behind from his banishment had most definitely melted away entirely, with what little steam had resulted similarly removed. Violence still abounded, but so too was there utter surprise on many a face.<br/>
<br/>
For there, Aramus of the Blood Ravens stood still, both arms outstretched. One hand each was clasped around the haft of a gigantic chain-axe, two enormous crimson hands opposite them. The axes whirred, snarled, almost heaved with nonexistent lungs, their forever blood-hungry teeth snapping and biting at the air. A few of them had tasted melting ceramite, and were even now scattering chips of pauldrons into the air. His arms shook, his entire body trembled with effort, and it was there he stood with two small craters around his feet.<br/>
<br/>
Angron sneered and spat before pushing down harder, driving the axes down against Aramus and towards the weakly moving Shield-Captain behind and beneath him. The Daemon Primarch's strength grew further still as the slaughter continued across the planet against the aliens, as the fight within the caldera continued to rage, and Aramus was driven further down. Soon, within seconds, he was not simply trembling in place with effort, but practically vibrating as every part of him strained. Soon, the axes began to creep downwards, cutting further and further into his armor.<br/>
<br/>
Until something firmed in Aramus and their progress was halted once more. Perhaps it was some of his broken bones shifting and settling in place. Perhaps the Machine Spirit of his armor had found some hidden reserve. Perhaps it was something else altogether. All that was certain at the time however was that to the growing infinite fury of Angron, once more the Blood Raven defied him and held the axes in place.<br/>
<br/>
At which point Angron lowered his head and distended his jaw so that he could bite down at Aramus, ripping and tearing away the front of his helmet and much of the upper armor. Deep, burning, incandescently glowing ruin was left behind. Aramus, for his part could not scream, even as one of those hideous fangs grazed his face and nearly slew him outright. No, he could barely make any noise at all, so tightly grit were his teeth. It was not merely the heat which was reddening his skin across his entire body, but the strain, the effort. Blood and melted ceramite dribbled down Angron's chin, his baleful eyes blazing down at the defiant loyalist before him. The Lord of the Red Sands then simply began to push harder, tapping further into realms of strength beyond mundane reality. It would be recorded that first the upper back, then the shoulders, and finally the arms of Angron began to swell like balloons of flesh. They would swell and then all that ex nihilo mass would shift rapidly forward down towards Angron's hands forming a pair of blunt pile drivers daemonic fury, all in less than a second. This, finally, forced a quiet grunted breath from Aramus as the twin impacts slammed into him like artillery strikes. Armor and bone fractured once more, myomer and muscle tore, cables and ligaments ripped, and Aramus was forced further downwards, his knees beginning to bend.<br/>
<br/>
Then Angron did so seven more times in rapid succession.<br/>
<br/>
Teeth cracked. Joints were flattened. Phalanges were turned to powder in places. The solid plate of bone protecting his torso broke apart. Knees and elbows bent further and further. By the time the impacts stopped, Aramus was a solid two feet deeper than he'd begun, one knee a scant inch away from hitting the dirt and stone. All around the fighting was continuing, and in fact from beyond the bloodied tunnel that was Aramus' vision someone had begun firing on Angron directly from somewhere. Not that Aramus could hear any of it. He had truly gone deaf, and yet could perfectly hear every snarl, every whirl of a daemon's blade, every clink and rattle across Angron's frame. He was mostly blind, but could still somehow see as Angron leaned forward again, maw opening to end him.<br/>
<br/>
Duty held but one course. One instinct demanded.<br/>
<br/>
Defiance against the dark.<br/>
<br/>
And so Aramus, neck nearly tearing off with the effort, firmed his grip an iota further, drew himself upright and forward with the axes and body of the Daemon Primarch as an anchor, and squarely headbutted Angron in his nose. The glowing remains of his terminator armor only helped, smashing against that much larger face and leaving droplets of molten ceramite behind.<br/>
<br/>
Angron did not move, even as Aramus sagged back downwards. Several daemons had turned to look, even though it caused them to be cut down. Somewhere, a Blood Raven was shouting. The tyranids in the caldera were all but slain, and there was a pounding of power armor in the distance.<br/>
But Aramus could not hear it, could not perceive anything but the face of Angron. The infinite fury had faded, if only momentarily to be replaced with something almost vestigial in the Daemon Primarch's emotional arsenal: befuddlement. But then that was swallowed up by anger once more.<br/>
<br/>
<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">"</span><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">You...you dare?"</span></b><br/>
<br/>
Aramus, face tight and crimson, blood trickling down his nose and from his eyes, ears, and mouth, hauled himself upright...and headbutted Angron again. Angron's hooves did not move, but he reared his head back and let loose a cruel and incredulous laugh, cables sparking and scraping across his back. Then his entire body seemed to become suffused by sheer bloody weight as Angron forced his being and presence downward once more. What had seemed a mountain before was now but a puff of air compared to what Angron brought to bear now. This time, Aramus felt his pelvis and femurs crack apart, spilling marrow and blood within his armor. In that moment, it was but the armor holding Aramus up rather than anything else, the melting metal solidified into shape by sheer force. Organs throughout his body were nearly destroyed by the concussive force.<br/>
<br/>
There, in the caldera, Aramus finally went limp as he was brought low after everything, bloodshot eyes still open. A bellowed scream echoed out from somewhere. Angron and many of his daemonic legion laughed as one, the petty defiance finally dealt with. Others had turned to fight new arrivals, only to be cut down themselves. The Lord of the Red Sands chortled in pleasure, the noise charnel and horrid to the ear, and lifted his axes to the sky once more so that he could properly claim the skulls of the Custodes. He paused, however, as he lifted his axes up, and stared at the limp red and black form that still clutched at them. Higher went the axes, and higher the body went.<br/>
<br/>
Angron's eyes narrowed, then widened, for his ears and senses were more than enough to perceive the Larraman's Organ within the Blood Raven suddenly and superlatively activating. The faint dying sparks of brain activity erupted into a momentary lightning storm which rapidly normalized. In front of everyone at the caldera, and perhaps some beyond, Aramus of the Blood Ravens drew in a bloodied, ragged breath into squashed lungs and subsequently tightened his grip further with broken hands so that he could drag himself forwards to slam his entire upper body into Angron's face once more before his eyes had even refocused or blinked.<br/>
<br/>
Angron's left hoof shifted backwards infinitesimally.<br/>
<br/>
"<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">What</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">...<b>?</b>"</span><br/>
<br/>
Blood and snot trickled down Aramus' broken face, chips of teeth spilling out from his split and burnt lips and broken jaw. A wet, determined gurgle escaped him as he drew himself forwards again, every part of his being screaming in pain. His battered hearts had been forced to beat once more after failing, and beat they did, squeezing blood out through compressed and crushed veins. This time, the impact was properly heard, for all that it was a muted thing compared to the fighting going on across the planet.<br/>
<br/>
Angron's right hoof slid an inch, his wings twitching as if to make a beat before stilling. The Daemon Primarch's features twisted as he roared once more, but this time Aramus leaned into the otherworldly heat as he smashed himself into Angron again, cutting the roar off again. The Lord of the Red Sands shook his axes with hurricane strength, but Aramus clung still. To the axes, to his duty, to life itself, he doggedly clung. His grasp was beyond a death grip. It was a grasp of the duty laid down by the Emperor, and that precluded all things.<br/>
<br/>
Death included.<br/>
<br/>
Again. Again. <i>Again</i>.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus threw his last weapon, his body, his spirit, again and again into Angron's face.<br/>
<br/>
Rage ruled Angron, but surprise and outrage welled to the fore as well with each blow.<br/>
<br/>
But more importantly, he was being, inch by impossible inch, pushed away from the fallen Shield-Captain. His wings had to beat to keep him forwards, his hooves dug into the stone and carved channels into it. Only then did Angron realize what had truly changed. No mere Astartes could do this. And that remained true still. But what Angron could sense was the mobile stillness that had been missed amongst the Tyranids, daemons, and loyalists. The blots of silence that had steadily ground up the slope of the mountain. That were now, this very instant, cresting the lip of the caldera.<br/>
<br/>
The Sisters of Silence did not pause in their sprinting as they arrived, either. Beneath their feet, the Warp recoiled, was repulsed, was removed. Daemons raised their blades in one second and disappeared in the next as the Oblivion Knights passed them by. Tainted, screaming blood and mud was reduced to mundane volcanic ash. Onwards they came, and onwards they ran, and all the while Aramus, blind and deaf, continued his assault.<br/>
<br/>
Every impact was louder and louder than before. A quiet crash, to a loud pact, to a thunderous slam. Peals of thunder rang out as melted ceramite and determined mortal struck the Daemon Primarch again and again. Angron stepped back, his wings beating harder to keep himself upright, his strength fleeing exponentially with every step the Sisters of Silence came closer, while the strength of Aramus was maintained by a will and strength all his own. A dozen of the Sisters flung silently crackling blades that flew straight and true, each puncturing Angron down to the hilt and drawing forth screams of true pain. The daemon flailed. He roared. But he could not dislodge, could not remove Aramus, until finally it was Angron's head snapping backwards as Aramus continued to attack him with his own head.<br/>
<br/>
Again. Again. Again.<br/>
<br/>
The few remaining bloodletters wailed in foreign despair as Angron was knocked onto is back by the growling, gurgling Blood Raven with one more titanic headbutt. Then the Sisters were there, three hundred of them. Their most powerful were towards the front, and so they plunged enormous two handed blades into the fallen Angron, reaching out and accepting the blades of their sisters. Seconds passed as Angron was filled with blades, surrounded by the nulls, his whole being fading away until it became a barely present outline of red shadow and cold burning stars.<br/>
<br/>
"<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">This</span>..."<br/>
<br/>
There was no explosion. Not even a muted pop. Aramus headbutted the foe one last time, metaphysical integrity failed, and abruptly he was falling the last several feet to the ground below to land on his already broken face. On all sides stood the Sisters of Silence, blinking as one. Beyond them stood the few surviving astartes and sororitas.<br/>
<br/>
"OUT OF THE WAY!" Adrien Kogal roared.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================<br/>​</div><b>"I know now where you huddle. Where you hide! But worry not - Ulkair has given me a gift to right the wrongs, to fulfill a debt of death!</b>"<br/>
<br/>
The astropath was dying every moment he was forced to transmit the message. The Chaos Lord's voice was weaker, very much so, but it remained his voice all the same. He could not possibly have regained his powers in totality, not so soon. But he had, all knew, escaped upon a ship.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>This...Trontiux...shall provide a fine sacrifice to the Dark Gods! The poor wretched dogs have left their larder unguarded</b>!"<br/>
<br/>
There were no audible shouts of disbelief. All knew what was being threatened. What was being implied. The Chapter had lost much, and now Mortirex threatened one of their remaining Recruiting Worlds. Not only that either, Gabriel realized immediately. The Knights of Trontiux had departed as well.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Face me and defend them! Or flee, and let them die. Either way, there shall be a death debt paid!</b>"<br/>
<br/>
A final laugh came through the message before the astropath collapsed in a seizure. Justinius frowned as he walked over to the rest of the Chapter Command.<br/>
<br/>
"The Tarot and our own rituals have borne out the same message, brothers," the Chief Librarian said tiredly. "The Warp is curdling, churning, as Ulkair grows stronger. Travel and messages are slowing ever more. Within a few more months..."<br/>
<br/>
"What are you saying, Justinius," Apollo growled.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel only sighed, for he had already realized the problem.<br/>
<br/>
"Any ships we send to defend Trontiux will not be able to return in time, whether we or the daemon is victorious," Justinius shook his head. "We can send a message to Sector Command, but when and whether they will respond given the chaos spreading across the Sector..."<br/>
<br/>
"He seeks to weaken us further, before his own slaves even arrive," Cyrus growled.<br/>
<br/>
"And yet, to leave a Recruiting World undefended...," Nero murmured.<br/>
<br/>
All eyes turned to Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Choose</u>:<br/>
<i>Either way, a message will be sent to Sector Command. Moratorium for 6 hours. Furthermore, the Knights of Trontiux have sworn oaths on their honor and names and legacies to defeat Ulkair here and now. They cannot depart the system before the battle is won or at least fought, by the words of their High King. The Lost Rosetta are not under Chapter authority, and you aren't telling Canoness Superior Tenenbaum to leave when UIkair is here. The Meridian Regiments are here to fight for Meridian and Subsector Aurelia, they aren't leaving either. Meridian is THEIR Homeworld and sole Recruiting World. Blood Ravens are being sent, or no one is. The Scarlet Lions specifically came here to fight Ulkair as well, but it is possible that they could be convinced to somehow abandon the main fight and their close allies, for they recognize the importance of a Recruiting World. However, if forces <u>are </u>sent, it could have dire consequences for Subsector Aurelia if the servants of Ulkair prove too strong. </i><br/>
<br/>
[] Send Aid to Trontiux [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>
[] Do Not, and Bear the Burden On Thy Souls Forevermore<br/>
<br/>
<b>Added Allies</b><br/>
Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum of the Lost Rosetta<br/>
600 Elite Celestian Sororitas of the Lost Rosetta<br/>
200 Elite Seraphim Sororitas of the Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
1st Meridian Consolidated [Elite Heavy Infantry/Mechanized Regiment]<br/>
2nd Meridian Consolidated [Elite Heavy Infantry/Mechanized Regiment]<br/>
3rd Meridian Consolidated [Elite Artillery Regiment]</div>
  </body>
</html>