<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 40 Results - 2489.5 - Part 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 40 Results - 2489.5 - Part 4</h2>
After minutes that felt like hours crawl by without any indication of any sort of penetration attempt through the puckered wound in reality, you exhale and take a moment to gather your thoughts. Reality, you know, is hardy. If damage inflicted hung around indefinitely, there'd already be nothing left of it. Only the most horrifically grievous of injuries can be kept open indefinitely, and even that with continuous upkeep from one side or another, and without that upkeep or with any lesser injury reality is able to 'heal' over time. In this place, far above the bustle of life that attracts so many Winds and close to the Karak-Waystones that keeps ambient magic levels low, the damage you have inflicted is no worse than might be inflicted by a particularly exuberant miscast, which this structure was specifically placed and built to be able to withstand. So at the very least, you haven't actually blasted a Daemonic breach behind the Karak's defences, no matter what your undesired interlocutor implied.

With that matter settled, you self-consciously straighten your hat as you consider the rest of the Daemon's words. That an Everchosen might be on the horizon is certainly alarming, but the Empire has never been safe from the possibility of a new one striding out of the wastes, and those with sense knew from the moment Asavar Kul fell that it was only a matter of time until another arrived. There's already been something of a ramping-up of readiness in response to increased cultist activity. The candidates that were specified... well it comes as no surprise that Alberich Haupt-Anderssen was in the running, and that does add context to his attempt to ingratiate himself to the Chaos Gods with a ritual of dedication, so that can be treated with no more than the regular amount of suspicion any words connected to the Plotter receive. What you know of Drycha does indicate there's little she wouldn't resort to in her insane quest for vengeance. Alric... well, at this point you're almost tempted to say that Chaos is welcome to him, and in any case, his claws are so thoroughly blunted by repeated failures to reburnish his good name that the risk he would pose is not significantly higher than any Black Magister.

But Egrimm...

You frown and sigh. You're supposed to doubt him, and then wonder if your doubt is what the Daemon actually intended, and then begin to treat Egrimm with an infuriatingly inconsistent mistrust, right? That's how this dance goes, isn't it? Well, nuts to that. If he was on the path to resentment-induced heresy, then the cure is for you to continue treating him as you've already been treating him: as a highly-skilled Wizard deserving of respect and acknowledgement. And if he isn't, then there's no reason to worry about it.

And then there's you. Well, you don't particularly feel like being an Everchosen just because a living embodiment of lies and trickery tells you that you could do good with it, especially at the cost of burning every bridge you have and with absolutely no benefits or support up front. Morality aside, that offer is just insulting. Even the Druchii have done better. So though there's a part of your mind that does find the thought experiment intriguing - you flex your fingers and remember how much easier it was to exert your will with just a few ambient wisps of Tzeentchian energies - the feathery buggers are going to have to really up their game if they think they're going to sway you.

So if you ignore the names that were so heavily dropped, where does that leave you? You're certainly not going to be able to command any sort of mobilization effort based on 'a Lord of Change told me', but you can add the information in more general form to the greater intelligence apparatus, which will be accumulating bits and pieces like that and will, eventually, reach the point where the omens are unmistakeable and the Empire - hopefully - will get its ducks in a row before half of Kislev is aflame. And if it turns out to be nothing - there's nothing to say that an Everchosen will always attack the Old World, and several theorists in the field believe that Naggaroth and Cathay have received the brunt of at least a couple - then those armies can go and proactively stamp out a few nascent lesser threats. There's always something out there that could use a taste of steel and gunpowder.

As for the original experiment, while the objective was failed, and is unlikely to succeed unless you can find a sturdier reality to test it in, the results you did get are intriguing. On a theoretical level, that the Winds will, in as perfect a vacuum as can be devised, create a facsimile of reality blows a gaping hole in what was believed about their fundamental nature. As you were theorizing before you were so rudely interrupted, accepted wisdom says that reality exerts a sort of... reverse taint upon the energies of Chaos, which can be dislodged by extended distortion, reexposure to corruptive energies, or forced blending of different forms of Winds. Under this theory, Vitae that is made to detonate while equidistant to reality and unreality would never have been exposed to the taint of reality and so would form a copy of the Aethyr that birthed them. Or, if reality suffused one side of the barrier while unreality suffused the other... either a regular transformation into Winds, or an immediate curdling into Dhar, you suppose. But such suffusion is unlikely in your labs, isolated from both the density of life and emotion that attracts the Winds, and from the magical energies that bring closer the realm of Chaos. So for the Vitae to become Winds and then for the Winds to become reality means that reality is being imposed upon the Winds by something other than reality.

You remember Cython theorizing about the similarity in nature between Gods and Winds, and wonder if it was more correct than it knew. Is this a product of divinity? Do the Gods collectively impose a sort of combined pastiche of their domains onto the world, creating forms of energy not connected with any of them individually but that does uphold the form of life that, in turn, sustains the Gods? Or is there some sort of hidden pantheon of God-Winds that are omnipresent throughout this world, so that the energies of the Aethyr that enter it are as under their command, just as the energies of the Aethyr around the conventional Gods becomes the divine energy with which miracles are worked? Or some other, stranger possibility?

As for the results, well, the birthing of a pocket dimension is exciting news, and one thing you look for in a pocket dimension is the clear absence of Daemons, so you've hit a stumbling block right from the gate. But as a pocket of the liminal realm is by definition closer to the Aethyr than reality is, this cannot be a unique problem, and as you spent a decade of your life within a pocket dimension without ever being overrun by Daemons, it's one that must have a solution. Perhaps one not yet known to the Colleges, as Collegiate forays into the field are so far tenuous and prone to spontaneously extruding themselves, but you've always considered Collegiate knowledge more of a starting point than an ending one.

Soothed by the comforting familiarity of magical theorizing, you've gathered the willpower to turn to the main topic at hand: disclosure. Though you've determined that you haven't actually exposed the Karak to any more danger than they had accepted when they gave you a home in it, most Dwarves would agree that courtesy dictates that you report the presence of a Greater Daemon inside a Karak, or the wounding of the barrier between said Karak and the realm of Daemons. Likewise, the Grey Order likes to be kept abreast of this sort of thing so they know to be on the lookout for any sudden penchant for feathers and coloured flames. But the price of those admissions would be an erosion of trust and repute that you have spent thirty years building. Perhaps not an irreversible one, but you already have a lot of demands on your time without having to reassure your allies of your reliability, and if your Collegiate and Dwarven contributors to the Waystone Project - currently the staunchest members - were to suddenly have reason to distance themselves, that could bring the entire Project into jeopardy. And as for the 'Everchosen' part... you have no idea what the procedure would be if a Wizard tells their superiors that they're in the running to be the next Asavar Kul. You'd like to think that the words of a Tzeentchian Daemon would be automatically disregarded, but the death or imprisonment of a single Wizard, even a Lady Magister, would be a ludicrously cheap price to pay to avert another Great War. And part of you knows you could do a better job of things than a mere upjumped steppe warlord if you put your mind to it. If it weren't yourself that would be on a chopping block, you're not entirely sure you wouldn't come down on the side of averting the risk.

Report to Belegar:
[ ] [BELEGAR] Nothing
[ ] [BELEGAR] Greater Daemon
[ ] [BELEGAR] Weakening of reality
[ ] [BELEGAR] Daemon and weakening

Report to College:
[ ] [COLLEGE] Nothing
[ ] [COLLEGE] Incoming Everchosen
[ ] [COLLEGE] Everchosen and Greater Daemon
[ ] [COLLEGE] Everchosen, Daemon, and Mathilde's candidacy



- There will be a two hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>