<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part One)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part One)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><i>GM Note: 2 Hour Moratorium</i><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Start Of Turn Stuff</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">100 Gene-Seed Test-Slaves Complete Growth, Harvesting Yields 2 Gene-Seed Each, +200 Gene-Seed To Total, now 618.<br/>
10% Gene-Seed Tithe Enacted By Mechanicus. Gene-Seed Total Reduced To 557.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
Only a day after the newest techmarines of the Blood Ravens returned from Mars and the latest Tithing of Gene-Seed taken away on the departing Mechanicus ships, the docking bay of the <i>Omnis</i> was host to an Inquisitorial retinue once more, and just as the last time it was not a welcome thing. While the Blood Ravens had been aiding in the near total extermination of the Suysh race, the Ordo Malleus had scoured Subsector Aurelia, such as it was. Even the burned worlds of Typhon and Cyrene had felt the Inquisition’s boot upon their surface, the latter especially. Gabriel’s twin hearts, one of which was bionic, both beat with shame at that fact. Cyrene had, after all, been where Kyras had done his most vile rituals, had nearly ascended to complete daemonhood, only to be struck down by those few who had remained loyal. Inquisitor Toth had returned, his perpetually grim countenance magnified by what he had discovered, a full on grimace to his face now. Just as the last time, a pair of Grey Knights had accompanied him.<br/>
<br/>
It still pained Gabriel to know that their bond had been so thoroughly severed by Kyras, and likely would pain Thule as well if the dreadnought were conscious. It did not help that some of the Grey Knights that had accompanied Boreale had fallen not to the forces of Chaos but to greenskins.<br/>
<br/>
“Your suspicions were correct, Angelos,” Inquisitor Toth grunted as he glanced about the docking bay. “Though there have not been any direct daemonic manifestations, this daemon’s influence is growing nonetheless.”<br/>
<br/>
Hope may have been the first step on the road to disappointment, but the confirmation still cast a pall over the assembled battle brothers.<br/>
<br/>
“The seals were broken by the Black Legion,” Justinius replied, rubbing at his chin, “Ulkair was weakened when he was banished back within. Should he grow sufficiently powerful enough, he may well emerge once more.”<br/>
<br/>
Toth nodded, his grimace increasing in scope.<br/>
<br/>
“I agree. Furthermore, I suspect that the planet itself is serving as an anchor, for all that it is also his prison.”<br/>
<br/>
“But to destroy it completely could free him instantly,” Justinius was quick to say, his eyes wide.<br/>
<br/>
“I am aware,” Toth said with a raised eyebrow. “Simply because this subsector had felt the touch of Exterminatus twice does not mean that I am as eager to use it, Librarian.”<br/>
<br/>
Many of the Blood Ravens present wore helms, but their frowns could still be felt.<br/>
<br/>
“So what do you suggest, Inquisitor?” Gabriel spoke up, looming in his terminator armor. “The people of Meridian have suffered from the daemon’s machinations, as well as those that would ally themselves with it before, but they have resisted it as well.”<br/>
<br/>
Toth’s gaze shifted towards his one-time ally, his grimace disappearing as his expression became unreadable.<br/>
<br/>
“That is not your judgement to make, but the Inquisition's,” he said ominously, ignoring how the Blood Ravens shifted about at his word. “However,” he exhaled sharply through his nose, “It has not reached such a point, merely affecting the lowest of menials. The Ordo Malleus shall remain within the Subsector to see what may or must be done, and shall continue to combat the daemons’ influence.”<br/>
<br/>
He folded his arms behind his back once more, having forgone bearing weapons beyond the plasma pistol on his belt.<br/>
<br/>
“However, this will not last forever, Blood Ravens. This daemon is slowly regaining strength, and I do not doubt that we shall face it again, sooner than we would like.”<br/>
<br/>
Sooner, of course, being any time whatsoever. A Greater Daemon, even at its weakest, was one of the deadliest threats in the entire galaxy.<br/>
<br/>
“When we must face Ulkair again, can we count on the Ordo Malleus to aid us?” Gabriel asked after the ensuing silence.<br/>
<br/>
Toth snorted.<br/>
<br/>
“We shall see what aid may come,” he said with a shrug before a curious look came upon his face. It passed so quickly that Gabriel was not even entirely sure that he’d seen it. “For now, I shall leave a number of my Interrogators within the Subsector to continue the fight. I am called elsewhere.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel blinked his remaining biological eye. It was a remarkable allotment of effort at all, though he doubted that the actual number of Interrogators, strength of their retinues, or the like would ever be offered. On the other hand, it was a confirmed Greater Daemon, and as such the Ordo Malleus would likely take no chances. There was definite worry that Meridian might have been consigned to the fire, but so long as its people openly resisted such things hopefully the fires of Exterminatus would not reach them. Derosa as well seemed more than able enough as a Governor, and it would be a shame for the Imperium to be deprived of her services.<br/>
<br/>
“Our thanks to the Inquisition then, for aiding us in this matter.”<br/>
<br/>
Toth narrowed his eyes and sniffed.<br/>
<br/>
“A daemon such as this cannot, will not, be ignored. But should its influence grow too strong…,” he trailed off.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel just nodded. The warning was received.<br/>
<br/>
“As an aside, I have heard that you may have found Vandis,” Toth noted with alarming casualness. “Good luck, but beware. If he so easily aligned his troops with the Black Legion in the past, he may have significant force to bear.”<br/>
<br/>
“How did…,” Apollo spoke up, startled.<br/>
<br/>
“Christina spread her net far and wide,” Toth looked at him with eyebrows still raised. “Your actions against the Suysh earned you that much from her. Die well, Blood Ravens,” he then began marching away into his waiting dropship.<br/>
<br/>
The Grey Knights followed after him, but not before a long searching look at the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
“That went about as well as could be expected,” Captain Cyrus noted after the ship had left.<br/>
<br/>
“I disagree,” Justinius shook his head, “His tidings were dire enough. Though we do have a rare thing which may be of use to us.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh?” The sardonic Captain of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company looked up at the slightly taller Chief Librarian. “A blade hanging over our heads to push us on?”<br/>
<br/>
“No,” Justinius frowned down at him before looking back out at the void beyond the shielding of the docking bay. “Time. We know that Ulkair is attempting to regain his strength, to escape Aurelia. We have warning, this time, we know where and how, just not precisely when.”<br/>
<br/>
“I agree with Justinus,” Gabriel nodded. “Rare is it that we can prepare for a daemon’s machinations, rather than desperately pursue them after they have already begun the final stages of their infernal plans.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus just looked between the two, almost repulsed by their hope and determination.<br/>
<br/>
“If you say so,” he huffed before peeling away and heading towards the thunderhawk that would transport him back to the fleet of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
“Cyrus!” Gabriel called after him, causing the marine to turn about slightly. “Razor Squad’s members are being promoted, Sergeant Ankit asks that we send him replacements.”<br/>
<br/>
“I’ll have them picked out by the end of the day, Chapter Master. By your leave?”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel nodded.<br/>
<br/>
Both knew that Razor Squad’s efforts on Meridian had already been of great use in combatting the slowly growing numbers of cultists there. What had begun as a point of prestige for Derosa had become a significant boon to the Governor’s efforts to protect her planet. There was no chance of the Blood Ravens recalling Razor Squad, not when their work had abruptly become that much more important to keep the opinion of the Ordo Malleus away from turning to their most exacting and permanent of solutions.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Razor Squad’s Scouts Promoted, +9 Battle Brothers Awaiting Assignment to total, now 44. 9 Scouts 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage seconded to Razor Squad, now 121 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage Scouts in 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. 3 Techmarines Returned From Mars, Having Completed Training. Ordo Malleus remains with Subsector Aurelia, Grey Knight going to attempt something to help reinforce Aurelia seals of Ulkair, unknown numbers of Interrogators now in Subsector tracking and suppressing Ulkair influence. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================​</div><br/>
“In the end,” Macharius winces as Chief Apothecary Nero stabs him particularly hard with a needle full of revitalizing chemicals before he folded the skin and flesh back in place to begin stitching. “Obasi proved himself a most able combatant.”<br/>
<br/>
“So it seems,” Gabriel chuckled as he looked down at his wounded Brother-Captain.<br/>
<br/>
It was not an unexpected result, in the end. Unable to decide, Macharius Sicarius had elected to pull his entire depleted company into a tournament, both to forge stronger bonds of brotherhood after their casualties in the fighting as well as to declare a Chapter Champion. Also unexpected was that both Brother Jordis and Brother Obasi had proven themselves again, both being the final duelists in the tournament. It was a close thing between the two, going by the pict-recordings, but in the end, Obasi had triumphed and was faced with the final fight of the night against his Captain. Despite being exhausted and wounded by his fight with Jordis, Obasi had managed to defeat Macharius as well. A heady feat.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Jordis was wholly amicable about his loss as well,” Macharius continued, jolting slightly as Nero’s injectors finished their work.<br/>
<br/>
Some days, it seemed like the Chief Apothecary’s manner had grown even more taciturn than before. It made it only the more jarring that he was barely past a century in age, yet still cowed marines many centuries his elder.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh?”<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, Chapter Master. If he continues on as he is, I’d even consider him as a possible captain,” Macharius winced as he stood up from the bed, rolling his shoulders as he did so. “He is a superb fighter, yes, but I find that his true skill is in leadership.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh?” Gabriel tilted his head. “Truly?”<br/>
<br/>
“Truly,” Macharius nodded as the two began walking out of the apothecarium, “He is mentor not only to his squad, but to younger sergeants as well. When Cyrus wishes to throw his scouts against more seasoned marines to blunt their pride, Jordis is one of those most often on tap…usually because he helps pick them back up and instruct them on why they failed.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel could not help the smile at that, for such genuine brotherhood was a welcome balm to the still bleeding wounds in the Chapter’s heart.<br/>
<br/>
“Chief Apothecary!” A desperate cry came from down the hallway, and both Gabriel and Captain Macharius stood aside as a bevy of Chaplains came rushing down the hallway, carrying a groaning Hannibal Palrun on their shoulders as a still living reliquary. “Help! We were training and Master Palrun was-,”<br/>
<br/>
A noise of tearing metal interrupted them, and both Chapter Master and Captain both glanced back into the apothecarium. Nero had torn a metal tray apart in his hands, medical tools on it scattered onto the floor, leaving the fragments on the ground. The young chief apothecary’s hands clutched at the frame of one of the beds in the room, the faintest noise of stressed metal audible as his grip ground into them. The chaplains, somehow, did not seem to notice as they almost threw Hannibal into the bed that Nero was grasping.<br/>
<br/>
“I’m fine,” the profusely bleeding Hannibal protested, “The gravitic field only vaporized some of my-,”<br/>
<br/>
Whatever else he had to say was cut off as the doors to the apothecarium closed.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel and Macharius shared a look before simultaneously nodding and splitting apart to go their separate ways.<br/>
<br/>
<b>2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Champion Selected By Macharius (and rolls): Brother Obasi</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
“Brother-Captain Tarkus,” Gabriel greeted warmly. “We are glad to see you return safely.”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus saluted before relaxing and nodding with a grin.<br/>
<br/>
“It is good to be back amongst our brothers once more, Chapter Master Angelos,” he replied.<br/>
<br/>
Around him, the rest of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company was busy receiving similarly cheerful greetings from many fellow battle brothers. Tarkus had detached from the mass and headed straight towards his peers in the Chapter, but none would gainsay the fellowship and bonds of brotherhood on display behind him. The bolters of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had been sorely missed against the Suysh, but had certainly still seen use. Just as all had suspected, the Eldar had come to Zerann to try and stop the Mechanicus from their study efforts. It was unfortunate that they had run directly into a prepared defense force, and despite apparently incredibly effective psychic massing, harlequins, cloaked infiltrators, and a significant fleet of corsairs and the like, the Eldar had nevertheless been defeated. The 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company would fight alongside the forces of the Imperial Navy and Mechanicus in the defense, but Tarkus himself would accomplish a significant deed himself. Past experiences against the Eldar served him well, and so it was he who saved the life of Fabricator-General Phokas, the ruler of Zerann, when communications were temporarily severed during the battle to Phokas’ flagship. Rather than accepting it as a momentary failure from battle damage, as many tech priests asserted, Tarkus and his command squad teleported aboard the vessel to fight off an assassination squad which had nearly slain the Fabricator-General. Doing so could have thrown the Forge World into chaos, as well as kill the one who had masterminded the study in the first place, whose memory banks stored all which had been discovered and not yet disseminated.<br/>
<br/>
Furthermore, the study had been deemed a success. Long had the holo-fields of the xenos confounded Imperial auspex systems and the like, but according to the tech priests of Zerann their study would improve targeting against Eldar vessels by a statistically significant amount. In the future, it might well be the Eldar who would be shocked and surprised as their vaunted defense systems were defeated by the Omnissiah’s blessings. Though it would be quite some time for such improvements to be rolled out across the Imperium, if ever going by conservative tech priests might see it as blasphemy to alter their systems too significantly, the ships of Zerann were not so confined. Neither would the ships of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company either, as it turned out, no the rest of the Blood Ravens. With the secrets of Zerann’s study completed, they had seen fit to give those secrets over to the Blood Ravens to utilize should they come up against Eldar ships ever again in the future.<br/>
<br/>
Yet that was a reward for helping protect the study and planet as a matter of course. For saving the life of the Fabricator-General of Zerann, the primary Forge World of the entire Sector, there was another.<br/>
<br/>
Said reward was visible through the docking bay shielding, accompanying the fleet of the rest of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
“So…,” Gabriel led, eyes upon it.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus cleared his throat as he turned to regard it as well.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah, yes,” he nodded. “The Fabricator-General said that we should be the ones to give it its name.”<br/>
<br/>
The new strike cruiser almost seemed to gleam in the light of the stars.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Eldar Ship Study Complete! Eldar attack on Zerann successfully defended against, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company significantly aided in defense. Tarkus personally saves Fabricator-General Phokas.<br/>
Immediate Results: <br/>
- Improved targeting against Eldar holo-field defenses. <br/>
- Improved relations with Imperial Navy of Korianis Sector/Phokas/Basilikon Astra<br/>
- For saving his life, Phokas gives a reward: +1 Strike Cruiser to 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet (Unnamed) with full Thunderhawk Compliment and upgraded Forge i.e. +75 BP/Turn.<br/>
- 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company no longer assigned to Zerann Guarding Effort. 5 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company become Veterans.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
The ships arrived without fanfare, but immense gravity. Rare were the ships that were dedicated solely to the use of the Astra Telepathica, none were without great importance. Escorted by five separate Lunar-class cruisers, the transport ship at the center of the formation burned with psychic light that even the lexicani could see from within the Librarium. The reply from the Astra Telepathica had been curt, and carried with it something implicit. A demand, in fact, one writ in blood by one of the most powerful living Imperials in the entire galaxy, whose authority was utterly undeniable. The pacts sworn between the Blood Ravens and the Astra Telepathica were written and signed long ago, long before the current Master or any current living Blood Ravens had been in service. Yet both were compelled by that ancient compact. What was granted to the Blood Ravens, delivered by a dour and immensely powerful Alpha Psyker, was valuable enough, of course.<br/>
<br/>
Eleven young subjects, precisely at the perfect age for implantation, had been given over. Genetically pure and utterly compatible with the gene-seed of the Blood Ravens, all of whom were noted for their likely future psychic potency. Minds scrubbed so thoroughly as to be empty vessels ready to be Blood Ravens in every aspect, every form, of their existence. Likely meant to be seconded to other, more prominent chapters or other services throughout the Imperium, but instead given over to a barely living Chapter. This had, evidently enough, irked the current Master of the Adeptus Astra Telepathica, enough that the delivery had come with a writ, a wafer of psycho-reactive material that broadcast his words into the minds of those who held it. There was a price for their request, though obviously there would have to be one in any case. One did not simply make a demand of a High Lord, no matter what.<br/>
<br/>
The service in question was unspecified, for now, but it would hang over the heads of the Blood Ravens for some time yet.<br/>
<br/>
Time would tell if it was worth it.<br/>
<br/>
<b>- Due To Omake, 11 Extremely High Quality Psyker Aspirants Ready For Immediate Implantation To Become Lexicani in the Librarium. It is assured that they will prove quite capable should they survive the implantation process and further psychic studies. <br/>
- Asking the Astra Telepathica for recruits has a price! One Unshakeable, Unavoidable Favor For the Astra Telepathica Logged!</b><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
In a void between solar systems, yet still within the light of the Astronomicon, the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> waited patiently. Opposite to them, a squadron of cruisers bearing the symbols of the Inquisition maintained position. A single, if significant, data package was exchanged. No other communication occurred, and the moment the package was confirmed to be received, the ships dipped back into the warp almost immediately on to their next task. The <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> was quick to leave as well, heading towards Subsector Aurelia where much of the Chapter still remained. As it went, the leadership of the Blood Ravens assembled in an auxiliary tactical room connected to the greater strategium. Here, powerful cogitators assembled reports deemed worthy of being seen by the Chapter Master and his Captains, information collated from the various bouncing messages that flew from one end of the galaxy to another. The Deathwatch featured prominently, as did their various campaigns. With much of the Imperium’s strength concentrated against the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade and other such fights of extreme magnitude, the perfidious xenos continued to take advantage.<br/>
<br/>
Yet none of the Blood Ravens focused much upon that, not even the one amongst their number who had once been a part of said Deathwatch.<br/>
<br/>
Instead, they all gazed upon the coordinates and replicated data packages on another matter entirely.<br/>
<br/>
“System 384A,” Gabriel tasted the name even as he marveled at its significance.<br/>
<br/>
“Vandis,” Tarkus growled.<br/>
<br/>
It had been Tarkus who had discovered the stolen relics of the Chapter, amongst them the terminator armor known as the Aegis of Hurios. Alas, that same returned relic was taken by the Honor Guard later on, then destroyed in the fighting of the civil war. All the while, the rage had simmered that such a man would dare hoard such things as trophies.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed,” Martellus growled as well, his anger at the mistreatment of holy wargear palpable. “According to the information that Inquisitor Tarquindil has given us, this system was deemed extremely low priority for colonization due to the gravitational anomalies that surround it.”<br/>
<br/>
“What sort of anomalies?” Gabriel looked at him.<br/>
<br/>
“Bends in space that appear unnatural, almost as if scarred into the fabric of space-time, possibly by some ancient xenos weapon. In any case, this…gravity reef…,” Martellus continued, fingers tugging at the holo-lith to display the anomalies in question, “Will tear apart any ship that does not maneuver in precisely the right manner to enter it, regardless of what dimension or angle of approach they would otherwise desire.”<br/>
<br/>
A flick of his fingers sent holographic ‘ships’ towards the reef, only for them to be torn to shreds instantaneously.<br/>
<br/>
“It is little wonder that Vandis fled here,” Martellus shook his head, “It is almost impossible to enter, if one does not know the way.”<br/>
<br/>
“And there is a way?” Gabriel questioned further, his voice hard.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Chapter Master,” Martellus nodded, shuffling the images about. “Whatever lies within the system, they apparently need certain goods. Enough that a few unscrupulous Chartist captains were willing to brave it, for rather considerable payments going by the Inquisitor’s report.”<br/>
<br/>
“What goods?”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus sighed.<br/>
<br/>
“Luxury goods, as it turned out. High quality grox meat, thousands of gallons of amasec, and the like.”<br/>
<br/>
There was a long, drawn out pause.<br/>
<br/>
“Not fuel? Weapons?” Tarkus asked with a frown as he perused the data. “That means he has enough of those to not require purchasing more.”<br/>
<br/>
“…you mean to tell me that Vandis could have remained completely hidden…if he didn’t wish to indulge in his vices?” Gabriel asked incredulously.<br/>
<br/>
Martellus shrugged.<br/>
<br/>
“I’m sure Thaddeus, if he were here, would have some rant on the Meridian nobility,” he replied before looking back to the data.<br/>
<br/>
Again, a round of exchanged stares, but this time Gabriel kept his reactions internal. He knew that his decision had been controversial, but he also knew that he had done the right thing. At the time. Doubt was a poison, one he was well familiar with by now, but not one that he had grown immune to just yet. But he hadn’t known that the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade would erupt, nor just how devastating the Blood Raven Civil War would prove to be. Going by the last scattered reports, a good number of loyal Blood Ravens had died out there, another of the few ships the Chapter had thrown into the fire again and again. But no, Gabriel thought to himself, they fought against the forces of Chaos, there was no better test for ones who had wavered.<br/>
<br/>
“As it is, we shall have to travel into Segmentum Obscurus to this isolated system. It lies within the light of the Astronomicon, but outside of Imperial control. The Imperium was forced out of the Sector more than half a millennium ago, and with the fighting on Cadia…,” Martellus trailed off. “Well, suffice to say we can expect little to no local support, and possibly renegades or aliens as a buffer around Vandis’ hideout.”<br/>
<br/>
“Can our ships even fit through those openings?” Hadrian asked to no one in particular as he maneuvered a holographic example of the <i>Omnis </i>towards the gravity reef. “Hmm. Yes. It will be tight though, extremely tight. We cannot move in sheaf, wedge, nor pod formations. It’ll have to be single file.”<br/>
<br/>
A faint wince came from Hadrian even as he pronounced it. It was potentially a death sentence to whatever ships were first in the formation, as they would be running directly into any possible prepared defenses first. Reversing vessels out of the narrow pathways through the gravity reef would be near impossible to do quickly, especially if enemy ships were coming through the front. No massed fire would be possible in any direction. But to do anything otherwise would be an absolute certain death sentence, due to the fact that the gravity could rip any ship out of the warp and then to pieces. Truly, the gravity reef could not be natural, only the result of some impossible weapon or another.<br/>
<br/>
“If so, we shall sweep them aside regardless,” Gabriel declared. “Return to your duties, brothers, study the information we have received. I shall have orders for you all shortly.”<br/>
<br/>
A round of assent came, from Captain to Chief Librarian to Master of Sanctity. Yet as they left, one by one, Tarkus remained behind, leaning his back against the wall.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Tarkus, did you need something more?” Gabriel asked, causing Tarkus to straighten and give a curt salute.<br/>
<br/>
“Just a thought, Chapter Master,” Tarkus replied, pursing his lips. “Though there might not be any allies waiting for us in Obscurus, we might yet still have some we can bring with us.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh?”<br/>
<br/>
“Inquisitor Adrastia was already hunting Vandis while Apollo led our efforts against Kyras, she simply did not have the resources of Tarquindil,” Tarkus supplied, watching his Chapter Master’s face for reactions. “Governor Derosa might also have a considerable grudge against Vandis for abandoning her and the Subsector.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm,” Gabriel narrowed his eyes in thought. “Perhaps. Adrastia is a friend to me, but I have no way of knowing what forces she could bring to the fore.”<br/>
<br/>
“But she would aid us?”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel let loose a short laugh.<br/>
<br/>
“Since I have known her, she has never been one to easily give up a target. Though the same could be said of all of the Ordo Hereticus. Still,” he continued to muse, “Vandis is a known traitor and conspirator with the Black Legion. The Ordo Hereticus would likely be interested in pursuing him, especially if they might get information on any other contacts he might still have within the Imperium. On the other hand,” Gabriel tilted his head from side to side, “I was not present for Vandis’ fleeing, but you and Cyrus were. Would she truly be able to aid us?”<br/>
<br/>
“Before…,” Tarkus’ face fell, causing him to inhale deeply before forging on, “A traitor once noted but a single truth I will still acknowledge.”<br/>
<br/>
Both knew that he spoke of none other than Sergeant Avitus, but Gabriel did not begrudge Tarkus for his lacking of giving voice to that name. Gabriel still struggled to even speak Isidor’s name, for few wounds could penetrate so deep and lastingly as a brother’s.<br/>
<br/>
“Speak, Tarkus.”<br/>
<br/>
“He said that Elena Derosa should not have been a mere adjutant or adept within the Administratum, but a Sister of Battle. We might also consider speaking to the Order of the Lost Rosetta, as well, for they might welcome the chance to put Vandis to the pyre.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel stared at Tarkus.<br/>
<br/>
Vandis had stolen from the Chapter, which should have made him the sole issue of the Blood Ravens, but of course things were not so simple. As a heretic who aided the Black Legion, as a traitorous and failure of a Governor of Meridian, Vandis had made himself an enemy of far more than just Gabriel’s Chapter. There was nothing that required they call upon others, however, nothing at all. No guarantee that aid would be give even if there was a request. It burned at the very pride of a space marine to even consider such a thing, to grovel, but even that was perhaps a trap of the mind itself. For the Blood Ravens had been made humble not by Ulkair, nor by Araghast, or even the daemon Ulkair, but by one of their very own.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. I shall consider your words.”<br/>
<br/>
And consider them he would, along with a great many other things.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead The Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] Assign Unassigned Battle Brothers (44) To Companies (Write-In Battle Brother Allotment)<br/>
[] Assign Veterans To 1st Company If Desired (Write-In, If Desired, Not Required)<br/>
[] Assign Epistolaries to Companies (Write-In Which Epistolary To Which Company)<br/>
[] Assign New Fleet Additions (Write-In Fleet Assignments For Acquired Frigates/Destroyers/Gunships) [IF ANY AVAILABLE]<br/>
[] Name New Unnamed Strike Cruiser (Write-In Name)<br/>
[] <b>The Hunt For Vandis</b>: Ex-Governor Vandis is a known heretic, having betrayed Meridian to Chaos long before he surrendered it so easily to the tyranids. He was a thief of Chapter Relics, including terminator armor, and a coward besides. His forces bore the colors of none other than the Black Legion, aiding Araghast the Pillager. He fled towards Segmentum Obscurus, to a system that was on no coordinates known to any of the Navigator Houses. Yet the long arm of the Inquisition is quite capable at discovering that which wishes to remain hidden. A series of unique stellar phenomena prevents the system from being approached by most any conventional travel except for a small handful of ‘stable’ routes. Attempting to do otherwise would result in the fleets being torn apart by the gravitational anomalies. Scans indicate the presence of a solar system of some sort, but little else could be specifically told. House Vandis proved capable of considerable armament, and likely still retain it. This will not be a simple matter. However, others may yet have grudges against Vandis, others who might be enticed to join the Blood Ravens in finally bringing Vandis to justice. Vandis has had many years to build up his forces and his defenses, and his previous allegiance to the Black Legion cannot be ignored, nor forgotten. This will surely not be an easy fight, one way or another. (Write-In Blood Raven Forces Dedicated To This Act) (ALSO: Write in who you would contact to help you, i.e. Scarlet Lions/Derosa/Adrastia?/ETC. Be thoughtful about this, there are no guarantees.)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Campaign Offers:</b> The Deathwatch is being entirely overwhelmed. They are desperate for a great many more soldiers than many chapters are willing to give. They are, even, willing to give out targets to whole chapters that a single or grouping of kill-teams cannot normally defeat on their own. These are no mere minor invasions, but great gulfs of foes of extreme issue. It is highly advised that the Chapter focuses their efforts on only one of these potential targets at a time, else risk being similarly overwhelmed as the Deathwatch has been.<br/>
-[] <b>The Saharduin Swells</b>: The monstrous Saharduin have pushed further outward from their original holdings due to the arrival of WAAAGH!! Killmash attacking the forces of the Imperium from behind. Dark Eldar were also reported, though details are nearly nonexistent. The Imperial Navy is in full retreat from the area, forced to abandon the dozens of Imperial Regiments deployed onto the Saharduin ocean worlds due to the destruction of too many transport ships. The Imperial Navy is hoping to rebuild their ships and crew compliments for enacting a new offense within five to ten years. Brave scouts have reported that WAAAAGH!! Killmash is just as eager to fight the Saharduin as the Imperium, and both races have begun fighting each other without any clear advantage.<br/>
-[] <b>The Odaken Herd:</b> A new race, quadrupedal, heavily furred, with fully articulated ‘hands’ on each limb. Each is the average size of an ogyrn, and they bear strangely advanced terraforming tech – or at least Odakenning tech. They prefer ice worlds, subsisting on alien consumables and some form of symbiotic algae that grows upon their bodies. The arrival of the Order of the Lost Rosetta pushed them back from all Imperial worlds taken so far, the Sisters of Battle bringing much flame to the cold. The Odaken home system has been located around a slowly dying yellow star, which will erupt in only a century. The Sisters of Battle have sworn to burn every world of the alien to ash before their sun can and have already made considerable progress on that oath.<br/>
-[] <b>The Kra Empire</b>: The Kra are a new alien race invading the Imperium in Segmentum Ultima noted for their admittedly advanced technological arsenal on par with the Imperium’s own. Quadrupedal with a humanoid four-armed torso, the Kra have been noted to favor las weaponry developed in an oddly primitive design aesthetic, such as the las-bow. Subsector Tulmis has already fallen, with the rest of Larsa Sector under threat. The Adeptus Mechanicus has responded in extreme force due to the xeno occupation of Forge World Amasca; three separate Mechanicus Fleets carrying full complements of Skitarii as well as the titan legions Legio Vindicatia and Legio Mortidan have thus far entered Larsa and Tulmis.<br/>
-[] <b>Hive Fleet Kraken Splinter Invasion:</b> The Helba Sector is under threat from a Splinter Fleet from Hive Fleet Kraken. The tyranid invasion is currently focused upon the Mede Subsector, where the members of the space marines known as the Ebon Claws are currently attempting to fight them off. The Raven Guard successors have been noted by the Deathwatch to have become severely deleted after losing companies sent to the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade, the War on Armageddon, and the current fighting going on in Ultramar. If they lose their homeworld of Frigandus Cordis, located in the Mede Subsector, their Chapter will surely go extinct. With the demands on resources for fighting elsewhere being so high, it is unlikely they will receive any regular reinforcement from the rest of the Imperium for at least another few years.<br/>
[] <b>Terminator Exchange:</b> Theodosia is willing to produce some Terminator Armor for you, having gotten those specialized forges and designs online. But she will, one, require a full squad of marines with at least one psyker amongst them to safeguard the area - not that she doesn't trust the defenses and holy blessings of the Omnissiah, she just wants to ensure protection for your own equipment. And the hexagramic wards of the Blood Ravens should be especially valuable. Second, for each set of five terminator suits you desire built, she will require aid in other things, allowing her to free up production systems for what you desire. [1 Squad+Librarian Required To Help Oversee Production Whenever Selected. 1 Squad Required For Minor Favor Works In Exchange Per 5 Suits]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training For Gabriel</u><br/>
As Apollo's Skill Is No Better, Training Referred To Cyrus For Ballistic Skill, Last Skill To Be Improved Through Training<br/>
<br/>
Ballistic Skill From 4 to 5: 84+??+Cyrus(25)=??/500 &lt;- To Be Rolled<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Only Strength Remains To Be Improved To Return Chapter Average To Pre-Civil War Levels]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Strength Trainer (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and can be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it must be specified that they do so.<br/>
- If Ulkair is beginning to rise in power again, much is to be done to prepare for this, whether in numbers, arms, or allies.<br/>
- The Deathwatch seem desperate indeed, willing to take scouts, veterans, or even tomb-brothers, should they be sent to them.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest At Start Of Next Turn. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use. [Possess 557 Total Gene-Seed]<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (191 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (13 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The Arcanum may have the largest of our Apothecarium, but it is the Potentia that possesses the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
- We have more than enough Gene-Seed, I do not think that we require more Test-Slave implantations at this point.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] The Raven's Talons: Justinius believes that it should be possible to craft weapons that would be highly effective against daemons and the malefic powers of the Warp itself, as Godsplitter is. With five usable shards taken from Wailing Doom of the Unknown Craftworld's Avatar of Khaine from Typhon Primaris, he believes he could make similar weapons. Whether another daemonhammer, a blade, axe, maul, or spear, he thinks it possible. [100 BP Per Raven Talon, Powerful Anti-Daemon Power Weapons, x4 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Weapon. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] The Raven Aegis: The powers of the Warp and the daemons of Chaos are things that you know for a fact the Blood Ravens will face in the future. Creating talismans which would protect against such things would be incredibly valuable indeed. Justinius' successful efforts at using the materials of the fallen Avatars of Khaine from Craftworld Ulthwé has made him believe it possible to create such things. [50 BP Per Raven Aegis, Powerful Anti-Daemon/Warp Protection Talisman. x6 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Talisman. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.]</b><br/>
[] Something Else Entirely - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the Judgement of Carrion has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
- The Chapter's greatest advantage was its Librarians. I know that they were used for...ill purpose in the past by Kyras, but I will not allow such a political character to be assigned to them ever again. We were meant for more than that. For the betterment of the Chapter, for its coming battles, and the maintenance of the Sanctorium Arcanum, we must rebuild our ranks, and soon.<br/>
- If Ulkair is rattling his cage, we <b><i>need</i></b> more Librarians, and better weapons to wield against his ilk. Please, Chapter Master, I implore you to seek for ways to increase our numbers.<br/>
- The Astra Telepathica are loathe to send us any more recruits so soon, especially given their quality. I would not risk their ire by asking again so quickly, Chapter Master.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (775 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The Omnia Arcanum [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The Litany Of Fury [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The Howling Hatred [0/750] to receive an additional +25 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The Rage of Erudition [0/750] to receive an additional +25 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Ships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The Ravenous Spirit [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The Spiraling Fury [13/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The Burning Seeker [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The The Great Father's Fist [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The Legacy of Polonius [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [200/????]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- We should probably build more Tarantula turrets.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, to increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We have proven, now, our techmarine cadre to have the ability to properly construct the forges on our ships. We should continue this practice, for the Chapter is dangerously under-equipped compared to the strength it once possessed before the Purge.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Have we considered building more Tarantula turrets? Deploying them to aid our forces in upcoming fighting would be most valuable indeed, all things considered.<br/>
- Our Chapter will remain low in number for quite some time yet. I believe that one of the best ways to alleviate such issues is the noble Tarantula turret.<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon All Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.<br/>
- The Deathwatch would not ask so desperately if it were not needed. We could, conceivably, send scout marines to them. A number of these scouts would die, but they would die doing the Emperor's work. Those that survive would return with a vast amount of experience as well.</div>
  </body>
</html>