<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27 Social - 2483 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27 Social - 2483 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [EIC] Hochlander
[*] [ROMANCE] Yes

[+] The Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks (locked in)
[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)
[+] EIC Reports (does not cost a choice)
[*] Johann, as he once more tries to gild his eyeballs.
[*] Maximilian, who has been especially invaluable lately and is still neck-deep in translations.
[*] Soizic, military leader of the Undumgi.
[*] The Amber College, to see how your donation of Lustrian eggs is going.



---

Of the three candidates for EIC handler, you end up deciding on the Hochlander, and as they are officially recorded as entering into your employ you receive their full file from the Grey College. Rudiger von Bechafen is his full name, his family once burghers of Ostermark that were pushed out by the influx of more wealthy and influential notables fleeing the destruction of Mordheim. Like many Hochlanders, he has spent a significant portion of his life hunting the forests of eastern Drakwald with a long rifle, a hobby he was able to maintain through his education at the College of Sorcery in Hergig, and since his 'graduation' to Apprentice-in-Perpetuity due to his relative lack of magical power, he has been acting as a messenger for the Grey College, and has proven his loyalty, tenaciousness, and adaptability by getting messages quickly and safely to some of the most dangerous places in the Old World. He then transferred to Altdorf in search of a greater challenge, and may have found it in what is to be his new task. You introduce him to his quarters and to the local representatives of the EIC and leave him to settle in.

---

Once more, Johann has gone ahead to perform the ritual preparations forbidden to anyone outside the Gold Order. Gold Perpetuals will be assisting him with everything that requires eyes, Johann apparently not being the first to seek to apply Gilding to blind eyes. You had nudged him to perhaps get some sleep beforehand, but apparently the ritual doesn't allow for it, so all you can do is cross your fingers and hope for the best. He's succeeeded at least six times that you know of, so hopefully the mishap last time was merely a freak accident, not to be repeated.

So while Johann sees to that, you make your way to the Imperial Zoo to check up on the donation of Lustrian eggs you made four years ago, after you found and bought them in the marketplace of Barak Varr. Seija had told you that the creatures inside were predators with sharp senses, though neither apex nor especially bright, which hopefully meant that they would be tamable. You'd donated them to the Amber College rather than the Zoo itself, but with Supreme Patriarch Dragomas having firmly ensconced himself within the Zoo, the two were growing less separate by the day. Though that little fact was kept from the general public, lest ticket sales take a dive.

Your robes get you into the secure areas and your rank into the high secure areas, but only your name gets you past the skeptical guard outside the insecure areas, where the beasts weren't even a little bit tamed and armour was very strongly suggested. Clad in Aethyric Armour, you follow a twitchy and leather-clad zookeeper past high walls and steel doors towards your own potential contribution to the arsenal of the Empire. And then, in a deep pit carved into the rock and lined with stone parapets like an inverted castle, you spot them, perched atop rocks sticking out of a large, central lake - blue lizards the size of a horse, with red fins and frills and long, vicious claws. And as you cautiously approach the edge, four heads swivel to look directly at you, and you can almost see them considering their chances of somehow getting their teeth into you.

"Don't get too close, ma'am," the zookeeper warns. "They spit fire. I'll go get the Magister that's been raising them."

To your surprise, the Magister that arrives isn't from the Amber Order, but a Bright Magister who introduces himself as Hans Scheunacht. He's overweight, twitchy, and radiates heat like a furnace, but he speaks with confidence as he walks fearlessly to the edge of the enclosure and waves a hello at the lizards within. "Stroppy things," he says, fishing a chunk of unidentifiable meat out of the bucket he brought with him and throwing it in a lazy arc towards the nearest, who snaps it out of the air with surprising speed. "And lazy. They spit something that ignites on contact with the air, but whatever it is, it's hot when it's inside of them too, so they spend a lot of time trying to keep cool. They can run pretty fast when they're of a mind, but prefer to ambush, which is why we have them in here, so you can do a headcount and make sure they're not hiding."

"Chance of weaponization?" you ask hopefully.

He shrugs. "If we needed to we could cage them up and point them at an enemy today, but we're not going to get people killed trying to control them beyond that unless we can establish a breeding population. Right now, the immediate possibilities are in the saliva, and there's a preliminary paper on its way through the usual channels now. The Asur Navy use something similar to great effect, and if we can harvest or recreate it, it could be a great boon to our own efforts at sea."

As you watch, he lowers a ladder into the enclosure and walks among the lizards, who eye him thoughtfully but make no attempt to make a meal of him. He tries to encourage you to come down and give them a pat, demonstrating on one that ruffles its frill in either enjoyment or agitation at his attentions, but you're quite happy to leave him to it. Perhaps in a decade or so there'll be teams goading these creatures into battle, or riders atop their backs, or their saliva or something derived from it will be burning the enemies of the Empire at sea, but for now it's one curious creature amongst many.

[Chemical Properties and Possible Applications of the Autoignitive Saliva of the Lustrian Salamander: +4 College Favour]

---

You're shown into a different but near-identical laboratory, where events echo themselves eerily, from Johann's greeting to the final preparations to the funnels to apply the boiling gold to Johann's eyes. This time he does accept your help in setting it up, as the air is too thick with Chamon for him to be entirely confident in aligning everything using only his Magesight, and you hope you're not contributing to another horrible maiming.

"On the bright side," he says distractedly as he concentrates on the crucible, "even if things go wrong in the same way, it can't do any more damage than has already been done." Evidently his mind is running along similar lines to yours.

"You said you had enough savings for one more try last time, though," you probe.

He shrugs. "The Order has very competitive moneylending rates for just this sort of occasion. Or I still have the Boon from King Belegar I could call in."

You consider that, at wince at the idea of an overambitious Wizard getting himself deep into debt to his own College as they try over and over to restore a crippled limb. While the Gold and Grey Orders get on fairly well, bonding over being more practical types than the more airy and mystical Orders, they still do things very, very differently.

Johann removes the blindfold he's been wearing for the past six months, and you're glad you're not able to see you wince at the sight of the fleshy pink and cloudy grey that the previous attempt left of his eyes. He lifts himself atop the bench and you place a hand on the side of his head to direct him exactly under the two funnels, and then guide his hand to the bulb that will open the valves. "Wish me luck," he says half-jokingly, and though this is far from his jurisdiction, you think a quick but fervent prayer to Ranald.

[Rolling...]

An awful sense of deja vu sweeps through you as golden strands stretch towards Johann's eyes, but this time there is no screaming or thrashing as the molten gold makes contact, just the click of metal on metal as Johann releases the bulb and the funnels snap close, and the sound of boiling flesh underpinning the silence. For a terrible moment you think he might be dead, but his trembling arm lifts towards his face, then hesitates before dropping to his side. Just as last time, there's nothing that can be done, and the only mercy is that anything near his eyes capable of feeling pain burned away in the previous attempt. All you can do is take his hand as he stares upwards and waits for the terrible heat to fade as magically-altered gold melts into his ruined eyes.

---

"That could have gone better," you say to him later as the two of you sit in a quiet room somewhere closer to ground level, and he gives a sad little smile.

"Could have gone worse, though," he says. But he doesn't sound like he believes it.

"You're still among the living," you say gently, "and we can try again, in another few months."

He lifts a hand to touch the blindfold he's once more wearing. "I was watching it the whole time," he says. "From a very close perspective. Last time, the integration failed. This time, the cohesion failed too. The gold is supposed to remain contiguous, which made it simple to remove last time. Now, it's... throughout."

You look at him through Magesight, and though he's the big ball of Chamon he always is, you can also see it shining brightly in his eye sockets. "Can't it be removed?"

"Throughout," he says simply. "There'd be so much removed there'd be nothing left to gild."

"And you can't gild if there's residual Chamon," you say, remembering. He nods. The two of you sit there in silence for some time.

"Silver lining," he says suddenly. "There's a hell of a paper in this."

---

When you first met him, Maximilian was an ambitious and slightly pompous creative type with a penchant for drama. Now, he is... still those things, admittedly, but also a patient and thoughtful partner in your scholarly pursuits, having so far joined you in the writing of five papers and two books, with a third well on the way. It would be easy to let him fade into the foreground as simply an extension of your will, but even if you were okay with doing that to someone you've grown to consider a friend, the Grey College taught you that highly-skilled but underappreciated underlings are one of the most common and vulnerable weak links there are. So you make the time to show some appreciation to the more junior of the Gold Wizards under your authority.

He is a man with two lives right now, and when he is not wrestling with Queekish grammar in your Tower, he is bending metal to his will and soaking up every scrap of metallurgical secrets his Dwarven teacher deems fit to pass on. When you find him, he's labouring over a workbench in the massive communal smithy of Karag Lhune, that the Dwarves consider a shoddy temporary set-up and many human smiths would give limbs to have access to.

"Evening, Magister," he says distractedly as you approach, marking a flattened piece of iron with a piece of charcoal. "Everything alright?"

"Thought I'd pay you a visit," you reply, trying to work out what he's up to from the many oddly-shaped pieces of scrap metal covering his bench. "See what you're up to when you're not writing."

"Practice right now," he says, picking up a file and starting to grind away at an errant protrusion. "I need to get better with the fiddly bits, so I'm building a crossbow for myself."

"Isn't that an engineer thing?"

"That's what my teacher said," he says with a smile, "but me using it with Silver Arrows makes it Zhufokri nonsense instead of a breach of guild boundaries." He pauses, thinking. "I've read that some Wizards manifest a magical bow, instead of just the arrows. I'm not actually sure if this would disrupt the conceptual framework. Guess I'll find out."

His progress, he explains distractedly as he carefully shapes the metal, is nearing a solid foundation for him to start introducing his magic to the process, using Enchant Item and Law of Logic to enhance his own abilities to create, thus turning the temporary transfigurations of Chamon into something permanent, including a suitable Masterpiece. After that, he's not so sure. Once he dreamed of a very upper-class blacksmith in Altdorf or Nuln or Talabheim, but he admits he's found a liking for his part in pushing back the boundaries of what is known.

There is, you reflect, something of a magnetism to Karak Eight Peaks. You suppose it's hard to turn your back on history in the making, and a new chapter being added to a story thought finished three thousand years hence very much qualifies. So far, Esbern and Seija are the only Wizards to have spent much time here without putting down roots.

The two of you chatter as he puts the crossbow together, resulting in something that does seem at a glance to be similar in shape to what the Quarrelers use, but closer examination reveals as having no actual mechanisms, and the two of you make your way out into the Eastern Valley to some archery butts near the base of Karag Lhune. "Who was Arha, anyway?" Maximilian asks as he fiddles with the crossbow.

"An Elf, probably. It sounds Eltharin."

"Figures," he says, and lifts the crossbow to his eye and takes aim. "Oh, that's a lot easier to aim than a bow. Let's see..." He concentrates, and Chamon flows from his hands and through the crossbow into the notch, and a silvery bolt forms and flings itself out of the crossbow and towards the earthen butt. "Huh," he says, surprised.

"That was new," you say. "With the bow, the arrows just sort of appeared near your hands, not actually in the implement."

"Maybe because it's metal?" he says, unsure. "The bow was wood, maybe its nature meant it didn't interact with the magics. Or maybe it's a matter of visualization? Because I made the crossbow myself?" He runs a finger down the bolt notch, then takes aim once more, and again the bolt forms in the notch before firing itself forward. This time he maintains the pose, and a moment later another appears and fires, and then another. You've seen better rates of fire, but only from your revolvers and the most skilled archers.

"Silver Bolts of Maximilian," you say, and he grins broadly.

---


With the Karak secured and the future more or less calm, Mathilde's mind is turning to the possibility of romance. There are a number of possibilities of varying suitability, some of whom Mathilde knows well, some she's only met once or twice. Vote for the person or persons you wish Mathilde to spend more time with to see how romantically compatible she might be with them.

Wizards
[ ] Supreme Patriarch Dragomas
[ ] Magister Patriarch Algard
[ ] Magister Johann
[ ] Magisters Esbern and Seija
[ ] Journeywoman Panoramia
[ ] Journeyman Maximilian de Gaynesford
[ ] Journeywoman Adela Burgstaller
[ ] Journeyman Hubert Denzel
[ ] Journeywoman Gretel Maurer

Humans
[ ] Viceroy Francesco Caravello
[ ] General Soizic
[ ] Chief Bombardier Oswald Oswaldson
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart
[ ] Empress Heidi Haupt-Anderssen
[ ] Elector Countess Roswita Van Hal
[ ] Baron Anton Kiesinger II
[ ] Governor Wilhelmina Hochschild
[ ] Brother Kasmir Heinz
[ ] Julia Antionette Massif

Dwarves
[ ] King Belegar Ironhammer
[ ] Prince Kazrik and Princess Edda
[ ] Prince Gotri
[ ] King Kazador's sons

Other
[ ] Field-Marshal Titus Muggins
[ ] Vicereine Cadaeth
[ ] Ambassador Daroir
[ ] Asarnil the Dragonlord
[ ] Chieftain Qrech Anuvongeni
[ ] The Ice Dragon of Karag Zilfin
[ ] The We


- This vote is not a lock-in, it is who Mathilde will be attracted to and seek to explore the possibilities with.
- Whether Mathilde pursues one person or plays the field with multiple depends on the result of the vote; the exact details I will leave unsaid to prevent attempts at gaming the system. Vote for who you want to see Mathilde with instead of attempting anything strategic.
- Similarly, don't vote for some of the more unusual possibilities just to see if I'd do it. I absolutely would. Don't vote that way unless you want the story to go that way.
- Yes, there are power imbalances in several of the possible relationships. This is a time period where such imbalances come standard. While it's valid to not like a given pairing because of that, you can trust in the power of GM fiat to know that nobody will be under any duress.
- If there's any candidates you feel are missing and wish to vote for, feel free to suggest them.
- I will have zero tolerance for any sort of malarkey. Keep it civil.
- There will be a one hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>