<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 26: Black Blood Pass</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 26: Black Blood Pass</h2>


Spoiler: Unfinished business



[*] [BARBITUS] Interrogation
[*] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[*] Attempt to find the Norse Dwarf outpost of Kraka Ravnvake
-[*] With Johann



Thankfully, the Norscans leaving enough room on the thoroughfare for mammoths meant there was enough room for steam-wagons, so you're able to slip between the buildings and through the town without damaging any of it and risking angering the locals, who seem to be accepting the Gods' judgement on the duel. You run a thoughtful eye over their mammoth as you pass, noting its clear eyes, symmetrical features, and hair as blond as the humans around it. They say that the second set of tusks and the fangs on its trunk are a mutation induced by chaos, but they say the same of Demigryphs. The mammoth seems to be inspecting you right back, possibly surprised to encounter something even larger than it trundling through town.

With the town safely behind you, you turn your attention to other matters: performing the interrogation of young Journeyman Barbitus. This far into the journey, there are plenty of empty rooms that were once filled with peat-coal or provisions. You select the least odorous of them, set it up appropriately, and have Egrimm direct the potentially wayward Journeyman your way.

"You wanted to speak to me, Lady Magister?" he says cautiously as he pushes the door open warily. Your dramatic side wanted gloom for him to peer into, but for the sake of his nerves there's a lantern on the floor between the two chairs.

"Take a seat, Journeyman Barbitus," you reply, gesturing to the chair opposite yours. There's a moment of hesitation before he obeys, glancing around the room and then jumping as the door swings shut behind him. That was another thing your dramatic side wanted, but credit here goes to the design of the doors which makes them swing shut unless actively held open. "I wanted to check how you've been doing, after all we've encountered."

"I'm fine, Lady Magister," he says instantly.

"I'd hope not," you respond. "There's no good reasons and plenty of bad ones for somebody to be serene after their first encounter with something like a physical manifestation of the Ruinous Powers. While I was growing my calluses in Stirland, I lost my lunch the first time I encountered a man twisted by Dhar. So please, answer honestly."

"Is this an interrogation, Lady Magister?" he says after some thought, and to his credit he quells the surging of Hysh he had started to unconsciously draw upon.

"No, what could be waiting for you back in the Empire is an interrogation. This is your chance to avoid that. Magister Egrimm feels you have promise, and the Empire always needs more Magisters, so I'm willing to be convinced."

He considers that for a moment. "You've got visual Windsight, haven't you?"

"Mostly. Some secondary olfactory synaesthesia with Dhar and Waaagh energies. And you have visceral?"

He nods. "Visual is easy, there's names for every colour imaginable. With auditory, you can map directly onto musical notes. All five main senses have an entire lexicon for communicating. But visceral? Most people only know hunger, satiation, pain, nausea, and the call of nature. Even most Wizards assume it works like emotive or intuitive when they hear about visceral Windsight. But it's not, it's an entire sense as well-developed as sight or hearing or taste and it's completely alien to normal human experience. And there's no filters either, none of the psychosomatic tricks like blinking for visual or vomiting for gustatory to block out some of it. All you can do against a bad visceral sensation is curl up in a ball and hope it passes."

You nod. "And how did the servants of the Tempter manifest through that?"

His eyes dart around, and you'd think it was regular evasiveness if it weren't for the blush starting to rise up his neck. "At first, in the way you'd expect," he finally says. "Then it split into entirely alien sensations and became overwhelming. It was all I could do to focus on Hysh and follow the Chant. It took days for the sensation of phantom organs to fade, and then came the Windfall, and then the Wastes."

"It sounds like it must have been quite draining."

He shakes his head, then stops. "Well, yes, I see what you mean and in that sense I suppose it was, but 'draining' is a sensation in itself and it wasn't that. This is what I mean, Lady Magister. Words quite literally fail me."

You nod. "And I imagine there's a bevy of lessons for dealing with visual or auditory Windsight at the Light College. But for you..."

He nods. "My Master recommended the diary of Supreme Patriarch Ptolos, but it was extremely redacted and from what remained I believe he had intuitive Windsight. So I'm almost entirely self-taught. That wasn't a problem once I grew accustomed to the environment of the College, but adapting to the outside world has been a challenge, even before all this."

"So what brought you to this Expedition at all? Surely there's work aplenty for a Light Wizard in the Empire?"

"Timpania recommended me to Magister Egrimm after he said he wanted different Magesights. Each batch-induction divides up by language until everyone learns Reikspiel, so the three of us knew each other pretty well already. They say Magister Egrimm reports directly to the Magister Patriarch, so I figured the chance to work alongside him would be worth the discomfort."

You nod. The Light Order takes on the most Apprentices of any order, but produces the fewest Magisters. It makes sense for someone with ambitions to rise from the Choirs to take chances to be noticed. "Do you still feel that way?"

He takes a moment to consider that. "Now that it's almost over, I do. But I don't think I'd do it again any time soon."

"Tell me about the Wastes."

He hesitates. "I'd expected to be nauseous, or something like it. But it was more like the feeling you get in your gut when you've been awake too long. A constant weight that drags down everything you try to do. It was never much more than an annoyance, but it was always there."

You nod at that, remembering the campaign in Sylvania. The dull throb of Dhar had been everywhere, and you're still not entirely sure if some of the darker thoughts you had then were entirely due to circumstances or if the constant ambient corruption had crept in. "And after we left there, things returned to normal."

"Yes, Lady Magister, once we went into the mountains."

And then Egrimm had taken the return to his normal appetite and sleep patterns as reason for concern. You suppose that's understandable. One advanced in the use of Hysh would be naturally resistant to that sort of low-level onslaught and might not have noticed it at all. But for a Journeyman barely used to the streets of Altdorf, let alone the Chaos Wastes... "It's to your credit that you're bouncing back from the experience. I'm sure by the time you return home this will all seem like one big adventure. It's not every Journeyman that can claim to have participated in the rescue of a Dwarfhold and the defeat of a Higher Daemon."

"I suppose so." He hesitates. "So you won't... I mean, I won't, uh..."

You smile. "I see no reason for concern, and I'll share that information with everyone that needs to know."

He exhales and gives a shaky smile. "Thank you, Lady Magister."

---

"You think it was just the influence of the Chaos Wastes?" Egrimm says doubtfully, fidgeting with a small square mirror.

You nod. "It's a matter of perspective. You're Hysh-y as a lighthouse and it's not my first experience in a Dhar-rich environment, but Barbitus has the worst of both worlds: he can directly experience the Dhar and he's not immersed enough in Hysh to resist it. It fits that he'd be worn down as we go north, then start to recover as we leave the Steppes."

Egrimm considers that. "I suppose he'd barely had the opportunity to recover from the Daemons when I hit him with the Windfall, and barely had time to recover from that when we entered the Wastes. He rang true to you?"

"He did. There was genuine frustration in his tone when he talked about it. If he was tempted and trying to hide it he'd either brush it off or play at being disgusted with it, not annoyed."

He nods thoughtfully. "That makes sense, and I'm glad to hear it. The three of them work well together, and I doubt the other two would be willing to work with me if I had to hand Barbitus over to the Magisters Vigilant."

"Yes, he said they were all inducted together. Is that common for the Lights?"

"Oh, yes. There's an old joke that the best way to contact a Light Wizard is to found an orphanage, there'll be one there the next morning to winnow through the urchins. The three of them were from Tilea originally, hence the names."

"Is that how you came to the Light Order?" you ask curiously.

He smiles. "No, I woke up one day with the realization that I needed to go to Altdorf. 'Seeing the Light', we call it. Once I made it through to the Pyramid of Light I was accepted as an Apprentice. I did my time in the Choirs and ended up on the Choir for Magister Patriarch Alric during a rather tricky exorcism. I was one of the few left standing after the smoke cleared, and the rest is history." He sighs. "A very apt choice of words when it comes to that man."

"He has been around for quite some time," you prompt.

"Oh, yes. He doesn't like his age being talked about, but he can't hide the facts. Let none forget he was Supreme Patriarch during the Night of a Thousand Arcane Duels, and that means he must have won the position in 2406, so he must have been at least a Lord Magister. I doubt he's any younger than 120. No wonder he needs to hand the reins off every so often."

"To Lady Magister Mira?"

"The one and only. Devastating woman. From what I've heard she never even made it out of Altdorf as a Journeywoman - was about to set off when the city was besieged by Tomb Kings after some trinket or another, and by the time they were rebuffed she'd made enough of a name for herself on the walls that they promoted her to Magister. Pity she keeps handing back power, she's much better suited to it." He sighs. "What about yours? Magister Patriarch Olorin, isn't it? I've never heard much about them, which I suppose is only natural."

"Olorin retired back when I was an Apprentice. Algard is the current Magister Patriarch."

He frowns. "Algard, of the Storm-Towers? I'd assumed he was dead."

You resist the urge to smile. "No, called away from his collections for a higher purpose. Hopefully his Towers remain hidden away until he can return to them."

"I tried to chase down rumours of one during my Journeying, but when I got there, an Outrider patrol was riding down a group of cultists and the storm moved on and the Tower disappeared before I could circle around the battlefield. They're a magnet for trouble."

You have to bite your lip. "It sounds like it. Algard seems well-suited to his current position, so they'll have to fend for themselves at least a while longer."

"Mmm." He spins the mirror on its corner. "What do you think, did the Expedition succeed?"

You exhale. "The goal was to ascertain the status of Karag Dum. Personally, I have many more questions, but this wasn't my Expedition. It was Borek's, and it's Karak Kadrin's, and it's the Karaz Ankor's. Borek's apparently got his answers, and to the Dwarven perspective, we've uncovered enough information that they can write it off with a clean conscience. So, yes. We cauterized that wound in the Dwarven psyche. That's a success even before you factor anything else in."

"That's an odd choice of words. Are you worried about the Dwarven psyche?"

"It's twenty-five centuries since their dark age, and their population is still going down. Why do you think that is?"

He frowns. "Well, they're always fighting one war or another."

"So are we. So are Kislev and Bretonnia and everyone else. That's just the world we live in. They haven't changed biologically since their Golden Age, and yet their oldest and richest Holds are shrivelling, even during times of peace, even though those Holds were built and populated when Daemons walked the world freely. So yes, I think it's the Dwarven psyche. I think that the average Dwarf woman does her duty in bringing four children into the world, and then chooses not to inflict it on a fifth."

"Four? But-"

You wave a hand. "Three quarters of Dwarven births are male."

"Ah. I suppose that explains why I mostly ever see ones with beards." He spins the mirror as he considers your words. "Is that why you do what you do? Hoping to single-handedly heal the Dwarven soul?"

You shrug. "If it happens I'll take it, but I joined Belegar because Abelhelm died and I didn't know what else to do with myself, and I found Vlag because I was lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time with the right talents. I can't grab the entire Dwarven race by the beards and shake them until they stop looking backward and start looking forward. But I like them, so I'll do what I can to make the world a better place for them."

"There's a line for their history books. 'The Mathilde Age: She liked us, so she made the world a better place for us'." You roll your eyes at his teasing, but can't help smiling. "Why do you like them? Dwarves aren't exactly fans of magic."

"They don't like magic because they know magic is often dangerous and unreliable, and they physically react badly to it. I can respect that. That's probably what it comes down to: what I disagree with them about, I can usually still understand and respect. Not like how it is in the Empire, where every other person is a twit with a fistful of virulently-held beliefs they've never given any thought to."

He smiles. "I thought the Greys were supposed to cleave closely to the Articles."

"Even we didn't lay down our staffs and let ourselves be burned after Alric let the Night happen. Being a bigoted fool is not part of the 'ideals and laws of Sigmar's Holy Empire', even if it seems like that sometimes."

"Hear, hear," he says, his smile widening.

---

As the Expedition travels along the banks of what you can't help but refer to as Lake Sausage, you and Johann circle around it in the other direction, making your way across the river and through a forest to seek out the lake's main tributary, which is easier said than done and involves some going back and forth and arguing about whether one river seems wider or deeper or faster than another. Eventually you settle on what you hope is the correct candidate and then following its long, winding path uphill as it flows through the mountains. Your Shadowsteed is as tireless as Johann's golden lungs and muscles, but neither magic grants proof against boredom and you can't find refuge in a book without risking missing your goal and rendering the entire purpose of this journey pointless.

What feels like a lifetime later, you're thoroughly sick of the sight of mountains and Johann is frowning at the river. "The Norse Dwarves were sailors, weren't they?"

"That's what I've heard, they'd build their holds along rivers and then travel up and down them. Why?"

"Because I think we've gone too far."

You frown and consider the river alongside him, which definitely seems like it's grown too shallow to be navigable. "Damn."

Several more hours later, the setting sun forces you to find shelter for the night behind a network of Magic Alarm tripwires and several piles of pebbles under the effects of Eye of the Beholder to lead any wandering Norscans into thinking they've found river-gold to lead them into said tripwires. You glare at the patch of sky where the sun was last sighted, grumble under your breath about how unreliable it is, and then have to mentally concede that as you are quite far north and it is summer, the sun is sticking around for much more of the day than you're used to. Just not long enough.

The next morning sees you resuming your search, and you eventually find what you're looking for on the other side of a narrow crevasse that can't be seen all the way through no matter which way you look at it: a small hidden valley that looks like it was quite beautiful once. Now all that remains is charred stone foundations and Runestones so thoroughly defaced you're just guessing about the Rune part. You make your way through the rubble, frowning at the Norscan graffiti covering everything still standing, some of it sigils in honour of the Chaos Gods, some of it what looks like the same sort of thing you'd find on the walls of Altdorf, just in a different language.

"Metal fragments," Johann says, kneeling down to inspect something. "Looks like a weapon was shattered, but they took away the largest pieces."

"What kind of metal?"

"Iron. Bad iron. Coldshear by the feel of it."

"It doesn't bode well if the Norscans were comfortable enough here to cover it with graffiti and take away all but the crumbs." You turn your gaze to the entrance. "Shall we?"

"I'm not going to turn back after coming all this way."

Lit by a Glowing Light, the two of you venture into the mouth of the Dwarfhold of Kraka Ravnvake, frowning at the walls as you do. The interior lacks the graffiti of the outside, but bloodstains cover much of the floor and the walls are marked with chips and divots from errant swings and shots. It doesn't take you long before you reach the cave-in you were told about, and Johann kneels down to concentrate.

"There's... a hammer or an axe, about fifteen yards in," he says. "High-quality steel, but badly battered, and completely covered by stone."

You run your eyes over the cave-in. "Fifteen yards? There's no way we're getting through that much stone." You frown as you consider it some more. "For a good weapon to be under there, chances are its wielder is too."

"So they're not just hiding behind the rockfalls and hoping any intruders wander off of their own accord," Johann says grimly. "They would have recovered the body and taken the weapon while they were doing so."

"It tells us this was made to collapse, rather than it being disrepair. Otherwise either Dwarves or Norscans would have taken the weapon before it got buried by the stone. It matches what I've heard about the defence of Kraka Drak: falling back and caving in the Hold as they go."

"Dwarves destroying their own Holds," Johann says, shaking his head. "They must have known it was the end, so all that mattered was taking as many Norscans with them as possible."

"Not just Norscans," you say, looking around the tunnel. "Kurgan, Hung, Tong, and probably other Tribes we don't even know the names for. And mutants and Daemons and champions of the Chaos Gods. Asavar Kul gathered his forces from the entire Chaos Wastes, and after he died they all came up here. They probably would have fallen to infighting before long, but they had a common enemy and the surviving lieutenants of Asavar Kul to unite them."

"So when Magnus saved Kislev, he doomed the Norse Dwarves," Johann says, rising back to his feet.

"Seems so. Let's check the side-passages. I don't think we'll find anything different, but we may as well while we're here.

The two of you map out the accessible portions of Kraka Ravnvake, and you ultimately find that every one terminates in a wall of rubble. Both of you strain your Windsight to try to glean any suggestion that there might be life on the other side or the rockfall might be thin enough to dig your way through, but all you find is evidence that at some point in the past, others have tried and had eventually given up. From the traces of metal left behind in pick-marks Johann deduces that there were at least two groups that tried to make their way through, one with middling-quality iron and another with high-quality steel, which you assume to be Norscans and southern Dwarves respectively. A closer examination of the main shaft reveals a cavernous expanse of missing roof partway in, indicating a cave-in that had been excavated at some point in the past. A great deal of work to find nothing but more blockages on the far side.

"After Vlag, I was half expecting to find them alive and well," Johann admits as the two of you emerge into the sun.

"Part of me was hoping too," you say, "but I suppose it makes sense. This is a mystery the Dwarves are entirely capable of solving themselves, and it seems like in this case they have. The Norse Dwarves have fallen - or at the very least, Kraka Ravnvake has."

"They could still be alive, deep underground," Johann says half-heartedly. "Runelights and cavern farms and underground springs and geothermal heat."

"Maybe, but if they are, it makes no difference up here. If they're burrowed that deep they may as well be on Mannsleib."

"It's nice to imagine, though," he says wistfully. "Or at least nicer than the alternative."

"I suppose it is," you say, dusting off your hands. "Let's head back."

---

As the walls of Fort Straghov come into view, you exhale and feel yourself relax a bit. You are now officially in Kislev. Northern Kislev, populated largely by Ungols who never fully assimilated into Kislev and are still prone to banditry and worshipping the wrong kind of Gods on occasion, but Kislev nonetheless. The Expedition has finally returned to friendly territory. The next week will take you south along the River Tobol, passing Fort Kaminski and eventually arriving at Fort Ostrosk, where you will cross the river and be ready to begin the final stretch overland to where the Expedition began months ago.



The four with the most votes will be chosen.

Spend time getting to know...
[ ] Head Ranger Snorri Farstrider
[ ] Preceptor Joerg von Zavstra
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart the Younger
[ ] Asarnil the Dragonlord
[ ] Deathfang
[ ] Ice Crone Ljiljana
[ ] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[ ] Citharus, Barbitus, and Timpania
[ ] Magister Michel Solmann
[ ] Journeyman Cyrston von Danling
[ ] Journeywoman Alexandra Kohler

Become involved with:
[ ] Ranging far ahead of the convoy
- With the Knights of Taal's Fury
[ ] Scouting near the convoy
- With the Winter Wolves

Other:
[ ] Be ready to use Rite of Way should it prove necessary
[ ] Attempt to scout the Skaven stronghold of Hell Pit
[ ] Attempt to steal the mammoth from the Baersonlings
- With Esbern and Seija


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Before anyone asks, I will not reveal if the state of Kraka Ravnvake was the result of dicerolls or was a foregone conclusion.
  </body>
</html>