<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 23: The Frozen Sea</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 23: The Frozen Sea</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally
[*] Ice Crone Ljiljana
[*] Be ready to use Rite of Way should it prove necessary
[*] Head Ranger Snorri Farstrider
[*] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann



As the steam-wagons grind their way across the frozen landscape, everyone who ventures out from the warmth radiating from the boilers is wrapped in the winter gear that has been mostly lying unneeded in the cargo holds. The only exception is Ljiljana, who has erected a hammock atop the Magnus with one end tied to the funnel and the other to the fore cannon. The display reinforces your suspicion that Wizards are Wizards wherever they come from, and an affinity to the ephemeral energies of the world comes with an overwhelming desire to show off. It may have somewhat backfired as the concerned Knights have been emerging every so often to check that she hasn't succumbed to the cold despite her insistence that she's as comfortable as they would be on a Tilean beach, but then again, perhaps she's not entirely displeased by being doted over by large young muscular woodsmen, especially since it gives her the opportunity to get them to fetch snacks and drinks for her basking.

"You have questions," she says as you approach. "Tch. Imperinyi zabloudit-ved'ma always have questions. Lost as children in a blizzard."

"'Nothing in this life or the next is free,'" you quote, "'and whilst I am willing to trust in my own abilities and limitations, and accept any errors I make while weaving my spells, I do not wish to trust the continued benevolence of a deity whose need for my faith and dedication might far outweigh my own need for His or Her aid.'"

"Pretty words," she says after a moment of thought. "Your Volans, yha?"

"Yes."

She opens her eyes and looks at you. "But you do not follow his advice, do you? Was not just you staring down Karneth, was it? If child in blizzard emerges with a new friend, they are one to watch. Even if yours is not quite so respectable as a bear or wolf or owl."

"Do you think Gods are necessary partners for wielding magic?"

She snorts. "Pointless to go without. A bachór feeding from a boyar's garbage is just as bound as those sworn to his service."

"I suppose that makes sense, if that's how you see the Winds. You think they won't always be a constant?"

"I think it is foolish to assume they will be. If our Gods abandon us, we will know why. If your Winds stop blowing, will you?"

You consider that. "I'd like to think we could figure it out," you eventually say, "but I'll grant you they might not be considerate enough to give warnings."

"Yha. The source of our power is never shy with anger, and then can be, shtuka, przebłagać... honoured and made pleased again. Can the Winds? Can Ulgu?"

You nod, silently conceding the point. It's a similar point to the comparison Cython had made between Gods and Winds, but approached from the other direction. However similar the two might be, as far as you know there's no way to propitiate a Wind. Does that make Gods preferable?

Then again, Winds are remarkably free of baggage, too. "You said that Ranald had wronged the Widow in some way," you probe.

"And now he seems to be making amends. You do not know the tale?" You shake your head. "The short of it is that the Widow and Her siblings were once much more than four, before Salyak had your Ranald interfere." She sighs, and closes her eyes again. "The details are ugly, and not to be shared with those outside Their service. In the aftermath They found us, the Gospodar. So perhaps it was for the best. But amends are still required."

You frown, considering that. "I thought Salyak was quite well established in Kislev."

"Salyak is easier to forgive," she says with a snort.

You make several mental notes with the intention to cross-reference this with everything you can get your hands on later, and by the time you're done with that, Ljiljana has begun to snore. You smile and shake your head before retreating from the chill of the northern winds.

---

You find Snorri in his quarters, poring over an assortment of maps. "Loremaster," he says, not looking up.

"Any insight on our route to be found there?"

"Not any time soon," he says with a snort. "Who'd map this? Land cartographers just draw the outline of the sea and call it a day, and the ocean-going ones can't exactly sail or steam their way here. No, I'm looking at the last leg of our route before we hit Kislev."

You sit alongside him and study the map. "Where are we coming ashore?"

He points at an inlet. "Here, this fjord will take us straight into Black Blood Pass. There's apparently a Baersonling village there, but there's no going around them - it's thick woods on one side and a river on the other. Southwest through the pass, past..." he squints at the map, "I'm pretty sure that says 'sausage lake', and then to Fort Straghov at the other end of the Pass."

"Any interesting landmarks nearby?"

He points at an unmarked patch of mountains. "I've heard that the source of one of the feeder rivers to this Sausage Lake is at a Norse Dwarf settlement, Kraka Ravnvake. Couldn't tell you which one. There's been a few Expeditions to try to find it, and none have found anything but collapsed tunnels. There's a major Skaven stronghold nearby too, though I can't recommend giving it a visit. Apart from that, just mountains and Norscans as far as the eye can see."

You nod. "And after Black Blood Pass?"

"Two weeks to Praag, which should be uneventful, as we'd be traveling alongside the Tobol which marks the edge of Troll Country and Kislev built a chain of forts alogn it after the Great War - used to be the furthest settlement north was Zioshenk, which is another week south of Fort Straghov. East from Fort Ostrosk to the North Lynsk, then follow it south to Praag, and from there the Expedition dissolves. Knights travel back to Talabecland, Winter Wolves to Ulrikadrin, steam-wagons to Karak Kadrin, and my Rangers back home to High Pass. Get to work on trying to convince Karak Vlag they're back in reality, I suppose. Make sure nothing tries to move in to the upper levels before they retake them."

"You think Clan Redbeard will join Karak Vlag?"

He shrugs. "Perhaps, in time. Our fate will be interwoven with theirs for the foreseeable future either way. Even if we remain part of Karak Kadrin, our task at High Pass won't be properly completed until guarding it can be turned over to Karak Vlag once more."

You nod, making a mental note. Gotri had mentioned the possibility of recruiting Snorri for Clan Huzkul, but it looks like he's not going any further south than Praag for the foreseeable future, as he considers himself dutybound to Karak Vlag one way or the other. "So we're almost done," you say.

He nods firmly. "I'll be glad to put this behind me and get my legs under me again. Karak Vlag might have made it all worthwhile, but everything after that was a disaster. The best we can say is that now we don't need to wonder any more, and now there'll be no more Borek trying to convince anyone that will listen to spend lives on discovering the fate of Karag Dum."

You nod, and let silence take over for a while as you try to think of the best way to phrase the next question. "Will Karak Kadrin take responsibility for contacting Gotrek's widow?" you finally say.

"They should," Snorri says darkly, "but I wouldn't trust them to do the job properly. I'll be sending a few letters with the Expedition, I know a few Dwarves there I trust to deliver the news suitably, and offer support to them."

"Karak Eight Peaks was going to try to recruit Gotrek after the Expedition," you say after a moment's thought. "The offer still stands for his widow and daughter, if they'd like."

Snorri looks surprised, then thoughtful. "The new Engineers Clan?" he asks, and you nod. "I was going to offer the same from Clan Redbeard after I badgered the Elders into letting me. I'll give her both offers, though I've a feeling she'll continue to go her own way. She has an independent streak a mile wide, same as Gotrek."

---

You stare out at the seemingly endless ice, trying to remember to keep your eyes slitted to keep from going snowblind. So far the steam-wagons seem to be handling the snow-covered ice as well as could be hoped, thanks to the route the Knights determine at the end of each day that will take the Expedition through the smoothest gullies and keep it from bare ice exposed to the constant wind. You've lent magical assistance here and there, but so far it doesn't feel like you've made significant difference in the Expedition's speed, just shaved off a few minutes on the rougher patches.

"Lady Magister," Egrimm says as he comes alongside you, arms hugged to his torso against the chill of the air. "You wanted to talk to me?"

You glance around the deck, which has been bereft of other souls for hours. "Now is probably the best time," you say. "I wanted to check in with you about your Light Wizards."

He nods. "I thought you might. Barbitus specifically, right?"

"He seemed normal enough to me when we studied the Windfall, but..."

"But since then we've ventured into the Chaos Wastes, where Dhar lies thick on the ground and we all come out a bit more tainted than when we entered," he says with a nod. "I'm going to write a very strongly worded refutation to the 'Chaos Wastes is a relative term' theory as soon as I get back to Altdorf. It couldn't have been any more clearly demarcated if it had a checkpoint." He shakes his head and rubs his arms. "Barbitus. He's sleeping and eating better, but it's hard to say with any certainty if that's necessarily a good thing. He might be more at peace because he's thrown off the influence of Chaos..."

"Or he might be more at peace because he's accepted it," you finish, and Egrimm nods grimly. "How do you want to handle it?"

"I'm still torn," he admits. "If he's tainted, he should be executed - for his own good, as if the tendrils are not yet too deep, he might still go on to a peaceful rest. If he's not, he should be allowed to continue with his Journeying and some day become our peer. But I can't say for sure one way or the other, not with any confidence, and there's no way to get hard answers without tainting his future career if he is innocent. Demotion to Apprentice or handing him over to the Magisters Vigilant might prevent a future Black Magister, but it's also very likely to prevent a future Light Magister, too."

You nod. "I'll give the matter some thought," you say, and let the rumbling of the engines fill the air for a while. "Any thoughts on what we encountered at Karag Dum?"

"I've been trying to get it straight in my mind," he says, "but what we saw doesn't make any sense once you look past the surface. It's easy to say 'they're guarded by a Chaos thing, ergo they fell to Chaos, job done, off we go'. But I've read of the Shadowgave before, and though it shares several properties with Daemons, the way it acts is entirely different to them. As far back as is known, it acts according to whim and chance, reacting to whatever stimuli it encounters. The closest thing it has to any sort of motivation beyond killing and eating and twisting is its tendency to wander in the direction of Athel Loren."

"And yet it is acting like a Daemon either bound or summoned by Karag Dum," you finish.

"I could hazard some guesses as to how that would be possible, but it would require much greater insight into whatever the Shadowgave actually is for them to be any more than guesses. Maybe they've convinced it that the woods that have sprung up around the base of Karag Dum are Athel Loren, or replaced whatever fascination it has with Athel Loren with an obsession with their mountain, or some other means of manipulation, but whatever theory you apply, it requires an understanding of Beastmen that Karag Dum has no reason to have. Beastmen don't exist in the Chaos Wastes - they're the antithesis of civilization and cannot exist without it. Animalistic mutants back there are simply accepted by their tribe instead of being cast out to form a separate society."

"All of that makes sense," you say after some thought. "But what conclusion does that lead to?"

"I haven't the faintest idea," Egrimm admits. "But I think the answer lies in the nature of the Shadowgave. It doesn't fit neatly into any known category - it's not fully a Beastman, not truly a Daemon, definitely not a Sorcerer. I think if you can figure out what category it is in, you can start to ask actually meaningful questions - like how the Dwarves know enough of whatever that nature is to manipulate it."

You sigh. "So much of these past few months would make such amazing papers if I had just a few less questions and a few more answers."

He chuckles. "That's the nature of the job. The Light College's basements are practically exploding with bits and pieces we've never been able to figure out."

"Any idea what you're going to do after all this?"

His smile vanishes. "None," he says with a sigh. "Alric likes to use me as a troubleshooter, so until I make Lord Magister or Mira takes over again, I'm stuck cleaning up his messes - and that's if he's not outright preventing me from advancing so I have to keep doing so. So no doubt I'll have at most a few weeks to potter about in Altdorf until he sends me off on some new errand." He grimaces, then forces himself to relax. "And you?"

"Back to Karak Eight Peaks, I suppose," you say.

"Of course. First non-Dwarven Loremaster of a Karak in recorded history, and all that."

"Mm, that might be the problem. It was all well and good when we were a foothold facing..." you frown, and take a moment to count, "eight different enemy factions, but now that the Karak is reconquered and secured and getting more so every week, there's not really bizarre and potentially dangerous oddities that need poking on a regular basis. The job's probably mine for as long as I want it, and it might just be my imagination, but it's seeming like Belegar's finding work for me, rather than me being the answer the Karak needs. A more traditional Loremaster, one that knows the laws and the traditions and the Clans and the Guilds inside and out, might be a better fit for the problems the Karak has now."

"Or it might be that now there's not eight factions to stare down, you're getting itchy feet," Egrimm says shrewdly. "Did King Belegar send you on this Expedition?"

"No," you admit. "Just asked that I assist in its preparations."

"When Loremaster Weber saw the breadth of her domain, she wept, for there were no more worlds to conquer," Egrimm says, and grins at the look you shoot him. "Most Wizards would be ecstatic with that sort of sinecure. But most Wizards would have more sense than to be trundling in a wheeled boat over a frozen sea. Just leaves more fun for the likes of us, right?" He smiles, then shivers. "I'm going to head back to the Volans before parts start dropping off. Let me know if you come up with any input for the Barbitus situation."

As he leaves sight, you allow yourself the shiver you've been holding in ever since he'd arrived and seriously consider ducking back below to visit the kettle perched atop the boiler, but not before turning your eyes back to the ice ahead. Very soon the ice will give way to land, and right after that the Baersonling-dominated Black Blood Pass. As Snorri said, one more week of travel should see you through to civilization in the form of Fort Straghov, and from there you can part ways with it with a clean conscience, as the remainder of the journey will be through firmly Kislevite territory - though you might stick with it until at least Praag, you haven't decided yet.




Do you have a recommendation for how Egrimm should handle the question of Barbitus?

[ ] [BARBITUS] Execution
A sudden death, and transportation to a Garden of Morr to be interred.
[ ] [BARBITUS] Demotion
Reduced to Apprentice and returned to the rigid routine of the Light College for long-term observation.
[ ] [BARBITUS] Scrutiny
Turned over to the Magisters Vigilant for testing, which is likely to be painful but at least should be quick.
[ ] [BARBITUS] Interrogation
Intervene personally, and spend several days interrogating and studying him to see if you can determine if he has succumbed or thrown off the influence of the Chaos Gods. Will take up an action.
[ ] [BARBITUS] Nothing
- Allow Barbitus to continue his Journeying unimpeded, with nothing more than a note in his file for an eye to be kept on him in the future.
[ ] [BARBITUS] No recommendation
- Leave the matter in Egrimm's hands.
[ ] [BARBITUS] Other (write in)


Will you leave the Expedition in a week's time when you reach Fort Straghov, or stick with it for another two weeks until Praag?

[ ] [DEPART] Part ways at Fort Straghov
[ ] [DEPART] Remain with the Expedition until Praag


The four with the most votes will be chosen - or three, if Interrogation wins the Barbitus vote.

Spend time getting to know...
[ ] Head Ranger Snorri Farstrider
[ ] Preceptor Joerg von Zavstra
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart the Younger
[ ] Asarnil the Dragonlord
[ ] Deathfang
[ ] Ice Crone Ljiljana
[ ] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[ ] Citharus, Barbitus, and Timpania
[ ] Magister Michel Solmann
[ ] Journeyman Cyrston von Danling
[ ] Journeywoman Alexandra Kohler

Become involved with:
[ ] Ranging far ahead of the convoy
- With the Knights of Taal's Fury
[ ] Scouting near the convoy
- With the Winter Wolves

Other:
[ ] Be ready to use Rite of Way should it prove necessary
[ ] Attempt to make contact with the Baersonlings
- The Norscan tribe that calls the area you'll soon be travelling through home. They are known for their bravery and their golden hair.
[ ] Attempt to scout the Skaven stronghold of Hell Pit
[ ] Attempt to find the Norse Dwarf outpost of Kraka Ravnvake



- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- The decision as to whether Mathilde leaves the Expedition at Fort Straghov is entirely one about whether you want two more turns of Expedition or to wrap it up after this coming turn. From that point on it will be in friendly territory and will be able to get everyone home safe, whether Mathilde is there or not.
  </body>
</html>