<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 35 Results - 2487 - Part 3</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 35 Results - 2487 - Part 3</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results and unfinished business



Voting results

[*] [ARM] Johann
[*] [THOREK] Both

Unfinished business:
-[*] MAX: Go through every library of the Colleges you can access for any scrap of information about Waystones.
-[*] EIC: Have a blackpowder factory built in Wurtbad.
-[*] SERENITY: Observations of Karag Dum and its unusual guardian



"It seems that quite often of late, I'm given a choice between multiple worthy causes and forced to choose between them," you say to Thorek. "Happily, here and now there's nothing stopping me from supporting both these courses of actions."

"Aye?" he says cautiously.

"I won't claim to know the Dwarven soul well enough to pinpoint the problems with the Karaz Ankor, but everyone who's heard the echoes inside Karaz-a-Karak knows that the status quo isn't working. Changes are needed, and you're held in high regard by Dwarves I trust the opinion of, so if you're willing to start making what you think are the correct changes, I'm willing to throw my support behind you. Doubly so if you're willing to reciprocate."

He gives you a long, searching look. "Then we have an understanding," he finally says. "One that I hope will be to the betterment of both our peoples." He extends his hand and you shake it gladly.

Truth be told, you're wary of the amount of strife Thorek might cause within the Runesmiths Guild with your testimony to use as a casus belli. But while you might hesitate to empower him in this way in a vacuum, as a price for a partnership with such a respected and knowledgeable Runelord for what could be such an important project, it's one you're willing to pay.

---

With the deal struck, the paper you had already planned to write on the matter of the Karag Dum now needs to serve double duty, as the stakes are too high to risk sabotaging yourself by saying one thing to the Dwarves and another to the Colleges. Instead of focusing entirely on the observations you took of the terrain around Karag Dum and the actions and aura of Cor-Dum, you will need to properly contextualize the matter in the history of Karag Dum's conflict with their southern kin, including the tensions within the Cult of Thungni - but without overstepping cultural boundaries and being seen to be openly meddling in Dwarven affairs.

Karag Dum: the Third Schism of the Karaz Ankor

You spend quite some time staring at that title on an otherwise blank sheet of paper, constantly being distracted from trying to write the paper by second-guessing it. It's definitely punchy, but Cython's speculation about the Dwarves makes you wonder if the Karaz Ankor shouldn't itself be considered a schism in the first place, and there's also a question about whether Karaz Ghumzul or the other 'Hill Dwarves' might have counted. But in the end you force yourself to forge forward. A bad title on a written paper is still better than a perfect title on no paper at all, and it certainly gets the point across.

The paper you end up writing departs from your usual habits of sticking to the facts at first and venturing into the speculation later, as the facts won't achieve the necessary result unless they are properly contextualized. It's very narrative, hovering somewhere between a journal, a memoir, and an adventure story that hits on the notable events of the Expedition and the conversations you had with and about Borek. The climax of the story is, of course, the revelation of Cor-Dum, and Borek's unsurprised and resigned reaction to his home's new guardian, and said guardian's reaction to Borek's approach.

"We did the best we could. When it comes time to tell the rest of the Karaz Ankor what has become of us, please tell them that as well. May the Ancestors forgive us."

You find yourself hoping that telling his story in this way would, in some way, fulfil Borek's last request of you.

After all that, the recital of all your measurements and observations taken at Karag Dum itself in an appendix feels rather prosaic, which is probably a description that has applied very few times in the past to anything related to the Shadowgave. The attribution gives you some trouble as you owe some credit to a great many people, though you're sure having so many respected names, ranks and titles attached to the account will help lend it heft.

[Karag Dum: the Third Schism of the Karaz Ankor, including Observations on the Shadowgave, 2487. Subject: Unique, +3. Insight: Shattering, +3. Delivery: Competent, +0. Exotic, +1. Unpopular, -1. Shared Credit, -1. Total: 5.]

---

Johann runs his golden fingers over the equally golden surface of the arm. "Explain why you think this is a good idea," he says to you, caution and curiosity warring in his tone.

"Okay," you say, "we're sure this is a prosthetic. Compare the shoulder joint to the finger joints - the shoulder joint is an anatomically humanoid ball-and-socket joint, but the finger joints are hinge instead of condyloid, giving them a wider range of movement. For both artistic and war-statue purposes you'd use the same kind of joint in both, the only reason that makes sense for why you'd have one anatomical and one not is if the anatomical one is supposed to interface with a flesh-and-blood body. And speaking of which," you direct his attention to the shoulder ball, "actually, you might be better able to see this than me and Egrimm could. Do you see the separate metal in the ball?"

"Do you not?" he replies, running a fingertip over the ball.

"Not easily. Our conclusion is that it's a Hysh-conductive metal, which would be used to allow the arm's mechanisms to interface directly with the body's own control mechanisms - and since it's a prosthetic that would be so drastically attached to the wearer, it would need to be safe for long-term use, which means it would have to use that, it couldn't send a tendril of Hysh through the body to the brain without nasty long-term effects."

"It seems like you're building a lot of assumptions on whoever made this being competent."

"There's a couple of reasons for that. Have you noticed the material?"

"Mostly gold," he says, scratching at it with a fingernail and then frowning at it. "Mostly. Huh. It's hard for a gold-based alloy."

"Very hard. We had to chisel off samples to test it. And the Hysh stored inside it is very well-isolated, even Chamon is repelled enough to not try to sink into the material. So the material and aethyric sciences applied are unknown to us and rather sophisticated, so it feels like baseline competence can be assumed."

"What's the worst-case scenario?"

"If whoever made it was actually complete garbage at everything except material sciences and that specific aethyric technique, we lop it back off and reattach your original arm, which we'll be keeping on ice. I'll be observing the entire time, so I'll be able to spot any misbehaving energies and I'll have a Regrowth-based enchantment ready."

"Okay, so we're at the point where this isn't a stupid idea. What makes it a good idea?"

"There's a lot more Hysh inside than would be needed for a prosthetic enchantment, and presumably it does something through the palm. Considering how sharp the fingers are, some sort of weapon is likely. As you've observed the alloy is very strong, and the joints have shown a lot of resistance to external forces, which we think would translate directly to strength once it's active. And if it does turn out to be a downgrade, we can remove it and reattach the original and we'll still have gathered a lot of information about how it works. That's a paper in itself, and an extremely interesting line of research if Egrimm can reverse-engineer the mechanism it uses to interface with the body."

"I do like getting my name on papers without having to actually write any of them," he says thoughtfully. "And the actual attaching?"

"The Colleges can recommend properly-accredited Barber-Surgeons that have experience with working with our sort of thing."

Johann runs his fingers over the claws of the golden hand, and then flinches away and then looks at the drop of blood beading at his fingertip. "I do like the idea of upgrading," he says, "and I am running out of ways to do so through the tried-and-tested methods. This may not be strictly wise, but it would definitely be interesting."

"Like looting and demolishing a Skryre laboratory under a sleeping dragon."

The two of you exchange grins, and Johann raps his knuckles against the golden arm. "Okay, I'm convinced. Let's do it."

---

The procedure itself is surprisingly distressing. Oh, the Barber-Surgeon is perfectly accommodating, professional, and hygienic, and the detachment of the original arm goes off without a hitch. But though you've seen a great deal worse on quite a few battlefields, seeing the same sort of thing performed in a clean and well-lit room by a man who whistles as he works manages to slip past your callouses and leave you feeling quite light-headed. Johann has no such troubles, as Panoramia had supplied a draught with a bit more heft than the traditional laudanum tincture and he was quite thoroughly absent from the entire situation.

Once the detached arm stops dripping, it's swathed in cloth and a runner takes it to the Gold College for it to be safely stored in their ice house, and the prosthetic is introduced to the now-exposed socket. It nestles into place reassuringly, but if you were hoping for something more dramatic to indicate that you were on the right track, you're disappointed. You take a breath, centre yourself, and concentrate your Magesight on the area until you finally see a wiggle of Hysh as a faint tendril wraps itself around what you assume to be the nerve braid. Reassured, you take a seat on the far side of the room as the Barber-Surgeon stitches the wound closed as best he can around the prosthetic.

You check in regularly over the next few days, and healing seems to be surprisingly rapid, though you're not sure whether to ascribe this to some property of the prosthetic, or as a result of the superior qualities of Johann's still-gilded shoulder. By the time Johann is up and moving the prosthetic seems firmly anchored. It's yet to respond to any conscious thoughts, but it doesn't quite dangle limply either - it hangs by his side in a neutral position, the claws (which have been safely sheathed in leather) keeping a safe distance from his legs as he moves around. Something about this drives Johann into the academic landscape, and when next he emerges it's with citations from the vaults of the Great Library - where the Verenans keep books that the other Cults might object to, which usually means the Sigmarites but in this case means the Morrites, who take issue not so much with anatomical knowledge as they do with the measures taken to acquire that knowledge in the first place.

"I think this arm is female," he says to you, showing you an array of diagrams and references.

You look down at them for long enough for it to seem like you're taking it in. "Interesting," you say. "Walk me through your logic."

"Carrying angle," he says, pointing. "It's the resting angle of the arm, so that it doesn't collide with the hips as you walk. If you look-" he stands straight, letting his functional arm rest by his side. "Compare my normal arm to my new one. I think it might have been designed to clear wider hips."

"Or it might have been designed to keep from shredding your thigh with the razor-sharp claws," you point out. "Still, that would indicate it might have been designed for a human rather than a lizard, which I suppose would foil Egrimm's theory that it was from the New World. I suppose that would leave the East - Ind and Cathay are known for strange magics and fine goldsmithing. Any control or sensation yet?"

"Pins and needles, though I can't tell if it's phantom pain or from the prosthetic itself. But it would take time for the shoulder joint to heal around the prosthetic, it makes sense it would be dormant until that happens."

You nod. "Well, we'll keep your old arm on ice in case it stays dormant, but for now you seem to be in a state to head back to work."

"Wrestling is probably out of the question," Johann says. "Fencing, maybe? Javelins? We'll think of something."

"Getting along with Kadoh, I take it?"

He nods. "He's pleasant company, and I'm picking up the language fairly well."

"Glad to hear it."

---

Returning from Altdorf with you is Maximilian, who has been busily scouring the libraries of Altdorf for any trace of Waystone information, and you read through his notes on the gyrocopter ride to Middenheim and have him fill you in verbally in the relative quiet of the trip into Laurelorn. "The Amethysts, Brights, and Celestials were helpful," he reports, "though they didn't have much more information than the Gold library - scraps and speculations and a lot of horror stories. The Amethysts did have a partial map of the Sylvanian Waystones, however. Your Order was mysterious about it, but let me peruse a few volumes - same sort of thing as the others, really. The Ambers... well, you know what they're like. The fellow I talked to said they know where most of them are in the Empire if you need to know, but that you probably didn't."

"Understandable. That leaves the Lights and Jades - let me guess, they stonewalled you?"

"Sort of. They hemmed and hawed and let me go through their lower-level libraries, but they didn't even have the surface-level information the other Orders had in them."

"Which means they definitely know something and they're not sharing. Which I expected of the Jades, but the Lights I only suspected. That tells us where to look, and which arms to twist. Good work, Max."

"But I didn't really find anything," he objects.

"There were eight Orders who might have known something, you reduced that to two." Unless one of those other six were sneaky enough to have plausible-seeming basic information in their libraries to convince anyone searching that that was all there was to be found. You could see that of the Grey Order, of course, and the Celestials could be circuitous like that when they needed to be... but you didn't need to tell Max that, and it was true that this gave you firm evidence that the Light Order was worth a further look. And the basic materials he had borrowed and copied from the Orders would serve as good introductory reading for anyone.

Also coming back to Laurelorn with you is the latest round of reports from the EIC and the Hochlander, including the breaking ground of the blackpowder factory in Wurtbad. You didn't foresee any problems with this and none materialized - Nuln does sometimes object to anywhere else getting in on the business of firepower, but they're not silly enough to try that when the factory is being built in the capital of a province currently at war. The rest of the business of the EIC seems to be ticking along nicely, but you are seeing some new city names pop up, most of them in southern Middenland. Perhaps a natural development from the existing presence in Altdorf and Talabecland, but perhaps Wilhelmina is expecting you to create new trading opportunities for her to jump upon. Perhaps she'd be right.

Within all this day-to-day news is something a tad alarming - Ostermark seems to be partially mobilizing again, this time in the north. Rumour has it there's some sort of trouble in the Shirokij Forest, and whatever it is seems to be threatening to spill over the Talabec. This sort of regional disturbance is just a regular part of life in the Empire, and hopefully it's something that can be stamped out cooperatively between Ostermark and Kislev instead of causing tensions. The silver lining to all of this is it turns Ostermarker eyes northwards, away from the operations of the EIC.



Thus concludes the work Mathilde performed these past months, but not every waking moment was filled with work. With whom did she spend her free time? The five with the most votes will be chosen, not counting those locked in.

[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)

Laurelorn
[ ] Egrimm, to try to sound out more information about the Alric situation.
[ ] Vicarius Galenstra, to get to know him and his Ward.
[ ] Thorek Ironbrow, to witness the arrival of the first Dwarf in Tor Lithanel for over four thousand years.

Karak Eight Peaks
[ ] Belegar, to discuss who has been made Loremaster after you.
[ ] Gretel, who's apparently spending her newly-earned wealth to make herself at home.
[ ] The Karak Azul Architects, to get involved in the design of your Library in detail.
[ ] Qrech, who is putting the finishing touches on his tome on the Chaos Dwarves.

Foreign Relations
[ ] Stirland, to see for yourself how the war against Sylvania is progressing.
[ ] Middenland, to see how the Ulricans are going with their new Eonir coreligionists.
[ ] Ostermark, because you're curious about this Shirokij business.

Friends Abroad
[ ] Roswita, to get a sense for who will control Sylvania after you turned down the position.
[ ] Julia, to see what she has gotten up to as Stirland's most experienced spy master.

Following Up
[ ] The Amber College, to check in on the salamanders.
[ ] The Gold College, to see what's become of their research into Skaven technology.
[ ] Follow up on your donation of the Skaven organ-vat, and see what has been made of it.
[ ] Pay a visit to your fief, to see if anything has changed. It probably hasn't.


- There will be a three hour moratorium, to allow for suggestions for additions to the above. If you have any, please share them, even if it's after the moratorium has ended.
- The Ostermark business is a social action instead of a normal one because it is absurdly far removed from being Mathilde's problem. Take it as WoQM that the only reason to investigate would be curiosity.
  </body>
</html>