<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 23: Ashen Flight (Part Two)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 23: Ashen Flight (Part Two)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan: Those Who Hunt Eldar</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan: Those Who Hunt Eldar<br/>
-[X] Lead Your Chapter<br/>
--[X] Assign 14 New Battle Brothers To Companies<br/>
---[X] 7 to 4th Company<br/>
---[X] 7 to 5th Company<br/>
--[X] Test and attempt to audition Fourth Company Champion from among the 1st Company Veteran Sergeants seconded to it.<br/>
--[X] Promote 5 Veteran 4th Company Marines to Sergeants. If no 1st Company Veteran Sergeant was selected as Company Champion, then return one of the 1st Company Sergeants back to the 1st Company.<br/>
--[X] Promote 10 Veteran 5th Company Marines to Sergeants.<br/>
---[X] Return 6 1st Company Veteran Sergeants from 5th Company to 1st Company<br/>
--[X] Name And Assign Unnamed Strike Cruiser<br/>
---[X] <i>Legacy of Polonius</i><br/>
---[X] Assign to 4th Company Fleet<br/>
--[X] Assign x8 Thunderhawks (x8 Gunships) Within Chapter Fleet<br/>
---[X] x4 to new 4th Company Strike Cruiser<br/>
---[X] x1 to 1st Company Battle Barge Omnis Arcanum<br/>
---[X] x1 to 4st Company Battle Barge Scientia Est Potentia<br/>
---[X] x2 to 5th Company Battle Barge Litany of Fury<br/>
--[X] Use 1 Minor Favor to gain 8 Thunderhawks (8 gunships) from Governor Derosa<br/>
--[X] Derosa's Request - Talon-Squad<br/>
--[X] Korianis Hunting - Eldar - Chapter Leadership, 1st Company + 1st Company Fleet, 4th Company + 4th Company Fleet, 10th Company + 10th Company Fleet and unassigned specialists, heavy support from the Librarium to locate the Eldar<br/>
--[X] Korianis Defending - Eldar - 5th Company + 5th Company Fleet<br/>
--[X] Inquire with Forge World Zerann about work for Turn 24 (055-060.M42) for the accumulation of favors for usage requisitioning Thunderhawks, Frigates, and/or Destroyers<br/>
-[X] Training<br/>
--[X] Chapter Main: Ballistic Skill with Hadrian<br/>
--[X] Chapter Secondary: Weapon Skill with Apollo Diomedes<br/>
--[X] Chapter Secondary: Strength with Hannibal Palrun<br/>
-[X] Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (90 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (3 Total) with Gene-Seed. - 93 Total<br/>
--[X] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. - 114 Gene-Seed<br/>
--[X] Reserve 52 Gene-Seed (20%) for Tithe<br/>
-[X] Chief Librarian<br/>
--[X] 2x The Raven's Aegis [100 BP]<br/>
-[X] Forge [575 BP Total]<br/>
--[X] Scout Armor x63 [504 BP]<br/>
--[X] Repairs<br/>
---[X] Damaged Predator from Z04Y [50 BP]<br/>
--[X] Relic Construction<br/>
---[X] Scout Armor for Cyrus Octavius [20 BP]<br/>
--[X] Construct Forge Facilities On The Howling Hatred [1 BP]<br/>
-[X] Master of Recruits<br/>
--[X] Enact Blood Trials Upon Two Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
<br/>
Note, much of this will be collected/performed/tallied at end of Turn. Focus is on the Hunt, for now.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Ashen Flight<br/>
+050.M42+ To +055.M42+<br/>
+<i>To The End, Always+</i></b>​</div><br/>
The hololith flickered, but maintained a substantially clear image of both Phokas and Theodosia. Or rather, a flat square symbol signifying the latter, as to try and fit her dreadnought-sized chassis into the image would have strained it beyond functionality.<br/>
<br/>
“Are you aware of the Argante Station incident, Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
“No,” Gabriel shook his head, “But I assume I am about to be informed of it.”<br/>
<br/>
“During the Gothic War, one of the eldar ship-type known as ‘Shadow-class was captured remarkably intact. It was undergoing study at Argante Station by the Adeptus Mechanicus and Imperium, together, when a fleet of eldar emerged and destroyed not just the captured vessel but the station and all of its defenders,” Phokas recited flatly, yet even then one could hear the emotion that was muted by his mechanical voice.<br/>
<br/>
“A desperate maneuver by their cowardly race,” Thedosia’s square booms, “For they knew that should we unlock the secrets of their ships, we would destroy their misbegotten race all the sooner!”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel glanced at the angrily vibrating square that represented the Magos Prime of Aerus, before looking back towards the Fabricator of Zerann.<br/>
<br/>
“And now that we are hunting the Eldar, you wish us to try to capture their vessels for study?”<br/>
<br/>
“THE BETTER TO DESTROY THEM!” Theodosia booms.<br/>
<br/>
Phokas may have replaced his face with a metallic plate, throat and mouth wholly replaced, a trio of mechanical sensors and cameras instead of eyes, but the strange noise that comes from him now is nothing less than a sigh. Gabriel raised an eyebrow at him, but said nothing more.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes. In exchange, we would be more than willing to discuss terms of replacing your fleet’s losses.”<br/>
<br/>
The Chapter Master rubbed at his chin for a moment before shaking his head.<br/>
<br/>
“If we can, we will, but I cannot promise anything.”<br/>
<br/>
Phokas bowed deeply, hands folded behind his back.<br/>
<br/>
“I understand, of course. They are fragile ships after all, if deadly. I would not demand that the Blood Ravens needlessly sacrifice their lives for filthy alien technologies.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================​</div><br/>
“I would have thought you would protest this deployment,” Cyrus murmured as they headed out to their separate ships.<br/>
<br/>
The thunderhawks continued to shudder and lift off, rapidly shifting what marines the Blood Ravens possessed to their ships after the Chapter Master’s speech upon the decks of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>. The two captains, not quite-friends, but brothers still, walked towards their own separate transports. Cyrus’ cybernetic eye carefully tracked the marshalling of the various neophytes and scouts under his command, while the other looked at Tarkus. Who, for his part, remained silent instead of immediately responding. The larger, yet younger, yet more weathered captain eventually shook his head as his armor thumped against the metal floor.<br/>
<br/>
“I would prefer to go with you on the hunt, but I know the value of dedicating the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to defending the worlds of the Imperium,” Tarkus glowered, “They may rest assured that the eldar will not find such easy targets any longer. And consider this, Cyrus,” his face twisted into a malicious grin, “If they come to us, I do not have to waste fuel and supplies on a chase.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus snorted, but the time had come. Both looked at one another, nodding but once, and then they separated towards their thunderhawks and the fleet of each company. Tarkus raised his bolter high, and that was enough to gain the attention of every marine that served under him. They turned, as one, some standing from the weapon crates they had sat upon, to hear his words. Elsewhere, the long train of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company paused, only some of them noticing as their Captain slipped in amongst them, those that failed noted down for further training.<br/>
<br/>
“Brothers, we go! We go to become shields against the void, against those that would prey on humanity! But we are the Emperor’s Angels of Death, and it is they who are the prey, now!”<br/>
<br/>
Fists slammed to ceramite, while the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company watched on with awe at what they could become marshaled before them. Cyrus let them have it, the better to motivate them later on when they battled against the alien threat – should they find them at all. Others, he noted with approval, continued to move on regardless. Those of his scouts who had more experience, more knowledge, and were less prone to being struck with awe continued to march into the thunderhawks. Good. Awe was a pointless emotion at best, an active detriment on operations at worst.<br/>
<br/>
“Let None Find Us Wanting!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>
<br/>
[Piercing The Veil – Psyker Attempts:37 vs. 64]<br/>
[Piercing The Veil – Technological Attempts: 42 vs. 61]<br/>
[Defending The Sector – 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company: 56 vs. 84]​</div><br/>
And so the Blood Ravens set out. They searched the void, breaching the perimeters of solar systems before moving on, the Librarius honed to a fine point by their Chief Libarian. Justinius Probalis saw little of this, consumed as he was with the scrying rituals that he undertook. Within the depths of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, the currents of the warp twisted and aligned before him, before scattering all over again. Lexicanum and Codiciers muttered, joining the strength of their minds and souls, transforming themselves from targets for daemons and instead became arcing beacons, from ship to ship. They blazed in the warp, piercing the veil put up before them. And there was a veil, beyond the skein of daemons looking to catch the unwary, through the natural wall that as space and time and further yet. There was a veil, hanging like a spider’s web yet barbed with infused spikes of codified emotion, spite turned outward and given form yet formless.<br/>
<br/>
It was magnificent. The views of astropaths, the distant golden light of Terra, all of this passed over it without pausing, without the eddies and blockages, the fogging of the sight of those who saw beyond sight. A fine working indeed, the madmen, the sanctioned psykers, and more alike failed to spy its existence simply because it existed alongside rather than in front or behind. None of the Lexicanum could possibly find it, but they added their comparatively meager strength to those above them. Single droplets of blood fell from Justinius’ eyes, multicolored tears that were vaporized before they had even fallen a foot from his face. And yet, despite his strength, despite his power, he could not grasp the veil which hung over his sight, the veil that only could truly be known for what it guarded. This angered him.<br/>
<br/>
Severely.<br/>
<br/>
But in the end, it would not come from the works of the Librarius. Nor would it be the stringent auspex scans of their ships, the technological power of humanity faltering despite Martellus and his students’ best attempts. And attempts there were, attempts to infuriate a techpriest had there been any present. They tweaked and tested, adjusted and worked, coaxing their machines as best they could. But the Machine Spirits, whether cooperating or not, could not seem to produce any better results. Only ghosts found them, ghosts which were silent or laughed at their foolishness, ghosts that had to be ignored. The ships thundered across the Sector, back and forth, providing their own presence in systems for but days or weeks before disappearing again. None could stop this, of course, no matter how discomforted they were by the arrival of the Blood Ravens, while others took some comfort in that at least one of the fleets remained slower moving, preparing for a battle that for all they knew might not even come.<br/>
<br/>
Instead, it would be the eldar who struck first, with speed and alien sorcery.<br/>
<br/>
Over the world Alanara, which had once been held by the eldar known as Exodites, they came. Half of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet had begun departure procedures, the apertures into the warp opening, when the eldar ships revealed themselves. First and most damaged was the Nova Frigate, its weaponry disabled by precision pulsar lance fire, while the Shadow-class cruisers flanked the strike cruisers of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. With the rest of the Chapter fleets dispersed and searching the rest of the sector, the chapter’s gambit of dividing their strength was thoroughly taken advantage of. There were no grand proclamations spoken across the vox, only silent fury from the eldar who fired without pause upon the ships of the Blood Ravens. Shields flickered and failed in certain sectors, allowing long scores to be dragged into the metal of all but the <i>Litany of Fury</i> itself. And while the messages were sent out, desperately, the rest of the Chapter were in Subsector Krasus at the moment, not Aralakh. And so the battle was fought, then and there.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================​</div><br/>
<b>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet vs. Eldar Corsair Fleet<br/>
88 vs. 11</b><br/>
<br/>
“Turn and charge them,” Tarkus boomed even as he headed for the teleportarium. “Adjust flanks to present the strongest shielding and armor against the destroyers! Status on the <i>Noble Spear</i>?!”<br/>
<br/>
The vox was flooded utterly with communications, from ship to ship and from thunderhawk to thunderhawk. Filtered communications from dozens of mouths passed across his mind, but he needed only focus on the one, the one meant for him. That, and the vicious joy he felt but did not show as <i>The Great Father's Fist </i>reported that some of their thunderhawks had managed to slam into one of the enemy Hemlock Destroyers, while its breaching pods had penetrated into a second. The fight was not nearly over, but the enemy’s opening strike had not ensured their destruction just <i>yet</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“<i>Noble Spear’s</i> weaponry is heavily damaged, Captain, their lance array is completely inoperable! Luckily the Eldar seem entirely focused on the Battle Barge. No sign of the Void Stalker battleship – wait, I think it’s appearing!”<br/>
<br/>
Of course, only now, once the Blood Ravens had adjusted their ships to present against the foe, had the Eldar played their trump card.<br/>
<br/>
“It’s past us, it’s attacking the planet, transports are heading for the surface!”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus grit his teeth, torn for a moment between one course and the next, before he sighed and made his decision. He stepped forward into the teleportarium, causing the servitor’s head to twist about and look towards him. Behind him came many more of his chapter, though now they knew they would be heading to a different target than intended.<br/>
<br/>
“Destination?”<br/>
<br/>
“The surface,” Tarkus boomed, sealing his helmet into his armor, the rest of his brothers doing the same. “Same place the xeno are heading.”<br/>
<br/>
For a long, painful few seconds the servitor processed the request before jerkily turning back to the console, five arms and ten-fingered hands dancing across the surface. The <i>Litany of Fury</i> shuddered as the Shadows outside continued to fire on it, the venerable battle barge pushing itself into shielding position over the more vulnerable ships of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, all the while the strike cruisers fought on against their own foes.<br/>
<br/>
“Location locked: PDF Base. Designation: Nonessential. Processing, teleport protocol 783, beginning,” it droned out, flecks of dried blood beneath its eyes marked by sanguine anew as it struggled to calculate. “Starting, piercing the skein, mark.”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus grit his teeth, and felt his brothers around him do the same. Not all of them might emerge, but he could do nothing more than trust in the Machine Spirits, and have faith that the <i>Litany of Fury</i> would perform as well as it possibly could.<br/>
<br/>
“Three.”<br/>
<br/>
Cheering erupted on the vox as a boarding party disabled another Hemlock Destroyer, while another spoke in panic of xeno boarders on the <i>Rage of Erudition</i>. From here, he could hear the howls of Screaming Banshees, and let the fury in, the pure hatred for the alien fill him.<br/>
<br/>
“Two.”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus breathed in deeply, and muttered beneath his breath.<br/>
<br/>
“Let none find us wanting.”<br/>
<br/>
“One.”<br/>
<br/>
The universe began to fizzle and pop around them, accompanied by a chorus of screams and laughter.<br/>
<br/>
“Mark.”<br/>
<br/>
Time became space, and space became time. They hurtled as one, a litany of faith and fury on their lips, upwards through the immaterium yet downwards through realspace, flesh and ceramite bubbling but not.<br/>
<br/>
<b>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet vs. Eldar Corsair Fleet<br/>
94 vs. 42<br/>
Teleporting Deep Strike<br/>
65 – No Losses, Forces Somewhat Scattered<br/>
5th Company Land Forces vs. Eldar Raiders<br/>
33 vs. 35</b><br/>
<br/>
As in orbit, upon the earth below, explosions reigned for a few brief moments. Tarkus simultaneously was exposed to the raw stuff of the Warp, and it he, but then the moment passed and the eldar before him were revealed. Deathdealer snarled in his hands as he fired, the rest of his brothers present unleashing their weapons on the disembarking eldar. Further in the back, a pair of transports sped down the mountain paths, firing all the while at the already horribly scattered PDF. A single blast of orbital bombardment, and the PDF base was in shambles. His mind processed all of this, and more. A mountainous region, the base split open down the middle, the eldar landing amidst yet sending more troops further on.<br/>
<br/>
“Bring them all down brothers, but stay in cover!”<br/>
<br/>
One marine, newly promoted, did not heed his warning fast enough, and he was forced to drag them down. It was not fast enough to prevent the first salvo of ranger rifles slamming through his shoulders and chest, but not enough to be fatal. As the marine gurgled indignantly, his second heart pumping in overdrive now that his main heart had been shot out of his chest, Tarkus sighed. Priming a grenade, he leapt over the fallen pile of permacrete and accepted the salvos which struck against him, and continued forward, tossing the grenade beneath the belly of a falcon transport. On the other side, a quartet of eldar guardians found their legs removed by the explosion of shrapnel.<br/>
<br/>
High above, yet another Hemlock was boarded, its small crew slaughtered by but five marines, while the strike cruisers combined their fire on one of the Shadows. The Void Stalker turned, its tremendous firepower almost blinding in the void, but it could not yet pierce the shield and hull of the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, her entire bulk a bulwark, managing to maneuver and cut off the greatest of the enemy vessels from the rest of its brethren.<br/>
<br/>
<b>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company vs. Eldar Raiders<br/>
51 vs. 75<br/>
43 vs. 73</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus bellowed his fury as he advanced, some of his brothers managing to do so with him, firing without pause all the while. Even as one marine’s head snapped back, twin rifle shots from the eldar rangers present slaying them instantly, he did not stop his charge. Finally, at the end, he upped his speed and leapt upon the hated alien, cracking one’s head open with the butt of his bolter, combat knife stabbing into the heart of another. The rangers, he knew, were fleeing before him, abandoning the guardians lest they be killed as well. Around him the PDF were practically a nonentity in the fight, their shots missing or hitting armor or shields, their meagre armors punctured with ease. It would be wholly up to the Blood Ravens to win this fight. More and more of the eldar were disappearing back towards the paths, fleeing before the crushing fist of the space marines.<br/>
<br/>
In the void, the remainder of the Hemlocks fell silent, their guns ceasing to fire, their engines ceasing to flare. Thunderhawks raced back to carry their occupants onto a new fight, while one of the Shadows finally began to crack and fall apart. At the same time, the strike cruisers were forced once more to flee around the sides of their battle barge, shields broken and ships taking cursory damage to the hull. The enemy battleship was incredibly fast, however, and pursued them, flanking and changing its elevation to rise above and below. Such was its arsenal that it was more than comfortable firing upon all three ships at once, while its own defensive systems ensured that return fire was far less capable. The 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company’s own meagre escorts were destroyed as well, the Nova Frigate destroyed completely, the Hunter Destroyer’s structure cracked open like an egg.<br/>
<br/>
<b>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company vs. Eldar Raiders<br/>
25 vs. 69<br/>
82 vs. 31</b><br/>
<br/>
Another brother fell, though the banshee that slew him was rent apart by chainsword. One Blood Raven beat an eldar dark reaper to death with the stumps of his own arms, relentless despite losing his hands and forearms to that same dark reaper’s merciless weaponry. Tarkus finally sighted the damn ranger pair, but even as he set his sights on them they flickered out of sight once more. The fight raged all around him, less and less eldar present than before, but the fight still refusing to improve. The transports had come back from wherever they had disappeared to, but instead of disappearing they fought on. Growling, he readied a krak grenade and made his move.<br/>
<br/>
This time, the ambushing ships failed. Damion, while not skilled in the same strengths of his Chief Librarian, was still an Epistolary of the Blood Ravens. He had sensed the souls on approach, for too close were they now for the veil by which they had thus far concealed themselves from psyker sight. As such, when the trio of Aconites appeared, the <i>Litany of Fury</i> fired upon them with its bombardment cannon, the shells guided not by the auspex and sensors of the ship but by the Librarian’s direction. As such, one was simply blown apart as it dropped its holofield, a second was damaged enough that boarding parties could slam into its sides without issue, and the third simply turned about to try and flee before the bombardment cannon fired again and destroyed its solar sails and sublight engines, engulfing the tiny vessel’s rear in flames.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================<br/>​</div>The bridge of the <i>Ascendant Star</i> was in chaos. The Corsair Prince and his own guards dominated half, while the damned Farseer and her own followers dominated the other. The throne in the center had been cut in twain by their minor aborted duel, while those that were dedicated to keeping the ship actually in the fight struggled to perform their duties despite everything else. Lantyr snarled at the bitch, whose face remained completely concealed by her helm. A thin line of blood dripped from his cheek, while she held a hand against the weeping wound that his own blade had inflicted on her hip.<br/>
<br/>
“We are leaving,” he insisted, “We have taken more casualties and losses here in one battle than in the <i>entirety </i>of my rule over the Rim Stalkers!”<br/>
<br/>
Even though he couldn’t see her face, he could <i>feel</i> the sneer on the Biel-Tan bitch’s face.<br/>
<br/>
“Not yet, the World Spirit’s remains are not yet fully through the webway gates,” the Farseer hissed. “Besides, did you not want a <i>challenge</i>? You have been complaining for years now about a real fight, rather than the merchants and outposts that I guided you to.”<br/>
<br/>
Lantyr’s face purpled with fury, a vein visibly pulsing on his forehead.<br/>
<br/>
“I have lost a third of my entire fleet, and only because <i>you</i> kept us from bringing our full strength to bear!”<br/>
<br/>
“Scattering instead of presenting a single target for the Blood Ravens was the right course!”<br/>
<br/>
Mestela gestured with her singing spear towards the viewing screens.<br/>
<br/>
“Would you <i>prefer</i> that the whole of their fleet was right there, crushing us to pieces from all sides? Far be it for <i>me</i> to assume that the ‘great’,” she spat the word, “Prince Lantyr, the Void Ripper, would struggle so greatly!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company vs. Rim Stalkers<br/>
13 vs. 72<br/>
99 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
If it weren’t so infuriating, Lantyr would have relished in the stumbling of the Farseer, and that of her followers. So unused to proper combat, they couldn’t even handle minor collisions. But he could not enjoy it, because he knew exactly what it meant for his beloved ship to shudder as it had. The psychically reactive circuits throughout the ship were intimately connected to him, and as such even before the words were spoken he had felt the pain.<br/>
<br/>
“Pulsar lance battery two offline!"<br/>
<br/>
Then, before he could even respond to that, another of the crew spoke up.<br/>
<br/>
"They’ve boarded the <i>Tear of Blades</i>! Captain Caerlath is dead!”<br/>
<br/>
For the first time since beginning their partnership, he heard uncertainty in Mestela’s voice.<br/>
<br/>
“What? But that’s impossible – they can’t have-,”<br/>
<br/>
Snarling, he turned towards the pilots.<br/>
<br/>
“Get. Us. OUT OF HERE! Tell the troops to abandon the rest of the damned markers, get as many of the soulstones they can, and get back into the ship!”<br/>
<br/>
“No!”<br/>
<br/>
He flipped backwards to dodge the thin whip of lighting sent his way, feet landing on the ceiling of the bridge before leaping forward. His blade slammed into the length of the single warlock that accompanied the Farseer, and even they were pushed back solidly. Rolling his head back to avoid the subsequent return strike that would have decapitated him, he stabbed the blade on the tip of his boot into the warlock’s stomach, twisting and ripping outwards to partially disembowel. The Farseer screeched at the sight, and in fear, as he advanced on her. Around him, his troops finally ceased their inaction, unleashing their own weaponry on the Farseer’s guards, and those of his retinue which had been foolish enough to fall for her schemes. She stumbled slightly, summoning her spear back, but it was not fast nor was she adroit enough to prevent the edge of his blade to rest heavily upon her neck.<br/>
<br/>
“You do not command here, Farseer. We walk the Outcast Path. We are not <i>lapdogs</i> for the Craftworlds to order about! You have clearly forgotten that. We will return to the haven. Our deal is <i>done</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
“But-,”<br/>
<br/>
Lantyr leaned forward slightly, relishing in the blood that dripped off of her neck, glaring down at the shorter eldar.<br/>
<br/>
“But nothing, Farseer. Plunder was had, you got some of your damned World Spirit remains. It is <i>enough</i>. I’ll not lose more of my forces for Biel-Tan, when they were the ones who cast me out!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================<br/>​</div><b>Final Push<br/>
68 vs. 95<br/>
38 vs. 23</b><br/>
<br/>
The webway gate shuddered, and then fell silent, whatever forces that had powered it up once again dissipating once more. Tarkus knew what it meant, and it burned at him to know of his failure. The cavern had been excavated by expedience, and eldar weaponry, and within it he saw around him the remains of the Exodite civilization which had once claimed this world. Faintly glowing obelisks, circles, and more, all of sparkling crystal. But very little of these remained either. Only the least of them were left, and considering the matter and various grooves and ‘absences’ in the cavern, much of what had lain here had been retrieved. No matter that they had slain many an eldar, they had not prevented them from achieving their greater objective, whatever it might result in.<br/>
<br/>
“Destroy this gate. And the rest of this,” he waved at the fallen eldar bodies, the last who had failed to get into the gate, along with their various weapons and armors.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus stomped back out of the cave, gazed at the burning remains of the fallen PDF base, and opened the channel.<br/>
<br/>
“Damion. Tell me you have better news than I.”<br/>
<br/>
“That depends, Captain...,” the Librarian’s voice was cautious.<br/>
<br/>
“I’m not in the mood for jokes, Epistolary.”<br/>
<br/>
He felt, rather than heard, the faint shrugging of the psyker’s pauldrons.<br/>
<br/>
“The rest of the Chapter is on the way, we <i>did</i> manage to capture a few of the eldar ships – don’t know how happy the Mechanicus is going to be, but the Void Stalker managed to escape, and both of our escort ships are gone.”<br/>
<br/>
For a moment, he was seized by unrelenting fury at a single eldar managing to escape his grasp, their treachery allowed to continue for any longer. That yet more good human souls had been lost to them, whether astartes, serf, or otherwise. Then it was gone, beaten down by willpower and the promise to himself that while the battle was done, the chase was not.<br/>
<br/>
“Also…,” Damion’s smile could be somehow heard over the vox, “The veil they were using to block our sight wavered. Whoever was maintaining it had a slip in concentration, if only for a moment. It is enough. I think, with the rest of the Librarius, that we can follow them.”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus didn’t smile, but his lips did do a sort of terrifying quirk that startled one of the newly promoted space marines as they walked past.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Results:</u><br/>
- x1 Nova Frigate, x1 Hunter Destroyer Lost<br/>
- 5 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Blood Raven Marines Slain (x5 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
- 13 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Blood Raven Marines Significantly Injured, Cannot Be Used For Combat Operations This Turn<br/>
- 1 Badly Damaged Shadow-class Cruiser Captured<br/>
- 3 Somewhat-Undamaged Hemlock Destroyers Captured<br/>
- 1 Badly Damaged Hemlock Destroyer Captured<br/>
- 1 Shadow-class Cruiser Destroyed<br/>
- 3 Aconite-class Frigates Destroyed<br/>
- Battle Barge <i>Litany of Fury</i> has taken minor damage across hull. Lost x1 Thunderhawk Transporter, x2 Thunderhawk Gunships<br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>Rage of Erudition</i> has taken significant damage to weapon systems, propulsion unharmed. Damage capabilities reduced, boarding abilities maintained. Lost x1 Thunderhawk Gunships. <br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>The Great Father's Fist </i>has taken significant damage to weapon and shield systems, propulsion unharmed. Lost x2 Thunderhawk Gunships. <br/>
- Remainder of Chapter Fleets Assembling With 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company For Pursuit<br/>
- Warning: Reveal of Aconite-class Frigates means that Eldar Fleet likely exceeds previous estimations of size and compliment! Caution must be had! <br/>
<br/>
<u>Phase 2 (Choose One):</u><br/>
Note: This selection has been written in descending order of how much time it takes before pursuit begins, with the first starting immediately. Consider this when voting. <br/>
<br/>
[] Leave Blood Raven Vessels To Guard Claimed Ships, Remainder Proceed In Pursuit With Librarius Aid (Write-In Ship(s) Left Behind)<br/>
[] Contact Mechanicus For Support, To Claim Vessels, Then Proceed In Pursuit With Librarius Aid<br/>
[] Contact Mechanicus For Support, Both To Claim Vessels And Supplement Fleet, Then Proceed As One In Pursuit With Librarius Aid<br/>
[] Contact Mechanicus And Imperial Navy For Support, To Claim Vessels, Supplement Fleet, Increase Firepower, Then Proceed As One In Pursuit.</b></div>
  </body>
</html>