<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Trouble in Talabheim, Part 6</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Trouble in Talabheim, Part 6</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] With the Longshanks
Patrol the streets of Talabheim with the Longshanks, waiting for Alberich's emergence.

Tally



Altdorf's nightlife has something of a reputation, but Talabheim proves easily its equal. Surrounded as it is by stone cliffs and holy forest one need not fear some unholy terror slipping through a crack in the more modest walls most cities are protected by. The streets at night are free of the fog that so often dominates Altdorf and patrolled by the fiercely dedicated and Ulrican City Watch, a holdover from the Ar-Ulric's interregnum in Talabheim who are too threatened with being subsumed by the Taalite Taalbaston Guard to decay into laziness and corruption like so many others. Though one can occasionally pick out the quiver and leathers that marks a hunter in the crowd, it would be very easy for just about anybody to fade into the crowds of those patronizing the nocturnal industries and slip unseen past the searchers.

A clever quarry would not take this at face value, however. A clever quarry would eventually turn their eyes upwards, and if they have more than mundane senses to see they might spot the roving patch of Ulgu that scans the streets for a period, only to disappear completely and reappear somewhere else. But no matter how keen the senses of the watcher, they can only be in one place at a time, and one need only wait until the presumed architect of this manhunt moves on and then the way will be clear for them to pass unhindered.

[Hunting Alberich: Intrigue, 61+27+10(Windsage)-10(crowds)=88 vs 37+32-10(arrogant)-10(visibly mutated)=49.]

Or so they might think.

While one Grey Wizard hunts from high above and using the signature magic of their Order, a second lurks among one particular crowded street, the only one you can reach from the slums of the Tallows and the warrens of the Ratholds beyond without passing through a Longshank cordon. Even the most suspicious of gazes slides right past her, clad though she is in elements of two groups anathema to the man she seeks, as she is shielded by a power older and greater than that of the Grey Order. None around her suspect that at any moment a Dwarven blade might manifest in her hand, ready to deliver justice to-

Your idle internal monologue is interrupted by the enticingly sweet scent wafting out of the sedan chair passing by you, which turns cloying and sickly in your nose until you have to resist the urge to sneeze. These enclosed litters are quite popular amongst nobles who have business that takes them into streets too narrow for a carriages, and renting them is quite popular amongst nobles who can't afford to buy them but still wish people to think them capable of doing so. For this reason they have a set of hooks upon which their latest customer's heraldry can be hung, and though the hooks are currently bare, sketched onto the cart in charcoal is a skull above a hunting horn. You've heard a lot about the alleged self-destructive nature of Chaos, but someone putting their personal heraldry upon their hiding place while the subject of a manhunt is as pure a demonstration as you're likely to find.

Truth be told, you'd have trailed this sedan chair even without that - it wouldn't even be the first conveyance of the night to draw your attention for an odd smell, though the previous example was merely a noblewoman who had over-perfumed to try to cover up just how many drinks she'd had at the theatre - but that charcoal sketch clinches it. You slip into the wake of the sedan chair and focus your senses until you're able to make out the deeply sullied soul within, and even the odd angle they're sitting at to accommodate their grossly oversized right arm. The porters, as far as you can tell, are not ensorcelled in any way, though it will be the Longshanks' job to determine how they were compelled into taking such a forbidden cargo.

You could act now, though the crowds might make it tricky. Or you could wait, and hope that his course takes him somewhere more advantageous for you, instead of less. You don't know what his plan is to get out of Talabheim tonight, but it could very well involve accomplices.



Kill him
He is a Magus and Daemonologist. He has thoroughly earned death, and is too dangerous to let live.
[ ] Kill: Branulhune
Attack here and now, bisecting both sedan and Magus with a single swing. The crowds will complicate matters, but at least they are a known variable.
[ ] Kill: Shadow Knives
Shadow Knives can pass through armour, so the thin wood of a sedan chair's wall will pose no obstacle. Riddle Alberich with magical knives. If you do it from the right angle the porters might not even notice that their passenger has died.
[ ] Kill: Dragonflask
Wait for the sedan chair to leave the crowd, then subject it to Bright College artifice.
[ ] Kill: Other (write in)

Capture him
Alive he will be the more impressive prize, and he could be convinced to reveal who taught him decades ago and who has sheltered him since. The Longshanks, like all Witch Hunters, have the accoutrements to render a magic-user helpless.
[ ] Capture: Throttle
If you walk alongside the sedan chair, it would be possible to ensnare Alberich with the spell Throttling and choke him unconscious. He might make a fuss while you do so, but the ropes would be very hard to spot in the shadowed street full of milling crowds.
[ ] Capture: Mockery of Death
Or more fully: Shroud of Invisibility, Substance of Shadow, then Mockery of Death. It might be challenging to manage all three spells at once, but done right it will take Alberich by complete surprise and render him completely helpless, and you'll be able to pluck him right out of the sedan chair and let it continue on without him.
[ ] Capture: Reinforcements
Thanks to Wolf, you can actually do a surprisingly convincing howl, which is the signal that will call in three militarized orders of the Cult of Taal. Four, if the Horned Hunters are within earshot. Bring them in and you'll have the numbers to handle any complications.
[ ] Capture: Other (write in)

[ ] Follow
The night is still young. At the end of his current path lies a point at which he will be sandwiched between a Light Wizard and two Grey Wizards, a thoroughly unenviable position for any worshipper of Chaos. You might prefer the range of options you would find there.


- There will be a one hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>