<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part One)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part One)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan: Rearm and Refuel (Alternative)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-[X] Assign Battle Brothers:<br/>
--[X] 25 to 5th Company<br/>
--[X] 20 to 4th Company<br/>
-[X] Assign Veterans To 1st Company<br/>
--[X] 10 5th Company Veterans<br/>
-[X] Assign New Fleet Additions<br/>
--[X] 1st Fleet: 4 Gladius, 2 Hunters, 2 Transports (1x Ravenous Spirit, 1x Spiraling Fury), 9 Gunships (7x Omnis Arcanum, 1x Ravenous Spirit, 1x Spiraling Fury)<br/>
--[X] 4th Fleet: 4 Gladius, 3 Hunters, 2 Novas, 2 Transports (1x Burning Seeker, 1x Legacy of Polonius), 10 Gunships (8x Scientia Est Potentia, 1x Burning Seeker, 1x Legacy of Polonius)<br/>
--[X] 5th Fleet: 3 Gladius, 2 Hunters, 2 Novas, 2 Transports (1x Rage of Erudition, 1x Great Father's Fist), 12 Gunships (7x Litany of Fury, 3x Rage of Erudition, 2x Great Father's Fist)<br/>
--[X] 10th Fleet: 2 Gladius, 1 Nova, 1 Gunship (Faith's Horizon)<br/>
-[X] Korianis Hunting - Greenskins<br/>
--[X] All of the Chapter except 5th Company, heavy support from Chapter Librarium to locate the Orks<br/>
-[X] Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien<br/>
--[X] 10x Veterans (squad formerly assigned to Meridian)<br/>
-[X] Deathwatch Desperation - Dire Demands<br/>
-[X] Assign the freshly constructed Raven Aegis Talismans to Nero Achillian and Justinius Probalis<br/>
-[X] Use 1 Minor Favor to gain 8 Thunderhawks (3 transports, 5 gunships) from Governor Derosa<br/>
-[X] Replace the scout squad on Meridian with 9 fresh scouts and a veteran and if the returning 9 scouts are promoted to full battle brothers, assign them to the 4th Company.<br/>
-[X] Training<br/>
--[X] Chapter Main: Ballistic Skill with Hadrian<br/>
--[X] Chapter Secondary: Strength with Hannibal Palrun<br/>
-[X] Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest At Start Of Next Turn - 100 Gene-seed<br/>
--[X] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (95 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (6 Total) with Gene-seed - 101 Gene-seed<br/>
-[X] Chief Librarian<br/>
--[X] Anti-Anti-Psyker Study<br/>
-[X] Master of Recruits<br/>
--[X] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Meridian/Junius)<br/>
-[X] Forge [675 BP Total]<br/>
--[X] Scout Armor x40 [320 BP]<br/>
--[X] Relic Construction<br/>
---[X] Scout Armor for Cyrus Octavius [20 BP]<br/>
--[X] 10x Lascannons [80 BP]<br/>
--[X] 10x Plasma Cannons [80 BP]<br/>
--[X] 10x Plasma Guns [60 BP]<br/>
--[X] 10x Melta Guns [60 BP]<br/>
--[X] 1x Power Sword [5 BP]<br/>
--[X] 5x Tarantula Sentry Gun (Multi-Melta) [50 BP]<br/>
<div style="text-align: left">​</div></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Start Of Turn Summary</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Gene-Seed Matters</u><br/>
100 Implanted Into Test-Slaves/Harvest Completes At<br/>
101 Gene-Seed Used On Neophytes<br/>
185 For Start Of Turn<br/>
<br/>
<u>Recruitment (Advances During Last Turn To Start Of This Turn)</u><br/>
Planets Chosen: Meridian+Junius<br/>
Aspirants Gained: 231<br/>
Psyker Aspirants Gained: 12<br/>
Aspirant Advances: 231 -&gt; 168 Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]/12 -&gt; 8 Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage]<br/>
Neophyte Advances: 168 Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] -&gt; 146 Neophytes [2nd Stage] / 8 Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage] -&gt; 5 Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage]<br/>
Specialist Leaning Neophytes Recognized: 0 Apothecary Neophytes /4 Techmarine Neophytes / 0 Chaplain Neophytes -&gt; 4 Specialist Neophytes [2nd Stage]<br/>
<b>2nd Stage Neophytes Require Immediate Gene-Seed Implantation In Turn 26 Or Will Risk Implant Failure As They Age</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>10th Company Matters</u><br/>
Neophytes [2nd Stage] -&gt; 95 Gene-Seed Used: 95 -&gt; 74 Scouts [1st Stage]  <b>21 Gene-Seed Returned To Storage</b><br/>
Scouts [1st Stage]: 74 (Just Promoted) / 37 (Already Established) -&gt; 24 to Scouts [2nd Stage] (111 Not Even Close To Up For Promotion Yet) <b>13 Gene-Seed Returned to Storage</b><br/>
Scouts [2nd Stage]: 85 -&gt; 85 Battle Brothers (Unassigned)<br/>
<br/>
Conclusion: <s>74</s> 71 Scouts [1st Stage]/ 24 Scouts [2nd Stage] Currently In 10th Company<br/>
<br/>
Razor Squad Changes Members: 9 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Returned To Company. Promoted To Battle Brothers. Assigned as per vote to 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. 9 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Pulled From Lists To Replenish Razor Squad.<br/>
<br/>
6 Psyker Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] -&gt; 6 Lexicanum<br/>
<br/>
<b>Warning: Gene-Seed Implantation Awakens Latent Psychic Abilities In Implantees. 3 Scouts [1st Stage] Awaken As 3 Lexicanum.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>1st Company Matters</u><br/>
Talon Squad Delivered To Deathwatch. Ordo Xenos Appreciates It.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Crafting Matters</u><br/>
2 Avatar Shards Used For Raven’s Aegis Talisman Creation [Success/Success]<br/>
Scout Armor x40 [320 BP]<br/>
10x Lascannons<br/>
10x Plasma Cannons<br/>
10x Plasma Guns<br/>
10x Melta Guns<br/>
1x Power Sword<br/>
5x Tarantula Sentry Gun (Multi-Melta)<br/>
<b>Relic Construction: Relic Scout Armor For Captain Cyrus</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Training Matters</u><br/>
[Ballistic Skill (5 to 6) 443+66+Hadrian(25)=534/600]<br/>
[Strength (4 to 5) 240+29+Hannibal(25)=294/500]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Scouring Fury<br/>
+060.M42+ To +065.M42+<br/>
+<i>Let Your Fury Scour The Xeno Forevermore+</i></b><br/>​</div>“In the name of the Unknown Primarch, go with honor,” Gabriel intoned gravely.<br/>
<br/>
His bionics lent his voice with a deeper vibrato than most throats of flesh might have managed. In the far ranges of the system, far away from the fearful eyes of most Imperial citizenry, the Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens gazed down at the members of Talon Squad. For many long years they had scoured the Hive World Meridian, guardians and hunters in one. It was one thing to hunt down the feral orks, hive gangers, and myriad filthy mutants and xenos that managed to live out amongst the spired world. It would be another entirely to be thrown into the maelstrom of battle that called insistently for ever more bodies. Captain Marcus stood next to him, helm held underneath one arm, his eyes gazing across each battle brother with deliberate care.<br/>
<br/>
He was carefully memorizing their faces, for it was more than likely that they would never be seen alive again.<br/>
<br/>
“We commend you to the Death Watch, Sergeant Alexos. You go now into the darkness. May you bring the Emperor’s light to His foes.”<br/>
<br/>
Sergeant Alexos nodded, and though he still bore his helm Marcus could easily see the stern cast of his features beneath through memory.<br/>
<br/>
“None shall find us wanting, Captain.”<br/>
<br/>
Against the star-speckled black of the void, a black thunderhawk embossed with the sigils of the Deathwatch rested easily in the flight deck of the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. A pair of Kill Marines stood in silence by its opened doors, escorting the representative of the Ordo Xenos. The man himself carried himself wearily, as if even the weight of the Inquisition’s symbol around his neck was some back-bending weight. Still, the Interrogator approached, a servo skull floating just over his shoulder hefting a small stack of dataslates in its delicate appendages. He does not bow to the Chapter Master, though whether it is because he does not deign to give the proper respect or is in simply that much of a hurry is unknowable.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos,” the Interrogator smiled with glittering metal teeth. “The Ordo Xenos gives their thanks for your response to their call. The war against the endless hordes goes on yet, and the bodies help. As to your other request…,” he gestures, sending the servo skull over to the Chapter Master. “It was an intriguing one. We do not often call others upon our wars…but then these are trying times. All of the following are either targets too great for a single kill-team, or ones that have proven surprisingly resistant to our efforts. Any and all would be…<i>most</i> welcome if destroyed.”<br/>
<br/>
The Interrogator then gave the Chapter Master and Captain facing him the slightest of nods. There was not even a flicker of horror at the grotesque sight of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company’s Captain.<br/>
<br/>
“May the Emperor watch over your efforts.”<br/>
<br/>
“He watches over us all, Interrogator,” Marcus responded flatly.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. Now, we must be off. Aliens to kill. Always aliens to kill.”<br/>
<br/>
The Deathwatch Strike Cruiser departed soon after, ten Blood Ravens held within its depths. Only the Emperor knew if they would be return in the flesh, or as mere commendations written upon vellum.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Talon Squad (1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company) Departs To Deathwatch.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================​</div> <br/>
“Try again,” Justinius said with remarkable patience.<br/>
<br/>
Before him, ten whole Lexicanum focused their combined energies, near-perfect in their linking. Yet, the strange materials of the destroyed eldar anchorage remained inviolate. The study was, for lack of a better phrase, apocalyptically frustrating. For all that the general trust of psykers and their abilities amongst the chapter had waned heavily after the heresy of Kyras, amongst those who actually <i>were</i> psykers there was a steady pride for their powers. The only other possible result was shame, and so pride it was. Some were quiet about it, others boastful. Less now, after all these years. But nothing was quite so disquieting as the strange creations of the dark eldar. To be stymied at the one thing for which near every moment was spent controlling, training, exercising?<br/>
<br/>
Unacceptable.<br/>
<br/>
All throughout the Ultima Librarium Sanctorum, the whole of the Librarius outside of the Epistolaries had assembled to bend their not inconsiderable abilities to one task. And, to Justinius’ growing irritation, they were failing. Months of work, all to learn a lesson that had already been learned when the kabal had been assaulted in the first place. Certain materials and torn apart portions of that xeno space station, weapons wielded by its defenders, the very armor of their leaders and champions slain in battle. All had been carefully catalogued, some slated for destruction, and others still for study. A study that, at the moment, seemed entirely fruitless.<br/>
<br/>
But Justinius was relentless. Every single Librarian in the chapter was. It was simply in their nature.<br/>
<br/>
“We have years and years yet, my brothers. Continue your work.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Study Will Take 2 Entire Turns [Current+Next]. All Non-Epistolary Librarians Unavailable Until Start Of Turn 27. <br/>
</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================<br/>
<br/>
(Relic Construction: Scout Armor [-20 BP] [1d100=98. Relic Construction Extreme Success!)[/center]<br/>
<br/>
“Cyrus.”<br/>
<br/>
“Martellus.”<br/>
<br/>
“Explain.”<br/>
<br/>
The eldest techmarine that the Blood Ravens had gestured down towards the matte grey armor which lay upon the slab between them. There was no expression visible due to his helm, but there was a small amount of excitement in his voice. Behind him, his servo arm twitched and danced. Cyrus kept his arms folded.<br/>
<br/>
“It was by the grace of the Omnissiah that the Deathwatch came when they did, and that you have such a storied history among them,” Martellus began. “And they provided certain materials to complete the project.”<br/>
<br/>
Delicately, he carefully lifted the armor, and privately marveled within his helm at the visible surprise on Cyrus’ face when he did. For the light bent around it, and the armor itself ceased to be the grey of the slab but rather they dark red of Martellus’ armor where it touched his. As he lifted it higher, the finely articulated arms of the set shifted again as it raised above Martellus’ shoulder, taking on the cast of the wall behind them. The entire thing, in truth, had almost no real color in and of itself. The cloak upon its shoulders was, even compared to the armor itself, practically invisible if one did not watch the lighting as well as a space marine could.<br/>
<br/>
“Cameleoline,” Cyrus said. It wasn’t a question. He knew what it was.<br/>
<br/>
“I know that Deathwatch sharpshooters favor the material, and you well know that our scouts use camo-cloaks. You yourself bear one. But this,” Martellus ran his fingers through the material of the cloak on the armor with care. “This is more than that. I’ve personally coated the whole of the armor plates, and actually managed to create a deliberate mixture in the ceramite plates during the forging, the fabrics woven with the more advanced.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus actually nodded, his lips pursed as he examined it himself after a gesture from Martellus.<br/>
<br/>
“Interesting. This is based on Deathwatch Scout Armor, is it not?”<br/>
<br/>
The glare from his cybernetic eye grew brighter as his remaining organic eye narrowed.<br/>
<br/>
“You gained access to their designs?”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus raised his hands, palms facing towards the Master of Recruits.<br/>
<br/>
“Only through conversation. The Deathwatch was willing to speak to me of it, considering how many of our brothers we have sent to them. Especially considering your own respected tour with them.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus grunted.<br/>
<br/>
“I thought you were having Calus and Daedal work on this project.”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus’ scowl could be <i>felt</i> through the expressionless mask of his helm.<br/>
<br/>
“They are working on other projects at the moment.”<br/>
<br/>
At that moment, doors to forge’s side room opened, revealing two techmarines arguing between one another. Behind them several servitors dragged a pallet that groaned under the weight of all the weapons and creations upon them. Melta guns, lascannons, plasma guns, and plasma cannons. There was even a power sword sitting upon a rack amongst it all. Both paused upon seeing them.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah…,” Daedal began. “Master Martellus. We were just coming to find you to report our project completion.”<br/>
<br/>
Calus swept his hand over the various weapons.<br/>
<br/>
“Everything has been crafted as you order, Master.”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus nodded curtly, leaving Cyrus to his prize, and approached. However, before he could do more than run his eyes and various subsystems over the offerings, checking for flaws, he paused. Slowly he turned his head back and forth across the pallet.<br/>
<br/>
“Where are the turrets, techmarines?”<br/>
<br/>
He turned to loom over Calus, even as behind him Daedal made frantic throat cutting motions.<br/>
<br/>
“We…you normally personally take care in the turret construction, Master, and-,”<br/>
<br/>
Daedal slumped, an impressive feat of agility and articulated movement inside of his armor.<br/>
<br/>
“I was clearly busy!” Martellus shouted, gesticulating wildly towards the now empty slab. “Do you know how much time it takes to personally infuse individual cereamite plates with high grade cameleoline? Let alone <i>making</i> high grade cameleoline?! Cyrus, you-,”<br/>
<br/>
He paused, seeing that the Captain of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had already left, his armor in tow. Sighing, a noise made into a growl by his helm’s rebreather, he turned back to his juniors with clenched fists.<br/>
<br/>
“I want to see five multi-melta equipped tarantula turrets. And until I get them, I don’t want to look at either of you. Dismissed!”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Master Martellus,” the techmarines shouted, turning and moving at battlefield pace to escape the wrath of his gaze.<br/>
<br/>
Martellus sighed as he heard their bickering start up again before the doors slammed shut once more.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Relic Created: [Shadow Hunter's Raiment: Cameleoline-integrated high grade armor with accompanying camo-cloak. Contains sound-dampening materials, as well as additional thermal reduction technology for stealth purposes. Integrated targeting links of the armor are specially adapted for integration with Cyrus Octavian's own cybernetics. (+1 Ballistic Skill, +Further Improved Stealth Capabilities)]</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================​</div> <br/>
The whole of the Blood Ravens, what remained of them aside from the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company over Zerann, set out immediately. The greenskins had been sighted all over the sector, including Subsector Aurelia. That, especially, could not be allowed. A trio of kroozers here, a swarm of over twenty smaller ramships there, all of which had infested various asteroid fields or simply hung in the black. Nothing that could, individually, possibly win out against the combined chapter fleet. But there were times for defense, static or otherwise, and times to hunt down the vile alien. From the remnants of raids on various colony worlds, the corpses left behind on defensive stations barely held by their void armsmen, the materials were gathered. While the various Lexicanum and Codiciers did their vital work in finding ways past the anti-psyker technologies of the dark eldar, the highest of their order within the Blood Ravens set to work. Though they numbered but three, their potential fourth’s presence required with the rest of 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, they did their duty as space marines.<br/>
<br/>
Their greatest, the Chief Librarian Justinius, student of Jonah Orion, led the hunt through the warp. Assembled about him were the Epistolaries of the Blood Ravens. So few, compared to how many there once had been. But they had strength in them yet. Within an isolated chamber within the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, they began the ritual. The corpse of a slain ork weirdboy, left behind after a successful hunt led by Captain Cyrus, proved the focal point. For in the realm of the beyond, the stinking searing presence of the greenskin’s unique energies could be sought. It was a dangerous thing, to peer past the veil, but a needed one. With the orks spread across the whole of the sector, there was little point in trying to be everywhere at once. Even if the chapter had been at full strength, they would not have been able to challenge the orks properly. Not with the enemy’s numbers and their tactics, despite how strange the latter word was to even consider when viewing greenskins.<br/>
<br/>
So, instead, they sought them by their souls. Through the screaming, raging, utterly unique emerald lightning storm that was their ‘WAAAAGH!!!’ energies. A seemingly infinite pool, one that fed and was fed by the very existence of the alien. Epistolary Nero’s bionic eyes shorted out many time as he gazed into the warp, while the ears of Epistolary Trajan bled as the howls of the warp’s myriad denizens attempted to deafen him. But between the two, hexagrammic symbols scrawled upon steel formed a focusing circle around the feet of the Chief Librarian. Within him, psychic power glowed like a blinding nimbus, his eyes blinded to the material realm but painfully open to the empyrean ocean. And in that moment, he was surrounded, the whole of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> was as it traveled through the warp. Daemons aplenty squalled and seethed at his very existence, hungry to devour him, yet he plunged on. Those that made the attempt were burnt away, or strangely confused by the blinking beacon in the farther distance held within the <i>Litany of Fury</i>.<br/>
<br/>
For weeks, this went on, exhausting the librarians and even causing distress to the serfs. The increased attention from unholy beings was beginning to wear upon the psyche of their mortal servants in the extreme. Strange warp eddies buffeted the chapter’s ships, nearly causing the total disappearance and loss of <i>Burning Seeker</i>. At another time, another strike cruiser entirely appeared alongside the fleet, its heraldry that of the Blood Ravens but with no identifying codes to its name. It bore the most grievous of damages, and no hails were returned, before the warp shuddered again and it disappeared once more. In the weeks afterwards, there were not even any records to be found within the auspex systems. Only in the memories of the space marines did it remain, servitors and serfs alike professing total ignorance.<br/>
<br/>
Until.<br/>
<br/>
Until in the far distance, an entire year into the chase, there was a flicker that became a flash that became a staccato series of continual blooms of green stormsound. The Blood Ravens slid out of the warp gratefully, for the chase had been long, with little combat to show for it. The vast majority of the time spent had been in training. Training across the decks of the ships, from the barked orders of Captains and veteran sergeants. But as the battle barges emerged along with their attendant fleets, the bittersweet fruit of success was borne to them by the reports on the auspex. Valiant work on that of the cogitators and logic engines determined that the Blood Ravens had chased their foe out into the deep black. Beyond the Sector itself, in a strange place between solar systems, planets and worlds entirely. The only illumination around aside from the ships of the Imperium came from distant stars and the roaring flames and ramshackle industry before them.<br/>
<br/>
It was a massive moving asteroid, the back of it stuffed with more engines than were possessed by the Blood Raven fleets combined, the front haphazardly carved in facsimile to a leering orkish skull. The taken asteroid was larger than most any ork ‘rok’ that had ever been sighted in the Blood Raven records. It was practically a supermassive space hulk in terms of size, but where most space hulks combined hulls and eras across thousands of years and multiple species lines, this monstrosity was completely of greenskin creation. A trio of cityscapes constructed of smog belching pipes and haphazardly attached buildings stuck out at random locations. Certain portions of the rock had been carved away entirely, revealing a vast hollowed out creation, while dozens of holes punched through were clear departure points for swarms of attack craft and even shoals of smaller greenskin ships. Like flies surrounding a greater beast, they alighted on or within it in equal numbers with those departing. Large rusted and garishly painted skeletal apparatuses were implanted across its body, within which the nascent bodies of various ork ships could be seen under construction.<br/>
<br/>
Whatever it was, it thundered through the void without a care for anything at all.<br/>
<br/>
“By the Emperor,” Justinian whispered through grit teeth.<br/>
<br/>
In the gaze of those who could properly perceive it, it was a sickly green sun of energies, one that twitched and blazed without pattern or sense of sanity. One that prickled and suddenly turned, a mirror to the activity erupting across its surface as the Blood Ravens were detected. Out and away from the rituals of the Librarians, Gabriel Angelos stared out at the foe across tactical screens. Behind him, and placed high upon the command throne for the ship as was befitting his position, the Master of the Fleet sat and absorbed the information flooding into his mind through the connectors. Hadrian, Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, grit his teeth.<br/>
<br/>
“It is turning towards us, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course it is,” Gabriel growled. “This, then, is how they managed to escape retribution for so long. A mobile shipyard. Like a parasite, feasting with its swarms of ships and using them to boost their own numbers.”<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, Chapter Master,” Hadrian said, though his voice was somewhat absentminded as he ordered the powering up of weapons across the entire fleet. “The damned thing is the size of two Ramilles-class star forts smashed together. Your orders?”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel’s lips thinned as he considered the ponderously turning abomination of scrap and rock.<br/>
<br/>
“We should…what is it doing?”<br/>
<br/>
Exerting enough energy from its reactors to erupt likely multiple lesser ships, and with a screech of metal on stone that should by all rights have split eardrums had the void not protected them, the jaws of the asteroid base slowly began to open and close. Teeth the size of frigates crashed into one another again and again. Then, squalling through the vox channels…or rather every channel possible, came an absolute cacophony of boisterous phlegmatic laughter.<br/>
<br/>
“AHAHAHAHAHAHAH! Looks like the skrap is coming to <i>us</i> this time, boyz! Get yer shootas and choppas ready! Oy! You hear me over there, ya freaks!?!”<br/>
<br/>
Despite the sheer impossibility of the distance, a wild mishmash of weapons batteries opened up across the frame of the entire structure. Vast amounts of ordinance were fired in every direction, including back down upon the asteroid as certain missiles failed and twisted back in and on their launch sites. A threat display, brutish but telling in its scope. It was heartening, to see the sites of their lance batteries as they stabbed beams of light into the void. It was disheartening to see how many the enemy actually possessed. Still, there was some small boon that was noted by the auspex scans and bridge crews. Considering the numbers of the reorienting greenskin ships turning towards the astartes vessels, only one conclusion could be reached.<br/>
<br/>
At least some significant part of the orkish fleet which was based at the mobile shipyard, those who partook of the raiding which had gained the ire of the Imperium in the first place, were not present.<br/>
<br/>
There was no point in ordering their forces to prepare for battle. In a twisted manner, both sides were forever made and ready for war.<br/>
<br/>
“Da Doom-Eater iz gunna chomp you <i>all</i>!”<br/>
<br/>
<u><b>Hunting Action (With Librarius Assistance) Extremely Successful!</b></u><br/>
<b>- Source Of Attacks: Supermassive Constructor Hulk/Planetoid Located In Dark Space Between Systems Just Outside Korianis Sector<br/>
- Self-Identified As: Da Doom-Eater<br/>
- Size Equivalent To 2 Ramilles Star Forts In Mass<br/>
- Multiple ship-constructing facilities prevalent.<br/>
- 14 Pockmark Docking/Entry Bays Scattered Across Planetoid. <br/>
- ‘Maw Of Gork (Or Mork)’ Melee/Consuming Characteristic At Front.<br/>
- Total Defensive Weapon Compliment Unknown<br/>
- 3 Construkta Yards [Alpha/Beta/Gamma]<br/>
- Current Known Defensive Fleet: 14 Brute Ramships/9 Onslaught Attack Ships/12 Ravager Attack Ships<br/>
- No Kroozer Tonnage Ships Or Above Detected<br/>
- Raiding Fleet Elements <i>Not</i> Currently Present<br/>
- <i>Unknown</i> Internal Fleet Compliment If Any<br/>
</b><br/>
<u><b>Blood Raven Fleet Present:</b></u><br/>
<b>1st Company Fleet<br/>
4th Company Fleet<br/>
10th Company Fleet<br/>
<br/>
<u>Phase 1 Orders [Choose One]:</u><br/>
[] Remain At Range: The defensive fleet is coming full steam ahead. Trust to the maneuverability of your own ships to take them apart, while remaining out of range of the ‘Doom-Eater’ weapons. While they outnumber you significantly, even should they succeed in their various boarding procedures, your ships are manned by chapter serfs, defensive turrets, and of course the Blood Ravens themselves. This may allow the ‘Doom-Eater’ to activate further systems or deploy further forces, but is your mission not the depletion of the orkish fleet regardless?<br/>
[] Push Forward: Their defensive ships are pathetic, and should be blown past to immediately get the fleet into bombardment range of the enemy…station. At its current size, outright planetary bombardment munitions and tactics are a distinctly viable weapon for once. This will allow, unfortunately, the stations considerable defensive weaponry to fire upon the fleet, of course. But that is the nature of bombardment missions. Plus, the sooner you can get your battle brothers onto its surface, the sooner its various systems can be destroyed. Like, say, weapon systems. Or propulsion. And so on.<br/>
[] Retreat For Now: The best defense the xenos had was their distance and the sheer unknown factor anchorage. But now you have found it, have complete auspex scans of it, and can certainly find it again now. A pure void battle like this calls for the Imperial Navy, and you could return to gather more forces to you. On the other hand, now that they know their secret base has been found, they may grow bolder in the time it takes you to return here with other forces in tow.   <br/>
[] Write-In</b>​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>