<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 23: Ashen Flight (Part Five)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 23: Ashen Flight (Part Five)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Consolidate Gains, Focus on Value</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Consolidate Gains, Focus on Value<br/>
-[X] Allow Apollo: Let one of the greatest warriors the Blood Ravens possess challenge this alien champion. He will have support, not just from Blood Ravens but from the Mechanicus forces as well.<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Focus On Current Boarding: The eldar haven’t yet managed to destroy the ships that are being captured, but that might yet change. Plus, there is a bounty of vessels that need to be fully captured. Two battleships, cruisers, and escort vessels alike. Take these down fully, and the Mechanicus could focus fully upon the Haven Spire! [Write-In Priority Of Vessels For Boarding Teams]<br/>
--[X] Complete Capture/Secure Gains on Priority in Descending Order: Void Stalker Battleships, Eclipse-class Cruiser/Carrier, Void Dragon Cruiser<br/>
--[X] All other ships not fully in hand may be destroyed, internally scuttled, or successfully captured at the discretion of local forces, whatever is most efficient at removing it as a threat and to be able to redeploy faster to higher priorities.<br/>
--[X] Strike Cruisers Burning Seeker and Ravenous Spirit can drift back from the battle lines nearest the Haven Spire and work more to prevent Eldar from recapturing or otherwise denying captured ships<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Forge Ahead: You can pull your brothers out from ships that are already captured, and lessen your presence on other vessels. Charge forth, letting the Battle Barges lead, and deploy directly onto and into the Haven Spire itself. Let the bombardment cannons tear holes that not even holofields can deflect or disguise. Take the Shadow-class Cruiser, and hunt the Farseer down. Slaughter the xenos entirely! [Write-In Priority of Boarding Teams For Towards Shadow-class/Towards Farseer/Towards Haven Spire Defensive Systems]<br/>
--[X] 1st Company not already on the Void Stalker Battleships, 5th Company, Chapter Leadership, unassigned specialists prioritize boarding on the Haven Spire<br/>
---[X] 1st Company tasked with capturing the Shadow-class cruiser first<br/>
---[X] 5th Company tasked with establishing a beachhead and disabling the Haven Spire's defensive systems</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Ashen Flight<br/>
+050.M42+ To +055.M42+<br/>
+<i>To The End, Always+</i></b><br/>​</div><b>Teleportarium Precision: 67</b><br/>
<br/>
He felt him coming, a soul bright with bitter shame and righteous fury, hurtling through the immmaterium. In an instant, Justinius seized upon it, and the Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens alighted with psychic power that bled from his eyes in liquid tears which vaporized upon touching open air. In an instant, Apollo appeared upon the body-strewn deck, falling a final foot with weight enough to crush the skull of an eldar’s corpse. No others accompanied him, for there were more than enough brothers upon this ship, and other matters needed to be attended to. There were no words exchanged, only a pair of nods, and then both marines plunged onwards into the Void Stalker’s innards, weapons crackling with power.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================<br/>​</div><b>Fleet Battle<br/>
41 vs. 99 vs. 89</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>Engines flared in the void, and the fleets advanced once more. Boarding teams fought on in the ships that they were already within, while those that had escaped such proved their cowardice by fleeing away. At the speeds sustainable by the eldar ships, a many were able to retreat, yet it did not escape the sight of many that the ships of the Biel-Tan craftworld were deliberately separating their ships from the formations of those of the Corsairs. Even so, they fought on, scouring beams of light from devices both human and xeno brightening the darkness of space, tearing at shields and hulls alike, while entire hordes of torpedoes flew back and forth. Again, the great angry clouds of strike craft crashed into one another, but this time the doughty human fighters and bombers found themselves felled in terrible number. A Mechanicus light cruiser found itself swarmed, bombs seemingly without end cracking open its spine. All the while, the ships of Biel-Tan formed up around the Haven Spire itself.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Drifting Defense<br/>
94 vs. 15</b><br/>
<br/>
It was obvious that they would come, in the end. Rather than allow defilement, or worse, actual study, they had been deployed by their fierce prince. Both Nightshade-class destroyers were fresh from the Haven Spire’s yards, and yet they were merciless in their approach. The warlocks on board cast rituals of clouding, while their holofields scrambled any attempt at the primitive human auspex from detection. It was a tactic well practiced and well used for generations, and yet in this one instance, it failed. A bellowed prediction from Nero Achillian, whose sight would <i>not</i> be denied, and the Blood Ravens fell upon such carefully laid plans with extreme prejudice.<br/>
<br/>
When the Nightshades appeared, just before firing their salvos of neutron and vortex torpedoes, the <i>Burning Seeker</i> was there. Flying upwards, it was a spear of metal perpendicular to the far more fragile enemy vessels, crashing upwards through their comparatively unprotected bellies. At such close ranges, there could be no mistake. Then came the <i>Ravenous Spirit</i>, whose teeth had been blunted and broken, yet still possessed its armored prow. As one of the Nightshades attempted to turn about, knowing their fate yet struggling to avoid it, the <i>Ravenous Spirit</i> slammed into its rear, spinning it about and shredding its hull in the same instant. Only then did the boarding pods appear, crashing into their grievously torn hulls, carrying the roaring cries of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Drifting Defense Boarding<br/>
34 vs. 20<br/>
</b><br/>
This bounty was the Imperium’s. It was that of the Blood Ravens. And those that had come to destroy would only be joined to it.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
=========================================<br/>​</div><b>Boarding Efforts/Withdrawals<br/>
Ascendant Star: 32 vs. 78<br/>
Void Stalker 2: 27 vs. 5<br/>
Eclipses: 13 vs. 83<br/>
Void Dragon: 6 vs. 91<br/>
</b><br/>
Blood Ravens fought, and Blood Ravens died. Upon the Void Dragon cruiser, teleporting warp spiders appeared from nowhere, cutting down entire skitarii teams, a vortex grenade tearing a trio of scouts into the immaterium forever. Upon the Eclipses, Howling Banshees unleashed their screams upon newly promoted marines of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, led by an Exarch whose blades tore ceramite and flesh with equal abandon. Only an advancing squad from behind managed to push them back, dragging back marines locked into suspended animation while a desperate Apothecary Caesar extracted gene-seed. The defenders of the bridge stymied even the efforts of Apollo and Justinius, even as they ground down their foes without pause. All throughout this came the storming skitarii, the myrmidons, fighting and dying alongside their allies in even greater numbers.<br/>
<br/>
And despite all of this, the Blood Ravens strode forward through the void.<br/>
<br/>
“Engines on full, Brother-Captain!” Gabriel yelled, already striding for the Thunderhawks.<br/>
<br/>
It was not verbally that Hadrian responded, but by his will. And through his will, the Battle Barges advanced, firing all weaponry as they went.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Forging Ahead<br/>
91<br/>
</b><br/>
This was what Battle Barges were meant for. To advance under withering enemy fire, unrelenting, all to deploy their precious and deadly cargoes without delay or failure. And in this, they performed without peer. The <i>Litany of Fury</i>, the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, the <i>Scientia Est Potentia, </i>all three sister ships screamed their fury. Bombardment cannons fired alongside weapon arrays, and all the holofields in the sector could not prevent some from hitting their targets. The Haven Spire’s size, built such that it held its own shipyards, worked against it, a mass that could not be obscured. Great cracks appeared along its hull, though most were only cosmetic, while a great many defensive batteries unleashed themselves.<br/>
<br/>
For naught.<br/>
<br/>
For Hadrian Priscus, Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, had decided something. Eight Thunderhawks had not yet been separated across the fleets. As such, they remained under his command. The <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, largest of all the Battle Barges of the Blood Ravens, just barely avoided crashing its bulk into the Haven Spire. But it was more than close enough for its weapon batteries to open at close range upon its opposites upon the Spire. Only then, clouding the field with a storm of laser and macrocannon, did the gunships deploy, shrieking into the holes torn open for them. Only once all eight had begun to fire upon the aliens who had come to resist boarders, meeting the howls of their Banshee’s and the stoicism of their Dire Avengers with hellstrike missiles, were the actual boarders deployed amidst the ashen ruins of the first responders.<br/>
<br/>
Those of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company that could be drawn away, those of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, they came, and came without pause or fail. Elsewhere, the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company fought across the fleet battle, desperately struggling against their alien foes. Here would perhaps the greatest of the battles be fought, and thus Gabriel knew that here he could do the greatest damage. The grudge of Tarkus would never be sated, he knew, and so the Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> deployed as well, growling his fury across the vox channels. The hatred of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> was only inflamed further by the litanies of Hannibal. It would be needed, for the Haven Spire was the home of the alien, here, and they would not give it up easily.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================<br/>​</div><b>Preventing Retreat<br/>
17<br/>
</b><br/>
“There will be no further attempts to board on the retreating vessels,” Cyrus snarled, “Focus on what ships that remain yet within our grasp. Let the Mechanicus and Battle Barges deal with them as they can.”<br/>
<br/>
With Hadrian occupied in the fight over eldar station, it fell to the remaining Captain present to hold the rest of the Blood Ravens together. There would be no more effort expended on the rapidly retreating ships, all power given over to their flight. Not with all the Blood Ravens sent there too injured to fight or slain entirely. There remained yet two targets for them, however, and so the Thunderhawks flew anew alongside other boarding pods. The teleportariums thrummed, and so the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company deployed itself. Both Void Stalker battleships had not retreated, had not been capable of it, leaving the twin leviathans isolated. Battered and surrounded as they were, there would be no relief for them save in victory.<br/>
<br/>
The scope of Cyrus’ rifle swiveled to find an eldar guardian, their own gun knocked away but a knife in hand, stabbing down at a scout’s chest.<br/>
<br/>
“You will <i>never</i> have the Fist of Khaine, mon-keigh! We will destroy it before you do!”<br/>
<br/>
A cracking boom, and the scout wheezed as the corpse of their would-be killer slumped on top of them, sans head. Down the corridor, Cyrus sneered and stalked elsewhere, opening his vox as he went.<br/>
<br/>
“Note for Librarius edification. Second Void Stalker battleship identified by crew as ‘Fist of Khaine’.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Boarding Efforts<br/>
Ascendant Star: 50 vs. 69<br/>
Fist of Khaine: 53 vs. 90<br/>
5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Objectives: 90 vs. 73<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Objectives: 94 vs. 18<br/>
</b><br/>
On the accursed Haven Spire, a home and port for weary aliens after long years of plundering and pillaging, there was a great and terrible accounting. The 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, driven by the fury of their Captain whose hatred for the eldar burned eternally, threw themselves without hesitation against the station’s defenders. Many of the aliens upon the spire had hastily thrown on their armor and weaponry, while others had fled wholesale. Tarkus, at the head of his company, spoke across the vox in a single endless denouncement, enflaming hatred as well as almost any chaplain. As he weathered dark reaper volleys and responded with grenades, he spoke of the endless treacheries visited upon humanity by the eldar. Smashing a howling banshee’s teeth in with the butt of <i>Deathdealer</i>, he told the tales of the many times that the eldar had personally brought death and ruin to the Blood Ravens. There was zero hesitation when warp spiders appeared, no shock at their sudden arrival, and they too died as he told the tales of Kronus and Tartarus.<br/>
<br/>
Through long winding corridors, shaped and bent ever so slightly <i>wrong</i>, did the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company and much of the Chapter’s leadership battle. A great number of apothecaries and much of the Librarius were present, gathering up the fallen and sending them back into battle at speeds that the eldar simply could not withstand. A veteran with one heart pierced was revived half-way into transition into suspended animation, gathering up their bolter and knife in the same motion. Gabriel fought alongside Hannibal who fought alongside Marcus who fought alongside Doukas. Captains and Masters all, a bloody red and black fist which tore apart the defenders. Even as they screamed in pain and fury, the eldar died. Walls were blown apart by missile and krak grenade, detonation packs and psychic blasts from the epistolaries shredding defenses set up over decades and centuries.<br/>
<br/>
“Defend the cruiser, it is our only avenue of escape,” shrieked a panicking Striking Scorpion. “We cannot let the mon-keigh destroy it!”<br/>
<br/>
As Marcus fell upon the eldar aspect warrior, Gabriel paused, his thoughts coalescing into a single truth after so much carnage and observation of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master? You look perturbed,” Captain Doukas murmured even as he continued to fire his bolt pistol towards the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
“This is far less than we should have faced,” Gabriel mused darkly. “The Haven Spire is emptier than any reasonable amount. They drew all of their fleet here, it should be full to bursting. Unless…,”<br/>
<br/>
Reports, endlessly filtering over the vox, danced through his mind. Of entire passageways and chambers easily passed through by space marines. Of multiple ships outside the spire retreating from the battle, leaving the Void Stalker vessels behind. And, of course, that of the foe just now. Of escape, not dire holding actions or desperate resolve to protect the only home they possessed. Gabriel knew what was happening, and turned away from the fight, gesturing for Doukas to continue without him. He flicked through the channels of the vox until he found Damion once more, the Epistolary laughing as he set about doing some act of destruction or another.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Damion.”<br/>
<br/>
The laughter cut off abruptly, the much younger marine’s voice choking slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
“The Farseer. Can you still locate them?”<br/>
<br/>
Damion frowned atop the pile of eldar meat and ash, and fell to both knees hard enough to leave indents in the flooring, a hand going to his forehead as he concentrated.<br/>
<br/>
“I…,”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Locating<br/>
71</b><br/>
<br/>
“Yes! They’re...,” Damion trailed off, confusion audible, “They’ve moved. They’re no longer in the Spire. They’re in their Void Dragon vessel. I don’t…”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel growled, the bionics in his chest transforming it into an awful thing of grinding metal and inhumanly vicious exhalation.<br/>
<br/>
“They are <i>fleeing</i>,” he roared. “They are fleeing aboard their own fleet, and attempting to escape! Chapter Master Angelos to all receiving, the eldar are attempting to flee! Advance and crush them!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Scouts On Spire<br/>
24</b><br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” a new voice broke in amidst the wild influx of acknowledgements and war cries that flooded the vox. “This is Sergeant Taricles. Me and my scout squad have located scuttling charges in our sector. We do not know how many more remain on the Haven Spire, but it is <i>many</i>. We have disabled these ones, but this station is vast, and I do not know if we have the time or numbers to locate and disable them all!”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel ground his teeth, even as ahead the rest of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company broke into the docking bay where the Shadow-class hung suspended. Multiple massive explosions on the other side of the bay announced the presence of Skitarii, binary war cants audible even from where the Chapter Master stood. But more would be heard, as another marine elsewhere in the fight turned on their own vox so that more could be heard.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================​</div> <br/>
“Mestela!! What do you think you are <i>doing</i>!”<br/>
<br/>
Apollo grunted as he tore <i>Rogal’s Fist</i> free of the eldar exarch which had charged him, glaring up at the bloodied Corsair Prince. The bridge was in chaos, as was expected, the most fervent and deadly of the corsair’s present in this single location. But a whispered word from Justinius who even now fought a trio of warlocks had made him activate his vox on full channel straight to the Chapter Master. He had not known why, but this information was more than worth it.<br/>
<br/>
“You have proven yourself an unfit leader, <i>Prince</i> Lantyr. So many dead, dying? The Rim Stalkers have been offered a new way, a better way, and you…simply do not factor into it,” came the pleased arrogant tones of who could only be the Farseer. “And now, with the Haven Spire itself under assault, and so many ships lost? It was inevitable.”<br/>
<br/>
“You…,” the Corsair Prince’s face purpled so darkly it was nearly black with his rage, “This was your plan all along! You…you <i>provoked</i>…this…this is…”<br/>
<br/>
“Biel-Tan thanks you for your service to her, oh <i>Void Ripper</i>,” the sneer carried easily, “Die well.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Final Withdrawal<br/>
18</b><br/>
<br/>
Combined elements of Biel-Tan and corsair ships activated their engines, visible to all in the battle both upon the spire and on the two Void Stalker battleships, and turned away. Lantyr’s howling scream nearly split the eardrums of all those present on the bridge, his void sabre smashing downwards into the console in wild hacking strikes. Even as the Mechanicus ships did their best to pursue, a great envelopment of psychic energies held back for just such a purpose caused their targeting systems to go haywire. Just long enough for the Void Dragon vessel to disappear into the Webway, a passage opened up for the other vessels as well. Many carried the wounds inflicted on them, others were stuffed to bursting with those of the Rim Stalker’s warband who had been convinced to flee.<br/>
<br/>
All that remained now were the most die-hard supporters of Lantyr, and they too were dying.<br/>
<br/>
“Not even your kind are free from the treachery borne in your souls, alien,” Apollo called out, the maul sparking in his grip as he hefted it. “But fear not. I shall end you soon enough, and your troubles will be ended.”<br/>
<br/>
When Lantyr turned to him, he revealed two orbs shot with color from twinned burst blood vessels, his lips peeling back to reveal an insane snarl. There were no mocking words, no exchanges of breath, for there was nothing in the prince’s mind left to do so. Only hatred, and the target before him.<br/>
<br/>
“Come on then,” Apollo sneered. “Show me what passes for fury amongst your misbegotten kind.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Hangar Securing<br/>
98</b><br/>
<br/>
“Advance, advance <i>now</i>! Move forward brothers!”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel charged, now, along with the rest of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company and elements of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> towards the hangar, tearing apart what other defenders remained. Here and there, the epistolaries located other scuttling charges, but there was too many to deactivate, and many in places that only assault marines or psykers could reach. But they had enough time. Outside, the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> was joined by multiple cruisers, the defenses broken enough in this sector by the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company that they were unmarred by the Spire’s weaponry. It’s greater pulsar lance array fired, but for once missed, as a series of explosions began to ripple through the inner sections of the spire where none but a handful of skitarii had managed to reach.<br/>
<br/>
“The Shadow cruiser is being secured, but what of the rest of the spire,” Doukas asked Gabriel, “Do we continue? If we brought in the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> fully, we might have a chance.”<br/>
<br/>
Even as they spoke, other skitarii began landing in transports, chemical injections and command phrases driving them to berserk fury to scream down the passages leading further in. Behind them came further techpriests who leapt upon the few scuttling charges that had been located. The news was disheartening, even then, for some had actually been hidden through outright psychic means by the Farseer and her own psykers, while others had been secreted by Biel-Tan troops. Gabriel frowned at the news, even more so at the casualty lists being circulated. It went unsaid that if they were unsuccessful, they might lose everyone and everything on the spire, and there were already explosions being noted from places where no one of the Imperium nor Mechanicus had yet stepped foot. It was already starting.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================<br/>​</div>There was only the barest amount of grace left in the prince’s body, subsumed as he had been by his emotions let loose. Taut like a string, he danced and leapt about the room, pulling only the smallest cuts from Apollo’s armor and body, tiny trickling wounds that sealed or healed before the next could be dealt. It was a mistake to think that Apollo would not be capable of defending himself, of matching the speed of the prince, but one that the former Captain more than took advantage of. Crushed and mangled armor covered the eldar, his left hand by now smashed to pulp. Elsewhere across the bridge, more and more of the prince’s allies and brethren were dead. Ever more fire was focused not on crew, but on the prince himself.<br/>
<br/>
Against so many more bolters, rapid firing lasguns, auto-tracking from skitarii, and worse, the powers of the Chief Librarian, it was inevitable. The injuries began to pile up, even as Lantyr managed to slay or sunder some of his foes. A 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company marine lost his head, a 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company marine his legs, a dozen highly advanced skitarii, and even one myrmidon techpriest. But he was tiring, and finally, Apollo snapped out with his power maul, the power field erupting around the eldar’s leg, exploding it from the thigh and down. Lantyr howled again, sent spinning to the floor and smashing into another broken console, bouncing over the body of his communications officer.<br/>
<br/>
In the past, Apollo knew, there would be a speech here. A grand and uplifting thing, at least to him, which would be regarded with disdain by his fellows for such foolishness. He would mark it, report it to Kyras, and his legend within the Chapter would grow. Another weapon to use against his opponents, credence and credit lending his words more weight to do with as he wished. But that was then, and this was now. As Lantyr struggled to stand, blade waving in a still impressive defensive stance, he rushed forwards, planting his weapon directly into Lantyr’s chest, crushing the eldar and his soulstone in a single strike. The Void Ripper did not even manage to wheeze once.<br/>
<br/>
No pride or glory for Apollo Diomedes. Never again, he swore silently, never.<br/>
<br/>
He activated the vox.<br/>
<br/>
“Objective achieved, Chapter Master. The Corsair Prince is dead, and the rest of the ship is ours.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div>“May their alien technologies fail them when they need them most,” Derillion growled. “My teams are moving as best they can, but they know they are lost. The first explosions were for reinforcing webway portals. There is nowhere else for them to go.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel slammed his hammer into another howling banshee, but there were ever fewer aspect warriors now, only more and more guardians taking up what weaponry they could.<br/>
<br/>
“We might need to remove ourselves from the spire, and let the treachery of Biel-Tan take its course, Archamagos. We already have a great bounty in captured ships and wargear.”<br/>
<br/>
“But there could be more! What secrets lie in this place,” Derillion insisted, “It is so far from the Omnissiah’s light, their records alone of this territory could be of immense value!”<br/>
<br/>
“Without the <i>Litany of Fury</i> or multiple choirs reaching this area again would be dangerous in the extreme, Archmagos,” Gabriel returned, “Is it truly worth it?”<br/>
<br/>
“It could be, that is the issue!”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Decisions For Final Phase (Choose One)</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left">[] Who Dares, Wins: There are already scuttling charges going off in the Haven Spire. But if the whole of the Chapter was used, it might be possible to save the Spire from being completely destroyed, allowing for more long-term examination. It would be dangerous, however, some of the station is already damaged including multiple internal components. Archmagos Derillion wishes to continue in this course, and would appreciate your support. (Warning, Chance of Significant Losses)<br/>
[] Take The Spoils: You have gained much, and lost much. Retreat fully from the Spire. Derillion might be personally upset, but the greater Mechanicus cannot possibly be anything but grateful for what you have gained for them this day. The battle is over, now is the time to regroup and resupply. (Operation Ends, No More Losses/Injury Chances, Move On To End Point)<br/>​</div><u><b>Assets/Brothers Lost:</b></u><br/>
<b>2 Unassigned Thunderhawk Gunships<br/>
35 Scout Marines 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage (+11 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5 Scout Marines 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage (+3 Gene-Seed)<br/>
7 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain (+10 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marines Slain (+4 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain (+10 Gene-Seed)<br/>
</b><br/>
<u><b>Marines Injured:</b></u><br/>
<b>8 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Heavily Injured<br/>
3 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marines Heavily Injured<br/>
10 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Heavily Injured<br/>
1 5th Company Marine Requires Dreadnought Internment<br/>
</b><br/>
<u><b>Eldar Ships Departing To Rejoin Craftworld Biel-Tan [?] (Almost All Ships Sustained Moderate To Significant Damage):</b></u><br/>
<b>1 Void Dragon (Dragonship) Cruiser [Biel-Tan]<br/>
2 Shadow Cruisers [Biel-Tan]<br/>
1 Hemlock [Biel-Tan]<br/>
4 Shadow Cruisers [Corsairs]<br/>
1 Eclipse Cruiser/Carrier [Corsairs]<br/>
2 Hellebore Frigate [Corsairs]<br/>
3 Hemlock Destroyers [Corsairs]<br/>
2 Aconite Frigates [Corsairs]</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: left">​</div>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Fleets Present In Unknown System" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Fleets Present In Unknown System said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b><u>Blood Raven Assets</u><br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet<br/>
4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet<br/>
5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet<br/>
10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet<br/>
<br/>
- Battle Barge <i>Litany of Fury</i> has taken minor damage across hull, damage to forward weapons. <br/>
- Battle Barge <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> has taken minor damage across hull, notable damage to prow and forward weapons. <br/>
- Battle Barge <i>Scientia Est Potentia </i>has taken damage across prow, forward weapons damaged, propulsion and shielding systems intact.<br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>Spiraling Fury</i> has taken damage to engine systems and weapon systems, shielding systems unharmed.<br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>Burning Seeker</i> has taken damage to hull.<br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>Rage of</i> Erudition has taken significant damage to weapon systems, propulsion unharmed. Damage capabilities reduced, boarding abilities maintained.<br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>The Great Father's Fist</i> has taken significant damage to weapon and shield systems, propulsion unharmed.<br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>The Howling Hatred</i> has taken damage to weapon systems. Propulsion and shielding fully functional.<br/>
- Strike Cruiser <i>Ravenous Spirit</i> has taken significant damage to weapon systems, minor damage to propulsion systems. Shielding systems intact.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Basilikon Astra Fleet [Aspect - Serpentium]</u><br/>
1 Basiikon Emperor-class <i>Omnissiah’s Piercing Sight</i><br/>
1 Basilikon Retribution-class <i>Blade of Zerann </i>[Engines Disabled/Weapon Systems Damaged]<br/>
4 Basilikon Mechanicus Cruisers<br/>
4 Basilikon Mechanicus Light-Cruisers<br/>
</b><br/>
<u><b>Rim Stalker Assets Still Present</b></u><br/>
<b>Haven Spire [WARNING: Internal sabotage present! Eldar crew at Fanatical Morale! Exercise extreme caution!</b><br/>
<br/>
<u><b>Eldar Assets Captured In Phase 4</b></u><br/>
<b>2 Badly Damaged Nightshade Destroyers<br/>
1 Damaged Void Stalker/Corsair Flagship <i>Ascendant Spear</i><br/>
1 Somewhat Damaged Void Stalker <i>Fist of Khaine</i><br/>
1 Badly Damaged Shadow Cruiser<br/>
1 Pristine Shadow-class Cruiser</b><br/>
<br/>
<u><b>Eldar Assets Captured In Phase 3</b></u><br/>
<b>- 2 Undamaged Hemlock Destroyers [Corsairs]<br/>
- 1 Undamaged Aconite Frigate [Biel-Tan]<br/>
- 2 Badly Damaged Aconite Frigates [Corsairs]<br/>
- 1 Badly Damaged Hemlock Destroyer [Biel-Tan]<br/>
- 1 Somewhat Damaged Shadow-class Cruiser [Corsairs]<br/>
- 1 Somewhat Damaged Nightshade Destroyer [Corsair]<br/>
- 1 Damaged Hellebore-class Frigate [Corsair]<br/>
- 1 Somewhat Damaged Hellebore-class Frigate [Corsair]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Eldar Assets Captured Previously</u><br/>
- 1 Badly Damaged Shadow-class Cruiser [Corsairs]<br/>
- 3 Somewhat-Undamaged Hemlock Destroyers [Corsairs]<br/>
- 1 Badly Damaged Hemlock Destroyer [Corsairs]</b>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote></div>
  </body>
</html>