<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 36 - 2487.5 - Making Old Friends</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 36 - 2487.5 - Making Old Friends</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [LIBRARY] Library of Mournings: name two non-magical topics to hire Cityborn scribes to copy all available Laurelorn books on.
-[*] Eonir of Laurelorn
-[*] Weaving Spider silk
[*] [DWARF] Runed pistols
[*] [COLLEGE] No purchase.
[*] [PURCHASE] No purchase.

Tally



Laurelorn has a great deal of idle and literate citizens who would jump at the chance to earn a few crowns, and it has a very large library open to its general public. With a distribution of Dwarven gold from Kron-Azril-Ungol's acquisitions budget several shelves were emptied and a significant portion of the partitioned study desks filled, and several months later you're left with quite a stack of Yen-Eltharin manuscripts. For this first wave of exotic additions to your nascent library you've focused on two things: the history and culture of Laurelorn in their own words, which you expect to be of great use to you in the coming years, as well as every book that could be found covering their textile industry. As the Karaz Ankor's Weavers Guild once announced, the use of spider-silk is the domain of Elves and Goblins, so you plan to use a stack of tomes as a battering ram to unblock whatever obstruction is keeping Karak Eight Peaks' silk industry from burgeoning.

When you next return to Karak Eight Peaks with a Gyrocarriage loaded with books, you transfer the ones on textiles to a wheelbarrow and make your way through Karag Nar until you arrive at the office of the Karag's Viceroy, Francesco Caravello, into whose lap the silk question was dropped when the Dwarven Weavers refused to have anything to do with it. "Lady Magister," he says in confusion, hand moving away from the sword he'd started reaching for when your wheelbarrow slammed his door open. "How can I help you?"

"Other way around, I hope. How's the silk business coming along?" you ask cheerily.

"We are making progress," he says cautiously.

"Got any friends in academia?" Eltharin is the precursor to Classical, Tilea's academic language, so it's as studied there as much as Khazalid is in the Empire.

He takes a moment to answer. "I know a few people, and those few people know a few more. Why?"

"Round up anyone who knows Eltharin and is looking for work and set them up with the people you've got working on the silk. Here's every book on textiles the Wood Elves of Laurelorn have ever written. Consider yourself the first patron of the Kron-Azril-Ungol, the Library of Kvinn-Wyr."

Francesco picks up one of the books and flips through its pages. "Wood Elves? Don't they kill all trespassers?"

"Usually, yes. Let me know how it goes."

You walk away, dusting off your hands with satisfaction. Furnishing the Project HQ had reminded you that Johann has silk sheets and you still don't. Hopefully this will solve that little problem.

---

You next return to Laurelorn via Zhufbar, as they've completed the Gyrocarriage they've been working on in gratitude for your contribution to the Karag Dum Expedition and the safe return of most of its Steam-Wagons. This one has been built from the ground up for that purpose instead of being adapted from a Gyrobomber so it's merely loud and uncomfortable instead of deafening and painful. But it's not as freeing as it otherwise would be because of the question of piloting - though the pilots of Karak Eight Peaks are happy to donate their services to accumulate experience in the air, they'd not be willing to spend weeks or months in Laurelorn or Middenheim to be on hand at a whim. Scheduling your trips in advance isn't a problem - it's what you've been doing already - but it does mean you're not fully taking advantage of your new acquisition, and you toy with the idea of learning to pilot it yourself, possibly alongside one of your WEB-MAT colleagues. Johann is out for obvious reasons, but Max or Egrimm should be willing to learn.

Also complete is the work on your Revolvers you'd sent over to the Runesmiths of Zhufbar, taking advantage of your good name among the Dwarves to improve your armament. It's something you've been considering for a while but haven't acted on until now. To the Dwarven perspective firearms are relatively new, especially to the extremely conservative Cult of Thungni, so what few Runesmiths have been willing to work on these newfangled contraptions have only adapted the most basic of Runes to a standard they're happy with. As alternatives you'd been considering either seeking out one of the few radicals amongst the Runesmiths to apply something more adventurous, or seeking an enchantment from the Colleges. But there's always so much to do and so many other ways to expend your influence that turning down an improvement you could get now in favour of something you might eventually get around to at some nebulous point in the future stopped making sense to you.

At first glance your revolvers appear unchanged, but taking out the cylinder reveals two runes, a Rune of Fire on the firing mechanism and a Rune of Stone on the cylinder itself. The Rune of Fire ensures that the blackpowder will always catch and will burn hotter, faster and cleaner, allowing for more of its energy to be directed to the projectile itself instead of vented out the sides or left unburned, and the Rune of Stone ensures the cylinder is able to withstand the greater forces involved. Simple changes, but extremely well-tested ones, and they make for a projectile that hits harder and flies truer than it otherwise would. It will take you a bit of time to get used to the greater kickback, but the increase in stopping power will be well worth it.

With your marvels of Zhufbar acquired, you turn your mind to the work ahead of you. Six months ago you were dropped into an alien society with a handful of ambitions and no solid direction on where to start pursuing them, but now you have a Runelord and a Grey Lord signed on and ready to begin. The three of you could work together to build a solid theoretical groundwork and give you an idea of where to begin in studying the Waystones, but anyone else you bring in might have an understanding of the Waystones that is incompatible with or far in advance of the model the three of you could create. Or on the other hand, they might not. That's the problem with everyone keeping secrets, you don't have the slightest idea how much information all the various organizations might have tucked up their sleeves. Once that groundwork is completed, the Project will no longer be seen as in its preparatory, recruitment phase. Once you start sending reports to the states and organizations involved, they'll start replying, hopefully with resources and information, but likely with expectations as well.





You have five actions you can apply without engaging in overwork. For every two AP spent across all members of WEB-MAT, including recruiting new members, you can spend one 'free' additional AP with any member of WEB-MAT. WEB-MAT actions are performed by Mathilde alongside that person when possible, such as studying something alongside that person, cowriting a paper together, one teaching the other, both of them learning something new, et cetera.
Current overwork status: [+] [ ] [ ]
Each box will be filled by one action of overwork, and will take the two turns after that to fade as you recover. The first box incurs no penalty. The second will give a -10 penalty to all actions during the first turn of recovery. The third will give a -20 penalty to all actions on both turns of recovery.
Overwork incurs no penalties on the turns taken, only on the turns recovering from it. You can take as many actions of overwork as you have unfilled boxes.
When you use overwork it fills the left-most empty box, so [-][ ][ ] becomes [-][+][ ], not [+][-][ ]. All boxes recover in parallel and independent from one another, but second and third apply maluses on your actions during that cooldown period.

WEB-MAT: Magister Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] MAX: Use kitting out his workshop as a pretext to get to know House Miriel and the local Cult of Vaul. (NEW)
[ ] MAX: Learning: specify what and from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] MAX: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Receive dictation: specify which two papers will be written. (NEW-ish)

WEB-MAT: Magister Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] JOHANN: Train with and study the freshly-attached golden arm. (NEW)
[ ] JOHANN: Learning: specify what and from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] JOHANN: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Write a paper: specify which.

WEB-MAT: Magister Egrimm van Horstmann, Light Wizard
[ ] EGRIMM: Attempt to bring the Light Order into the Waystone Project (NEW)
[ ] EGRIMM: Investigate what Alric is up to. (NEW)
[ ] EGRIMM: Attempt a Windherder enchantment with Egrimm (specify what) (NEW)
[ ] EGRIMM: Learning: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] EGRIMM: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] EGRIMM: Write a paper: specify which.

WEB-MAT: Recruitment
[ ] WEB-MAT: Attempt to recruit someone to WEB-MAT (specify who)


The Waystone Project, Recruitment
[ ] Attempt to bring an Order into the Waystone Project (specify which)
[ ] Attempt to bring a non-Order magical tradition into the Waystone Project (specify which)
[ ] Attempt to bring a human Cult into the Waystone Project (specify which)
[ ] Attempt to bring a Major House or Ward into the Waystone Project (specify which)
[ ] Attempt to bring a Karak's Runesmiths into the Waystone Project (specify which)

The Waystone Project, Research
[ ] Personally scrutinize a Waystone as thoroughly as you possibly can.
[ ] Lay the foundations: work with the current members of WEB-MAT and the Waystone Project to build a single unified framework for understanding the Waystones.
In theory, the more members there currently are, the more complete this framework will be. Will unlock further investigations. Can be repeated if desired, but will not unlock anything new after the first time, it will just make a new framework incorporating any new recruits.

Lovely Laurelorn
[ ] Furnish the research spaces of the Waystone Project HQ (specify how much: 100gc for adequate, 500gc for College-grade, 600gc for Runelord-grade, 2000gc for Laurelorn-grade) (NEW-ish)
[ ] Explore the wonders of the ancient and beautiful city of Tor Lithanel.
[ ] Explore one of the Wards of Laurelorn (specify which: Storm, Rain, Frost)

Self-Improvement:
[ ] Receive training: specify who and what. (acquaintances may train you for free, or you can hire someone with money or favours)
[ ] Attempt to learn Battle Magic at the Grey College. (1 College Favour per attempt)
[ ] Attempt to gain control of one of your Arcane Marks (specify which)
[ ] Try to see through Pall of Darkness with your improved magical senses.
[ ] Practice shooting while invisible. (applies to Substance of Shadow and Invisibility)
[ ] Branulhune's ability to disappear and reappear at a thought allows entirely new forms of combat. Continue to work on them.
[ ] Attempt to finish off the Grey College spellbook by learning Shadow of Death, Cloak Activity, and the MAPP.

Research and Publishing:
[ ] Study an artefact: select which.
[ ] Write a paper: select which.
[ ] Write something else: write in.
Once per turn, you can write a paper or write a 'something else' without spending an action thanks to your Tower of Serenity.
[ ] The Second Secret of Dhar teaches how to collapse it upon itself. Practice upon local Dhar taint, and very cautiously see if this works with Warpstone.

Aethyric Vitae (16 gallons):
[ ] Experiment with integrating the Vitae into enchantments.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts with Divine Magic.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to a power stone.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to being subjected to power stone creation methods.
[ ] Using the secrets you already know of the Vitae, attempt to weaponize it.

Enchantment and Spell Creation:
[ ] Enchant an item: specify what and how (current skill level allows for Fiendishly Complex spells and lower; you may use Windherder to attempt to enchant something with spells from different Winds)
[ ] Attempt to create a spell (see Approved Spells threadmark)
[ ] Attempt to codify Rite of Way so that others can learn it.
[ ] Attempt to capture an Apparition (optional: specify which)
[ ] Turn a staff (specify for whom) (optional: specify from what)

Foreign Relations:
[ ] Involve yourself in current affairs: specify what and how.
Current examples: Sylvanian campaign, Marienburg affair, Black Waters project

Personal Relations:
[ ] Spend time assisting or ingratiating yourself with someone else: specify who and how.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is fully grown, very smart, and a Very Good Boy. Train him further. (specify what he will be taught)
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and very magical. Deepen your familiar bond. (may unlock a new familiar ability; risks obsession)


The Eastern Imperial Company
Your share of EIC profits: 200 crowns / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Expansion along the Aver
EIC Handler: The Hochlander
The first AP spent in this category is free. Any additional choices cost 1 AP.
[ ] EIC: Completely hand over management of the EIC intelligence apparatus to the Hochlander.
[ ] EIC: Have the Hochlander set up a shadow headquarters for the EIC in the Sunken Palace.
[ ] EIC: Have the Hochlander set up a shadow headquarters for the EIC in your fief.
[ ] EIC: Have the Hochlander investigate what Alric is up to. (NEW)
[ ] EIC: Found an auditors division, to make sure the ledgers are in order.
[ ] EIC: Insert agents into a particular province, cult, company, or institution to start gathering their secrets. (specify who)
[ ] EIC: Reach out to Roswita, and have the EIC start passing on tips about any tax evasion or other naughtiness by the EIC's rivals.
[ ] EIC: Improve and expand the EIC's paramilitary river navy. (optional: specify how)
[ ] EIC: Have the EIC keep tabs on mercenaries so that they can be more easily hired if needed.


Kron-Azril-Ungol (NEW)
Status: Under construction.
The first AP spent in this category is free. Any additional choices cost 1 AP.
[ ] Seek official recognition of Kron-Azril-Ungol as an affiliated library of the Colleges of Magic
This will allow you to start acquiring books on magical subjects from the Colleges of Magic for the Library.
[ ] Seek the publishing contacts to start acquiring large amounts of books from a nearby realm (specify which: Bretonnia, Kislev, Tilea/Estalia, Araby)
Gives wide and easy access within a language, but is subject to local restrictions and is a less efficient use of the Library's acquisition budget than other methods.
[ ] Seek an exchange arrangement with another Library to be able to make copies of their corpus (specify which, eg: Great Library of Marienburg, Great Library of Altdorf, Ancient Library of Carroburg)
Difficulty will depend on the size, prestige, and disposition of the library in question, and the relative impressiveness of Kron-Azril-Ungol.
[ ] Seek an agreement with a Cult to have access to their libraries (specify which, eg: Verenans, Myrmidians, Sigmarites)
Difficulty will vary heavily depending on the Cult in question, but can allow access to rare tomes and esoteric subjects.
[ ] Set up a no-questions-asked bounty system for books within the Cult of Ranald
Results will be unreliable and depending on what is sought may result in blowback, but this may allow you to acquire books that would otherwise be entirely inaccessible.


Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: specify how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so. Rule of thumb: if you have to explain why this might apply, it probably doesn't.




Spoiler: Accumulated Artefacts



Ranald's Coin (note from Ranald: don't)
Vampire skulls
Branulhune - investigate the odd flash when it is desummoned underwater

Books and rubbings from an Asur explorer of Lustria and the Southlands
Ghyran Nut
Kurgan Shrine to Mannsleib
Kurgan enchanted weapons





Spoiler: Potential Papers



Note: Fresh and Refreshed papers confer a +10 bonus; faded ones a -10 malus.
Papers get one step less 'fresh' each turn: Fresh; Fading; Mostly Faded: Faded. Only the first and last have an effect on the diceroll.

Windsoak Mushrooms - Ghur (FADING)
Windsoak Mushrooms - Hysh (FADING)

Observations on the Windfall north of the Dark Lands (MOSTLY FADED)
Observations on the Chaos Wastes in the western Great Steppes (MOSTLY FADED)
Windsoak Mushrooms - Ulgu (MOSTLY FADED)
Windsoak Mushrooms - Aqshy(MOSTLY FADED)
Windsoak Mushrooms - Ghyran (MOSTLY FADED)
Windsoak Mushrooms - Azyr (MOSTLY FADED)
Comprehensive notes on possible terrain obstacles (MOSTLY FADED)

Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition. (FADED)
The Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual. (FADED)

Preliminary paper on Aethyric Vitae. (TIMELESS)
Coins of Nehekhara's Fifth Dynasty (TIMELESS)


You can literally write the book on a topic for the same amount of effort as two papers; this can be split over multiple turns. You don't need to have all the pieces to do so, but it would be more efficient and impressive if you did.
Windsoak Mushrooms (missing: Chamon, Shyish)
The Currency of Strygos
The Currency of Tylos
Coins of Nehekhara's Fourth Dynasty
Coins of Nehekhara's Sixth Dynasty




- There will be a twelve hour moratorium. Voting will be in plan format.
- If there's an action that you think should be present and isn't already covered, please let me know. 
- I've tweaked a number of options to try to have less numerous and more flexible actions.
  </body>
</html>