<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>070.M42 Interlude: Green Sparks</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>070.M42 Interlude: Green Sparks</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>070.M42 Interlude: Green Sparks</b>​</div><br/>
Their wildest projections had not possibly prepared them for this. Their most advanced, most masterful, most powerful defenses had not been built with what they faced in mind. How could they have been? How could they have possibly have been capable of such a thing? Their greatest minds, their most powerful intelligences, their greatest military forces, had all been prepared and geared towards other things. To shift as they had been thrust unto was not impossible, of course, not at all, but the speed and organization required was not capable of being willed into existence despite how desperately some of them might have wished it to be so. Some realized, in the moments before their mightiest and most thorough defenses were overwhelmed, that it might even have been arrogance. Something that they would never have otherwise ever suggested that their people could possibly have possessed compared to all those elsewhere in the galaxy. Not them, surely? Surely not.<br/>
<br/>
Yet they came. They came on and on and on. Previously destroyed foes, thought to have been near exterminated, had returned, flush in strength and numbers that had plainly been impossible. Or so it was thought of at first by so many. It was mind-boggling, it was something that had far more demanding that their own sensor systems be triple-checked for errors, that those who had come in ships that were barely capable of making the trip to supposed safety be questioned again for surely they were lying or were delusional. The grand edifice of believed security and safety that had been built up since the beginning of their civilization was being stomped down with uncaring brutality and as the first of the fires began to become blazing pyres to millions they still struggled to comprehend that very fact. How could they be drowned in such, when they had risen above the tide again and again?<br/>
<br/>
When it came, many had pointed wildly too-long-laughed at surveillance and espionage reports which had stated the utterly laughable and simply impossible, that the Imperium which had always and clearly overstated its strength and power, would be possible of putting the whole of them to the torch with but a single one of their precious and oh so vaunted ‘Crusades’. But they had crushed such things before, had they not? Thus, lies, all lies. Foolish and preposterous propaganda that they likely told their poor unwashed masses who had not seen the greater truths. But this was not them, not them at all. Even worse, it was a foe that they had fought and won against before. The shattered remains of their remarkably well pronounced Empire of Aslanta were proof enough, were they not? Had not vast swathes of them gone west, deep into the supposed territories of the Imperium?<br/>
<br/>
But then their sensors had begun to shudder, their latest and furthest out perimeter stations had begun to spark and squeal as emanations of those strange forces that they had just barely begun to understand yet were by now somewhat aware of rippled through the void. From the galactic north and west and south they had come, and of Fi'rios which had become a true fortress world after so desperately wresting it from its former brutish master, there was only the screams and garbled reports of simplistic yet utter devastation. Of so many bodies that roared their way into every gun pointed in their direction that it was not the tide that shrank back but instead of their own weapons fired unto the point of overheating and failure before the wielders were hacked limb from limb and in some cases openly devoured. Then those cameras that remained after the initial chaotic landings either by mechanical systems or those who held them were destroyed as well.<br/>
<br/>
At first, they had thought they could battle and win like they had so many times in the past barring a smattering of failures and setbacks. Fleets were redirected, yet in the beginning they had not yet pulled back from their farthest ranges and most distant conquest efforts. Why would they? The threat would surely be contained and pushed back. It had always been done so before, what could have changed by now? Such thoughts were ash, as the solar years passed over. The first fleets killed so many more than their own number yet were simply ground down and away. So more were recalled, and then more, and then finally as the true scope of the threat was finally comprehended by their leaders the entire whole of their military drew back from every other purpose. Vast sums were desperately promised to their allies to come to their aid, and so they came as well.<br/>
<br/>
It amounted, to their mounting horror, to almost nothing.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================​</div><br/>
Atop a shattered Riptide did stand a monstrous pile of blades and spinning hacksaws that stuck out at wild angles in all directions. Barely any of the actual meat of the one within could be seen, save for a thin strip of flesh and maddened red eyes. Around him over a dozen cadres lay dead, their corpses and technologies being looted for meat and bits that those of their kind who could somehow comprehend a use for them while the last screaming colonists were torn apart by being liberally thrown onto its body for sport. With one titanic foot did he stomp down upon the once fine but now soot and blood soaked robes of the one who had attempted to beg for surrender to save all of the peoples under her protection. An entire continent set aflame around him, hundreds of thousands of tons of promethium setting the ground, the seas, the very atmosphere alight in places.<br/>
<br/>
“Don’t you’ze get it! Are you’ze dumb?! Are you’ze all idiots!? AH’M DA ARCH-ARSONIST OF CHARADON! DERE AIN’T NO SURRENDERS!”<br/>
<br/>
He then spat, and grunted slightly as he luxuriated in the feel of more blood being sprayed across him as the fire caste warrior was shredded limb from limb by his armor.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh just them shadow beakies and ‘ard deff boys wait until we get the gubbins we’ze need to go after ‘em again.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================​</div><br/>
“I’ze GORBAD! GORBAD!! You fink dat we’ze nuffin just cuz me world got gotten by dem buggies?! Well NUFFIN DOIN DIS WORLD IS MINE NOW! Cause dem’ deff boyz and dem beakies is gonna regret not killin ‘me!”<br/>
<br/>
The harsh voice screamed into their minds from thousands of rusty speakers that had been dropped or installed at random across the planet as they were hunted down by cackling parties of buggy riders. Ramshackle vehicles exploded as they ran into mines left behind by the retreating fire caste, each other, buildings, and more. They cared little, even as meks ran rampant and happily harvested the many, many ‘shiny bits’ for their own gear and technologies if they could be called such from across the planet. From broken and rent star ships above which had come first to defend and then desperately evacuate was even more pulled. High above, a space hulk spat more and more of its innards onto the planet, while throughout the entire star system did more ships do the same as orbital stations were alternatively taken over, looted, destroyed, or any order of such again and again.<br/>
<br/>
“Da Prophet said dat I could do dat, roight?” the voice came again, though clearly not meant for all those listening and more because the speaker had clearly just not gone through the effort of turning the system off.<br/>
<br/>
If they had even known how in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
“He said I cud take dere worlds? Right? Yeah! YEAH!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================​</div><br/>
Hive Fleet Leviathan swarmed the Realm of Ultramar, as it had in the past. But unlike before, the veterans of the Tyrannic War were there. Unlike before, significant numbers of not just Ultramarine successors but many other astartes had come, putting themselves under the battlefield command of the Chapter Master Marneus Calgar. The revitalized Raven Guard, and those of Segmentum Tempestus not enforcing the cordon around the still embattled territories being fought over by the Maynarkh Dynasty of Necrons and the remains of the so-called Great WAAAGH!!!, had come as well. Thus, though the Eldar had ensured that Leviathan would be drawn away from Ulthwe and instead towards Octarius and Ultramar, the Imperium was not without its own strength. From Ryza, freed from the predations of WAAAGH!! Urgok as they had fallen behind Ghazghkull in attacking Deliverance, came legions of Skitarii and tanks. From Catachan, multiple regiments of their most elite troops who had fought tyranids in close combat and survived, a feat even some space marines could not claim. More, and more. The tyranids, vile as they were, continued to adapt to those changing circumstances, ensuring a rolling wave of destruction and warfare was spread throughout Ultramar, but for all of that…<br/>
<br/>
There were only minor reports of greenskins within that conflagration of conflict.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================​</div><br/>
“Uh…sorry boss, I dun geddit. They'ze just humies!”<br/>
<br/>
The sparking flame-ridden power klaw of the Prophet snapped out and closed around the nob’s torso, large enough to cut them to pieces with just the faintest application of force. But, even as the skin began to catch flame, the nob did not wriggle in that terrible grip, lest it’s master deem to finish the act.<br/>
<br/>
“<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(0, 102, 0)">I don’ care if you geddit</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(0, 102, 0)">,</span>” Ghazghkull rumbled, his hot breath almost scorching as spittle dripped down his maw. “<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(0, 102, 0)">The buggies and the humies are foightin’, meanin’ they’re busy with dat scrap. But what <i>we</i> need, da boyz need, is new flash and new gubbins since they let themselves get thumped before. And <i>I </i>ain’t fought no Tau boyz before. S’called a win-win, ya grot. So!”</span></b><br/>
<br/>
The power klaw closed, tearing the lesser warboss apart and then twitched, one point tapping an inch into the chest of another nob.<br/>
<br/>
<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(0, 102, 0)">“</span><b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(0, 102, 0)">You’ze in charge o dem boyz now, Zagrop, and iffin I hear of you’ze leading a raid on humie areas instead’a’my orderz, you’ze gonna die next! Got it!?”</span></b><br/>
<br/>
“Uh, yes boss!”<br/>
<br/>
<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(0, 102, 0)">"'Sides, we ain't gonna be here forever. Dere is plenty other foights ta get ter, and I ain't plannin' on missing out."</span></b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================​</div><br/>
In the end, the Fourth Sphere Expansion died not at the hands of the Imperium, nor from the machinations of Chaos, neither the byzantine manipulations of the Eldar, nor cold calculations of the Necron, but by the sheer and unbridled brutality of the greenskins. Flags newly planted were burned down or used as loincloths or scraps. Tens of millions of settlers from a number of races under the auspices of the Tau Empire died. Even some of the worlds taken, settled, and fortified in the Third Sphere were torn, bloodily, from the grip of the Tau. Troves of technology, of ‘gubbinz’, of wiring, were ripped from battlesuits, from tanks, from starships, from the very cities themselves, all for the benefit of the greenskins and their meks. On over a dozen worlds, new ships, new factories, new gargants were being built. <br/>
<br/>
He had fought his way free of Deliverance. Had crushed the Deathmarks that the Maynarkh Dynasty had sent after him. Had barely even been aware of the killing of a dozen Vindicare by kommandos, had stomped the Callidus that close enough into paste, and had happily torn apart the Eversors that he allowed to get close. With his own jaws, he had bitten the Lictors sent after him apart. The daemons had been fun, for a time, even. It had taken decades for the Great WAAAAGH!! to finally collapse, but it had. <br/>
<br/>
However.<br/>
<br/>
There yet remained many, many orks left in the galaxy.<br/>
<br/>
And the Prophet still lived. <br/>
<br/>
And so long as he did, he would never stop preaching for unending war.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================<br/>​</div>Over Armageddon, a terribly battered Gloriana-class battleship tore out of the warp. It bore heavy damage in almost every section, entire decks crushed under some unknown impacts, and there were even marks of claws that must have been kilometers long that had scored its hull. <br/>
<br/>
"I...I don't believe it. By the God-Emperor, we're free! I...wait, distress hymnals in all directions, we're...we've reached Armageddon, but...,"<br/>
<br/>
"Synching chronos with outbound signals...,"<br/>
<br/>
"Speak, Tech-Marine."<br/>
<br/>
"I..."<br/>
<br/>
On the deck of the <i>Eternal Crusader, </i>High Marshal Helbrecht and Comissar Yarrick stared down at the wasteland that had become more than a third of Armageddon. Below, oceans of greenskins boiled and fought against the Imperial defenders. Even now, despite their new arrival, they were receiving both hails and broadcast insults and threats from Imperial and greenskin ships respectively. <br/>
<br/>
"It has been decades, High Marshal. Decades."</div>
  </body>
</html>