<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Seven)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Seven)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan: Spin the Cylinder </span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-[X] Write-in: Move the fleet directly above the shipyard (to interpose it between our fleet and the planetary defenses) in a rotating cylinder formation. The space marines will board the shipyard and deal with the docked ships while the fleet fights the rest of the enemy forces engaging with them.<br/>
--[X] The cylinder formation will look like a cylinder of ships oriented "vertically" above the shipyard; like circling the wagons over the shipyard, except with wagons floating over other wagons. We will bring that formation there by bringing our ships "above" the shipyard while out of range of the planetary defenses before pushing directly "down" towards the shipyard with our toughest/least damaged ships at the front (which will be the "bottom" of the cylinder once it's in place). The cylinder will continuously rotate around the vertical axis of the cylinder, repairing, stabilizing shields, and preparing fresh broadsides while on the side of the cylinder facing away from the enemy fleet forces. Our ships will "roll ship", i.e. rotate on their horizontal axis, and swap which side is on the safe inside of the cylinder to protect/repair a side that was taking more damage and/or swap out which broadside they're using as advisable. The troop transports and the Litany of Fury are inside the cylinder, with the Litany of Fury in between the transports and the shipyard to soak fire.<br/>
---[X] Fleet targeting priorities: focus down the monitors first with most weapons. Once the monitors are down concentrate on focusing down the Dark Mechanicum ships if any are still engaging. Our SCs will use their bombardment cannons against the orbital defense stations however since those are most effective against stationary targets.<br/>
---[X] Throughout, whenever ships can free up a broadside to target docked ships (e.g., by rolling ship to use the inside-the-cylinder broadside while they are on a side of the cylinder facing away from enemy fleet elements to target before rolling back) they will use them to attack the docked CSM ships, targeting the Strike Cruisers as first preference and the Battle Barge as secondary preference. If the orbital defense stations on the "away-facing" side of the cylinder are proving too much trouble and the SC bombardment cannons aren't taking them out quickly enough, any such "freed up" broadsides will target them instead.<br/>
---[X] The Litany of Fury will focus fire from its remaining weapon arrays on knocking out the shipyard's point defenses, prioritizing any that might be in a position to shoot past the Litany and target the troop transports. The Litany of Fury and the point defense on the other ships at that end of the cylinder will shift all fire to targeting anything that launches from the docked CSM ships if/when they try to launch anything, however. Any fighters in the area will likewise prioritize shooting down anything launching from the CSM ships.<br/>
---[X] Ignore docked enemy ships unless they manage to undock; in that case finish them off before returning to the priorities above. If multiple ships manage to undock, any CSM ships undocking take immediate highest priority.<br/>
--[X] Boarding Priority list: Strike Cruisers -&gt; Battle Barge 'Ruination of Purity' -&gt; Hecate-class Cruisers -&gt; Carnage-class Cruisers -&gt; Iconoclast Destroyers.<br/>
---[X] When boarding, focus on destroying the controls/mechanisms that would be used to allow the docked ships to unmoor, ideally from inside the shipyard. Either way, try to also lockdown/jam the airlocks etc. that would be used to board the shipyard from the ships. Each independently-operating detachment of marines will have two tech-priests with them to assist with this; each tech-priest will have a marine assigned as a personal bodyguard, and each pair of tech-priests will be kept physically separated from each other (insofar as feasible) to make it harder to take them both out at once. The necessary tech-priests will be transferred from Graves' ships before the fleet approaches. Each tech-priest may bring one servitor with them for assistance.<br/>
---[X] As advisable/feasible, leave defensive detachments by the CSM ships to fortify and take advantage of the natural chokepoints of the airlocks/docking connections for if/when the CSM try to break through, withdrawing to rejoin the main detachments if it looks like a position could be in danger of being overrun.<br/>
---[X] Once the docked ships are stuck, divert the shipyard (and hence all its attached ships) into the most direct collision course possible with the largest complex at the center of the web. If this tactic becomes unfeasible due to taking too long or for any other reason, change priority to simply destroying the ships.<br/>
--[X] Assuming the shipyard is successfully diverted as planned, the cylinder formation will initially move with the shipyard as it is redirected to keep it between them and the planet; once it appears the enemy's planetary defenses realize they will need to target the shipyard to try to break it up before impact, the fleet will take advantage of this changed priority to disengage in relative safety.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><u>Voting Moratorium: 12 Hours</u><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
The various captains of the fleet paused for approximately two seconds before responding to Tarkus’ orders. The moment they’d come into closer range, the monitors began to advance. Though they were not the size of battleships or even necessarily cruisers, their equipment could not be discounted. Without the bulk and energy draw of the engines and systems required for Warp travel and in certain cases even moving beyond a small area around their planet of responsibility, such vessels could wield weapons of devastating effectiveness. The thought had come to Tarkus like a bolt of lightning as he’d scrutinized the enemy defenses, the placement of their stations, and the shipyard where the quarry they’d come to chase had hastily ensconced themselves. Immediately, the ships of the Imperial Navy, battered but not yet broken, pushed forward in response not only to the monitors but the rapidly moving ships of the Dark Mechanicus. The vessels of the Blood Ravens, by contrast, rushed past as quickly as they could, for their course would take them directly to the shipyard before any other vessel. Below, at least a dozen massive anti-orbital defense lasers lit up on the auspex, charging themselves to fire at extreme range.<br/>
<br/>
There was a very short estimated time before they fired.<br/>
<br/>
“I sure hope you know what you’re doing, space marine,” Admiral Graves said through gritted teeth as the first long range weapon exchanges began. “And may the God-Emperor be with you.”<br/>
<br/>
“May He be with us all,” Inquisitor Adrastia said coolly as her own ship joined the vessels of the Imperial Navy.<br/>
<br/>
The most critical part, of course, was the troop transports. More vulnerable than any other ship present, they would have to rush above the shipyard and attempt to find some measure of safety, if such a thing could be possible at all.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Advancing Past 78 vs. 60</b><br/>
<br/>
Weapon arrays fired and void shields flared. The initial salvoes chipped the plating on some of the cruisers of the Imperial Navy, but the doughty ships of the Blood Ravens soared forward on wings of fire without a single void shield breaking. They had, of all the ships of the Imperium present, sustained essentially no damage at all. Their skill and speed had served them in the previous fight, and served them well now. Though the point defenses of the shipyard were not inconsiderable, they were not, in truth, rated for taking down ships meant to sit over planets and lay siege to them. Tremendous lance blasts fired from the monitors, yet before they could focus fire on any of the strike cruisers or the troop transports behind them, the Imperial Navy had closed to optimum range. Orbital stations began to rotate, to turn, reactors glowing and ammo loading, each of them a piece of dread artifice crafted by the Dark Mechanicus many decades ago. But most direly important, thankfully, the defense lasers on the planet below remained lit, charged, and yet they could not fire, lest they strike the shipyard itself.<br/>
<br/>
“Bombardment cannons loaded, Captain,” a servitor connected to the weapon’s systems calmly stated. “Boarding pods and assault rams prepared.”<br/>
<br/>
“Fire and deploy, brothers!” Tarkus called across the command vox channel as he stomped onto the teleportarium platform.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Assembling Cylinder 34 vs. 50<br/>
<br/>
Deploying Boarders 72 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
Though the Litany of Fury was undoubtably damaged, with its void shields reduced to 50% capacity and over two thirds of its weapons slagged, it remained a powerful implement of war. As a bulwark, if nothing else, its hull capable of withstanding even greater damage for far longer. As such, when the first few lance blasts struck it, the first torpedoes snaking their way forward, it joined the cylinder formation and utilized what weapons it had as well as its own bulk to serve before maneuvering horizontally while aligned vertically to protect the troop transports. Assault rams thumped out down towards the shipyard where so many ships yet waited, several of them straining to try and force themselves out of the docking clamps which had held them in place for repairs. The cylinder came into place, then, as all ships present managed to join the formation, but it was not without damage. Some of the ships of the Imperial Navy trailed, their engines stuttering at final moments, their techpriests screeching about a ‘corrupted Noosphere and scrap code assaults’ allowing torpedoes to strike them in the rear. The monitors and the Dark Mechanicus ships rushed forwards, desperate to force the enemy back out from the shield that the shipyard had inadvertently become. The strike cruisers of the Blood Ravens, by contrast, angled themselves so that their bombardment cannons could fire upon stationary targets while their other weapon arrays fired at other targets.<br/>
<br/>
All the while, a storm of fury and adamantium was thrust down into the belly of the shipyard proper.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================​</div><br/>
The <i>Joyous Lament</i> and <i>Rex Magnifica</i>’s previous affiliations were wholly unknown, by this point. Perhaps they had never been loyal ships to the Imperium at all. It was not beyond the Dark Mechanicus to create new vessels whole cloth, things filled with fell technosorceries and made with stolen STC plans. In the end, it didn’t matter. Though they had sustained very little damage, at least compared to the rest of the initial fleet that had confronted the interlopers, they had still entered the docks to patch what damage they had taken. After all, they deserved such things, their crews and complements being superior to the slavering creatures that Vandis favored out of jealousy. Thus, they had taken priority, and so were in the near absolute center of the shipyard, the ship crewed by the mortals spiraling outwards in order of entry and importance. Yet now that same insistence had turned against them. The destroyers were already halfway released from docking, still trailing atmosphere and their weapons sparking, but it would take far longer for them to be freed unless they outright forced themselves out of the shipyard – sustained damage and dealing damage to the center of the shipyard itself.<br/>
<br/>
Secondary concerns, at best.<br/>
<br/>
For the Blood Ravens had come for them.<br/>
<br/>
The shock of discovering a massive Black Legion base had passed. The information, the realization, had been taken, examined, and accepted with all the grim fatality that space marines possessed. For they had been born, crafted, into war. There was no space marine that had died peacefully in the history of the Imperium. At peace, occasionally, if the death was worthy, was satisfactory. And, in truth, there were fewer more satisfactory deaths, more worthy deaths, than battling chaos space marines. Traitors, fallen creatures of foul character and weak wills. Betrayers of the Imperium, of the Emperor. Thus, shock turned to acceptance, turned to righteous fury and anger. Vengeance needed to be taken for the Honor Guard, for Captain Doukas Laskaris, for Apollo Diomedes and Chapter Master Angelos. For all the uncounted fallen slain by the Black Legion since the Horus Heresy. The 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, led by their Captain, appeared on the <i>Joyous Lament </i>in flashes of lightning and thunder, and less than a heartbeat later began firing. There was no hesitation offered, for none was given by the chaos space marines and cultists present upon those ships. The situation was similar upon the <i>Rex Magnifica</i> the moment the terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company arrived.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>BLOOOOOOOD RAAAAAAAAVEEEEEEENS</b>!!!”<br/>
<br/>
The bellowed voice of Mortirex boomed across the vox systems of the Chaos ships, followed shortly by a deep guffaw.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“BRAVE OF YOU TO COME HERE, STRAIGHT INTO OUR TEETH!” </b>He laughed again, voice bending and bouncing around the corridors that were illuminated by dim red lighting and the muzzle flashes of many bolters. <b>“Brave, but stupid! Perhaps if I peel your helmets off, I will find Butcher’s Nails! But then, such sodden collapsed brains as must reside in your glass boned bodies and covered by your paper thin skins is more likely the simple result of your suckling at the Emperor’s rotten desiccated toes for a salvation that will never come!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus did not even bother responding.<br/>
<br/>
He had traitors to kill.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Boarding Parties: 88 vs. 7</b><br/>
<br/>
And kill traitors the Blood Ravens did.<br/>
<br/>
Sergeant Stromahn crushed the head and upper torso of a charging Khornate berserkers with his power fist before shoving his storm bolter into the open mouth of a possessed marine and firing until the smallest tendrils stopped twitching. Around him, the rest of his terminators fired at their attackers while behind him Sergeant Minos liberally smashed apart consoles and mechanisms at the directives of the tech-priests that had accompanied them. To be frank, the tech-priests were terrified, screeching in frantic binary at one another as they worked, but then they’d never expected to be part of boarding parties in their lives. Especially not ones like this, where the goal was not even immediate destruction, but blocking.<br/>
<br/>
Chief Librarian Justinius did not even turn his head as he struck out with his force staff, catching a surprisingly silent chaos space marine around the midsection. The power sword that had been about to plunge into his back dropped uselessly to the ground as the staff passed through the chaos space marine’s midsection. Though it was not a force sword, in truth the limitations of the physical world were more guidelines to psykers such as he. Instead it was a blade of pure psychic force that cut the marine in half, flash-boiling the organs within fatally. Nearby, other librarians fought the enemy, deployed despite their rank by virtue of the fact that they just needed that many more hands firing bolters and plasma guns. Docking clamps were slagged, airlocks were literally melted and blocked off by the hands of Epistolary Idmon. Codicier Aeneas, on the other hand, who had proven to have little psychic skills in all but a few sectors, was of no help for such matters. On the other hand, he was perfectly suited for killing the enemy while the rest of his brothers worked, dipping in and out of the Warp and leaving severed body parts and multi-parted corpses in his only occasionally present wake.<br/>
<br/>
By pure serendipity alone, or perhaps not, the tech-priests spoke in the same span of seconds.<br/>
<br/>
“Docking systems partitioned and disabled!”<br/>
<br/>
“Then onwards, brothers!” Tarkus yelled immediately. “The shields of the shipyard have regenerated, we must move on foot! Speed is of the essence!”<br/>
<br/>
“MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
Above, in the void, the battle was just as fierce.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Cylinder Over Opus Maxima: 41 vs. 19</b><br/>
<br/>
The monitors were burning hulks, as were a number of orbital stations, but the damned ships of the Dark Mechanicus were as of yet practically untouched, despite the damage that had been sustained by the ships of the Imperial Navy in the fight thus far. They fired with their own long range weaponry, skating across and popping the void shields of his ships, but managed to skitter backwards the moment he tried to do the same to them. The tech-priests were already screeching about ‘breaching the holy specifications laid down by the Omnissiah’, but all that mattered was that the enemy kept backing off faster than he could get any damage on them. It couldn’t last, not in the long run. A death by a thousand cuts? Not on his watch.<br/>
<br/>
“Could never stand a dance partner that won’t bloody commit,” Joshua Graves muttered as he scrutinized the actuality sphere. “Will someone <i>please</i> get a lance lock on those damned ships?!” He shouted to the rest of the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
“Trying, Admiral, but…the auspex, the targeting cogitators keep fuzzing up!” His chief gunnery officer shouted back. “It’s not just the lances, it’s the macro cannons as well!”<br/>
<br/>
Graves dragged his hand down his sweaty face and grimaced.<br/>
<br/>
“All right. We do this the hard way then. Load up some interceptors with targeting lasers,” he said with a bowing of his head.<br/>
<br/>
It was, effectively, a death sentence for several of the pilots. He knew it. They knew it. The point defenses of the Dark Mechanicus ships were as untouched as the rest of them. Whatever sensor baffling they possessed was effective only at long range, not close range, as he’d managed to figure out before the cylinder was fully assembled. Thus, the interceptors would have to fly up, and close, and maintain locks so that the weapons of the actual ships could find their targets. In the meantime, they would absolutely take casualties. At such distances, ejecting would only prolong death for a short time. Given how the battle was going, there was no chance that Graves would be able to retrieve them in time before their oxygen ran out – if the enemy didn’t kill them first.<br/>
<br/>
At least they got most of the orbitals and monitors down.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Undocking: 20</b><br/>
<br/>
“Admiral! Enemy ships undocking! Destroyers, Iconoclast-class!”<br/>
<br/>
“God Emperor’s <i>blood</i>,” Graves snarled. “Redirect, redirect now!”<br/>
<br/>
Trailing fire, critically damaged in almost every system, he could tell by the auspex readings of their strained engines – the destroyers had no intention of returning to dock. Any dock. Ever. The fire ships had been useful, those that had actually been utilized properly and not blown up fruitlessly. Just went to show that perhaps there was a reason the Imperial Navy was the main power in the void, and not the space marines who sometimes forgot not all ships were built like their own. Now, before his very eyes, the destroyers were accelerating for one final explosion, one last act of devotion and sacrifice before their blasted Dark Gods.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Killing Suicide: 46</b><br/>
<br/>
Graves breathed a sigh of relief as all five went up in explosions that thankfully only buffeted his ships, but the relief died quickly as he watched the interceptors launch and head out.<br/>
<br/>
“Let’s make their sacrifice count!” He called, “Be ready for targeting laser locks!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Boarding Parties: 65 vs. 5</b><br/>
<br/>
In a direct reversal of the immediate past, now it was the Blood Ravens charging into the depths of a traitor-held battle barge. Unlike the strike cruisers, however, where they had pushed through quickly, Tarkus was quick to note that the chaos space marines present were far cannier. Minute differences in heraldry was enough for him to denote the difference, especially after moving from one ship to the other. The <i>Ruination of Purity</i> had, based on his estimates of the enemy the Blood Ravens had met so far, barely delivered any of its own marines onto the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. Rather, it had been the space marines of its attendant strike cruisers that had so dedicated themselves to the fight, and thus had been depleted by the time the Blood Ravens boarded them.<br/>
<br/>
“Pull back!” He called aloud, “This corridor is impassable!”<br/>
<br/>
This was a lie.<br/>
<br/>
Though the quad-linked heavy bolter turret and the chaos space marine havoc squad were dangerous, they were not undefeatable. Codicier Aeneas could literally walk up to them through the warp and cut apart their number. Or grenades could be phased forward with the aid of another Librarian. But that would not occur. Instead, the Blood Ravens followed his orders, to the laughter and raucous cries of the enemy. Similar actions occurred elsewhere, sergeants declaring that the enemy fire was ‘too much’, or that they had to perform tactical withdrawals to avoid being flanked and surrounded. It strained at the Blood Ravens to do so, and the mockery of Mortirex at their absolute failure to penetrate into the depths of the ship proper burned at their souls, but Tarkus weathered it all.<br/>
<br/>
The point was not to destroy the ship, nor even to take Mortirex.<br/>
<br/>
“Speak to me, tech-priest,” he ordered as he fired his bolt pistol down the corridor, laying down covering fire along with the two present squads to keep the enemy back.<br/>
<br/>
“Nearly done…successful,” the toneless amalgam of cybernetics and flesh announced, standing up from the guts – also an amalgam of foul organs and rusty pulsating metal – and made the sign of the Omnissiah. “The machine spirits are insane, maddened, and are thus led to turn spite upon spite.”<br/>
<br/>
Muted booms in the distance heralded a crackling as the vox opened.<br/>
<br/>
“Melta charges detonated, Captain,” Sergeant Stromahn said calmly despite the thunder of a nearby assault cannon.<br/>
<br/>
“Good work, sergeant.”<br/>
<br/>
Like blood, they turned and flowed out of the ship at rapid speed. At first, the chaos space marines cheered and laughed as the Blood Ravens showed them their backsides. Then, however, they realized what had happened as chittering cherubs bound with umbilical cording chattered out regular progress reports of ongoing repairs – or the lack thereof.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You…ahah…ahahah! Cowardly! Clever! You are too afraid to face us? Well, do not worry, Blood Ravens!</b>” Mortirex boomed and laughed, a clear edge of anger now present. “<b>We…will come…<i>to you</i>.”</b><br/>
<br/>
From out of the <i>Ruination of Purity</i>, the Blood Ravens had flowed outwards, sweeping towards their next targets. Shortly afterwards, however, the battle barge spewed forth a new tide from its wounds into the surrounding environs of the shipyard. This time, however, where ceramite-coated adamantium boots walked, there were painted black and encrusted with filth and blood. What had become and orderly redeployment became an embattled conflict, Blood Ravens outright retreating towards their next targets. The Black Legion was not willing to give up the fight, not just yet. Not after the loyalists had so insulted them, offering battle and then fleeing.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Void Combat: 30 vs. 86</b><br/>
<br/>
“The <i>Sword of Light</i> is gone, Admiral.”<br/>
<br/>
“I can see that,” Graves spat, glaring at the tumbling wreckage that had once been a proud Lunar-class cruiser.<br/>
<br/>
It hadn’t worked. The moment the interceptors had gotten in range, the Dark Mechanicus ships had reconfigured…<i>something</i>…and suddenly the targeting lasers had been refracted and shifted. No targets had been locked, and so the painful dance continued. The enemy would move in, attack, deal damage, and then retreat the moment their shields took enough damage. This time, however, they had managed to guide slowed torpedoes through the debris of the monitors directly into the <i>Sword of Light</i>. Advanced guidance systems, auspex and target baffling, higher speed engines and multi-emitter void shield sectors. It was more than frustrating, it was turning deadly. The orbitals and monitors were gone, but at this point he was realizing just why they had four ships. They didn’t need any more than that, if they couldn’t be hit. It was like fighting Eldar, of all things.<br/>
<br/>
“Eldar,” Graves muttered. “Like Eldar.”<br/>
<br/>
The Dark Mechanicus had no principles. No honor. No restrictions. No ethics. Nothing that would prevent them from aping xenos, from meshing the pure mechanisms of the Omnissiah with that of the foul alien.<br/>
<br/>
“Reload incendiary torpedoes,” he growled. “Rotate the cylinder, ships without torpedoes or launchers forward. Can anyone tell me what the Inquisitor is doing?”<br/>
<br/>
“She’s had her ship focusing on the point defenses of the shipyard, Admiral.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Undocking: 17</b><br/>
<br/>
“Cruisers are withdrawing from docking!”<br/>
<br/>
Immediately, Graves shifted the actuality sphere’s image with his fingers. Both Hecate-class and one Carnage-class. The remaining three Carnage-class ships hadn’t yet gotten through a quarter of the proceedings.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Inquisitorial Boot: 63 vs. 34</b><br/>
<br/>
It appeared that was precisely what the Inquisitor had been waiting for. The guns of her Vengeance-class Grand Cruiser opened up entirely upon the oncoming ships. The point defenses had been struck solely by well-targeted macro cannons. Now those macro cannons joined with lance arrays and a series of plasma projectors and fusion beamers that were entirely absent from standard Vengeance pattern weapon allotments fired. The cruisers had been barely hanging on before they’d successfully retreated to Opus Maxima, their repairs direly needed. At the moment, they hadn’t even gotten their shields back online just yet, and thus their fate was sealed. They, too, appeared willing to sell their lives in service to Chaos, and yet it was the black ship of Inquisitor Adrastia of the Ordo Hereticus which ended them before they could.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Boarding While Surrounded: 89 vs. 26<br/>
<br/>
Aggressive Stealth: 50 vs. 83</b><br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens were now faced on all sides. Ahead, the defenders of the remaining docked cruisers were preemptively attacking them, for their plan had been discovered and relayed by that point. The defenders of the shipyard, legions of skitarii and mutated cybernetically enhanced abominations, began to swarm and attack like a bio-mechanical immune system attacking a virus. Behind them, howling for their blood, the Black Legion chaos space marines pursued them after the Blood Ravens had successfully ensured their ships would remain locked in place. All the while, the shipyard itself proved an uncooperative battlefield. Doors and bulkheads slid and locked, oxygen vented and lights blinked or grew so bright as to be blinding. Minor things, all told, but every obstacle aided the enemy and hindered the Blood Ravens that much more.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t enough.<br/>
<br/>
Assault cannons whirred, thunder hammers smashed, and bolters roared. Chainswords and combat knives dug through gene-hound throats and plunged into cultist eyes. Power fists smashed through blocked passages, and heavy flamers incinerated charges of near-mindless zealots. The Blood Ravens were surrounded, and yet they remained an inexorable boulder that rumbled forwards. Again, the Librarians showed just why a single psyker was often enough for an entire company in other chapters, and just why the Blood Ravens had relied on them for so long. In truth, it was not even Justinius as the Chief Librarian who distinguished himself most of the Librarium. Instead, it was two others. The first was Epistolary Idmon, who could literally warp and melt the bulkheads, the ceilings, the floors, and force new molten tunnels forward outside of pre-defined paths. Thus, the Blood Ravens avoided ambush, flank, and sure casualties. The second was Codicier Aeneas, who faced such flanking attacks when they were unavoidable, leaving only carnage in his wake.<br/>
<br/>
In truth, however, every Blood Raven accounted well for themselves. Whether of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company or the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, they tore their way through the ranks of the enemy while trading fire with the chaos space marines rushing up from behind. There were sightings of Mortirex, but no outright confrontations just yet. His foul presence within the warp was a cloying and unmissable thing, thankfully, and as such Justinius could guide his brothers away from the increasingly gleeful fury of the Chaos Lord. This close, without the fog over his sight created by the sorcerer, Justinius could see the horrifying power within the traitor’s weapon, the multiple daemons bound within it, but also of the traitor himself. Well-acquainted with the lore within the records, he could see the signs. The energies, the way they swirled inwards, ever condensing, ever thickening and solidifying, melding with flesh and armor alike.<br/>
<br/>
Mortirex was coming dangerously close to either exploding as the ‘favor’ of the Chaos Gods became too much for him to take, or ascending to something altogether worse.<br/>
<br/>
Even from here, half the shipyard away, Justinius could see it all too clearly in horrifying detail. It was like watching a clogged wellspring be cleared. A volcano that had slumbered beginning to wake again. It was slow, at the moment, and in that moment it further crystallized for the Chief Librarian. All those decades spent inactive, relatively at least, had put a stopper to things. It had literally slowed development, slowed the transformation, until it had become practically frozen in the amber of boredom. But with the shedding of blood, of true conflict, the energies were beginning to swirl about again. The desire for extending the conflict took on yet another dark facet, in that moment. If, indeed, it had ended too quickly, it might not be enough. But the longer the fight took, the more conflict, the more bloodshed, heightened emotions and potential for so-called glorious deeds…<br/>
<br/>
“Ships reached, Chief Librarian. We are entering the Hecate-class ships now!”<br/>
<br/>
Justinus blinked and turned back to the fight, having been so focused on his scrying that he had barely noticed them arriving at their next destination. A fusillade of multi-las fire had turned the armor of numerous Blood Ravens white hot with heat even as they charged through the airlocks. The Chapter had already boarded the other ships, this was the last. They would have to be quick, over half the clamps were already unlatched. They might not have managed to get all of them, but they would get some. They had to. The longer this took, the worse things could become.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain," he said quietly into the vox, "There's something you should know about Mortirex."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Void Combat: 80 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
“Burn, you mongrels!” Graves howled as the incendiary torpedoes erupted.<br/>
<br/>
They had not struck the Dark Mechanicus ships directly. But then, they had not needed to do so. They had done their jobs. Fire clung to them, lighting up the darkness between the stars with flames enough to burn whole cities. Suddenly, all the light refraction and holographic field projectors in the system could not keep up with the conflagration that spread across their hulls. By that point, the cylinder had rotated and expanded to a near rectangular pane, if tightly pressed together. If the space marines wanted to complain about Graves changing the formation, they could do it after the battle was over. For now, their auspex scans did not need to find the illusive ships. They just needed to point at the gigantic heat signatures in space that were not there before and shoot the absolute living hell out of them. Literally, in the case of the Dark Mechanicus, whose ships often mixed daemons and machinery without a care in the world for the internals of their ships. Even as the flames spread, the ships turned at insane speeds to attempt to retreat.<br/>
<br/>
“All ships! Fire at will! Target their engines! Don’t let the bastards get away again!”<br/>
<br/>
Fire joined fire, as holes were punched into the hulls of the hereteks. Lances and hastily fired torpedoes joined with macro cannon blasts and more. Explosions rippled across the rear of all four ships, engines not dimming but outright torn apart, sending them rotating without the ability to check their own movement. Soon enough they would be out of range for many weapon types, but not out of range for Graves’ bombers and every lance array he could find. One servitor linked to the <i>Spiraling Fury</i>’s bombardment cannon noted a statistically likely chance of success and fired, sending a shell meant to crack open planetary void shields directly into the backside of the largest Dark Mechanicus ship, blowing the back third of the ship apart. The servitor noted the successful shot in its logs and turned back to its duties.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Undocking: 42</b><br/>
<br/>
“Cruiser undocking! Just the one though, I think the space marines have bloody done it!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Crusher of Heretics: 50</b><br/>
<br/>
“They’re the bloody Blood Ravens, you twit,” Graves snapped at the crewman with a vicious smile on his face. “I think…yes. The Inquisitor has it.”<br/>
<br/>
Again, the multitude of non-regulation weaponry of the Inquisitor’s vessel unleashed themselves. Though the Vengeance-class ships were regarded as old and mostly obsolete, apparently no one had told the Inquisition that. If every Vengeance had such weaponry and shielding, the things would have had pride of place in any fleet in any Segmentum. But then, its upgrades and altered systems surely cost far too much to make that a viable prospect. In any case, that didn’t matter as much as the fact that the cylinder needed to reform properly, a delicate yet vital maneuver to keep the shipyard between them and the planetary defense lasers. Which were still threateningly lit up. On the one hand, it was giving them good signs of where they were. On the other, he’d already run the calculations through the cogitators, and they would have to pull backwards far sooner than initial estimates, even if the mad plan of throwing their own shipyard at them worked. They’d been opened up to the perimeter defense lasers far sooner than estimated.<br/>
<br/>
“Admiral!”<br/>
<br/>
“What!?” He whirled at the tech-priests frantic scream. “What is it?!”<br/>
<br/>
The devotee of the Omnissah stabbed a finger at the images displayed on their console.<br/>
<br/>
“The shipyard, it moves unbidden to our directives! Out of schedule! Our tech-priests do not yet control its maneuvering jets or orbital drives!”<br/>
<br/>
Graves gaped.<br/>
<br/>
“What?!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================================​</div><br/>
Tarkus frowned as the entire shipyard seemed to shudder at once. He could tell, even minutely, that there was far too much movement than there should have been. The docking clamps had been slagged, re-enabled and then shut off, and yet a terrible sense of foreboding came upon him. It only got worse as he was joined by Justinius, whose face had suddenly gone white, all the while the tech-priests that had come with them were all screeching in binary, frantically working multiple nearby consoles. All around them, there was fighting, as ever more slaves of the Dark Gods came after them. For the moment, the Black Legion seemed to have backed off, but only slightly. Briefly, he scanned the area and the makeshift barricades that had been put into place before Tarkus had boarded the last of the Carnage-class cruisers and helped force it to remain in place. The last that Justinius had informed him was that he had felt the suffocating presence of Mortirex half-way across the station, even as he drove his traitor brethren after them.<br/>
<br/>
“Chief Librarian, report!” He said before both ducked slightly as a screaming gene-hound with heavy bolters for arms fired wildly at them.<br/>
<br/>
“The shipyard is descending ahead of schedule,” Justinius said promptly.<br/>
<br/>
Then the vox crackled.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Do you think me a fool, Blood Ravens?”</b> Mortirex’s usual booming roar had become a low, sibilant hiss that nevertheless retained enough volume to blow the eardums of a child into red mulch. “<b>That I cannot see what you are doing, have done? Hah! Little children, hiding behind the skirts of the Dark God’s artifice like a child seeking a stranger’s help!</b>”<br/>
<br/>
A sound of metal creaking and tearing came through the vox.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“You think to use this shipyard as a shield? THEN I WILL TAKE IT FROM YOU!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus’ eyes widened as he felt another shipyard-wide rumble as the gravity of Opus Maxima began to tug on it more heavily.<br/>
<br/>
“Enemy commander Mortirex location identified!” A tech-priest called out, oil weeping from beneath the green of his mechanical eyes. “Shipyard command center, location avoided due to heavy defenses and demands of ordered directives!”<br/>
<br/>
“Maneuvering thrusters engaged! Orbital drives no longer preventing gravity well from reacquiring station!” Another stated, mechadendrites wriggling nervously.<br/>
<br/>
“Can we teleport?” Tarkus asked aloud, looking from Librarian to tech-priest and back again.<br/>
<br/>
Neither assault rams nor boarding pods could provide return trips, they were meant to be recovered afterwards or replaced entirely. The goal had been to disable the void shield arrays of the shipyard and then teleport to safety, or to reach a hangar bay and retreat in thunderhawks.<br/>
<br/>
“Shipyard void shields have just completed regeneration cycle and are at full power! Teleport impossible! Warning, shipyard’s descent is removing shielding position from allied vessels,” another tech-priest all but wailed. “Teleportation grows more unsafe with distance!”<br/>
<br/>
That was putting it lightly. The greater the distance, the greater the chance that the subject might outright never return from the Warp. Or, if they did return, not whole or unchanged. It didn't help that the system was tainted with Chaos. Already, Justinius had described how the Warp writhed with daemons here. Teleporting at all would briefly expose all who utilized it to such things. On the other hand, the teleportariums of the Blood Ravens were highly sophisticated, and the aid of the Librarius could hopefully ward off the worst potential side effects of travel.<br/>
<br/>
“Mortirex! What in the name of the Omnissiah do you think you are doing!?” A new voice screeched onto the shipyard’s broadcast systems, this one wholly mechanical and androgynous yet audibly shaking with fury. “That shipyard is-,”<br/>
<br/>
“<b>A <i>liability</i>, Fabricator-General</b>,” Mortirex interrupted with a dark chuckle<b>. “Or are you incapable of calculating the percentage that they would have done so themselves if they had the chance? The moment the shipyard is moved, begin firing on the Imperium's ships with the defense lasers. Salve the wound of the shipyard's loss with a pretty painting in the sky made of blood and metal.</b>”<br/>
<br/>
Mechanized sputtering was the only immediate answer.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain, the command remains yours. What are your orders?” Justinius looked at Tarkus with a raised eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
The shipyard was hurtling down, and they were trapped on it. The further it moved, the more impossible retrieval could become. the further it moved, the more anti-orbital defense lasers would be able to fire upon the ships of the Imperium, which with every second they were beginning to leave behind. Around them, the skitarii, the gene-hounds, the cultists swarmed. With plasma guns, high powered las rifles, grenades and explosives, they were not equipped poorly at all, and in fact were proving as fanatically willing to die simply to injure a Blood Raven as was expected. More so, even. One way or another, the fleet would have to pull back as the shipyard dipped lower, opening them up to the defense lasers. The troop transports and the <i>Litany </i>especially.<br/>
<br/>
A decision had to be made, and quickly.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Captain Tarkus, What Shall You Do?:</u><br/>
<b>Voting Moratorium: 12 Hours</b><br/>
[] Run For A Hangar: Retreat, and quickly! Reach a hangar with all haste, and try to land as many thunderhawks as possible to withdraw all troops from the shipyard. This will mean combatting point defenses, and will force the ships of the Imperium to linger within the danger zone of becoming vulnerable to the defense lasers on the planet below, but it may be your only chance.<br/>
[] Shut The Shields Down: The only thing preventing retreat by teleport are the overlapping heavy void shields of the shipyard. Shut down the arrays from within, and you will be able to retreat. The station is vast, however, but collapsing a sector's shields should not be beyond the Blood Ravens. Hopefully before the distance reaches the danger zone for teleportation, and before the shipyard impacts below.<br/>
[] Rush Mortirex: He has taken the command center. He is not moving, according to Justinius. The command center could be used to shut down the shields, instantly, across the entire station. Or perhaps even move the shipyard back up slightly, enough to give the fleet time to pull back. Kill him, something that Justinus stresses would be good sooner rather than later, given how the Chaos Lord seems to be feeding upon the fighting.<br/>
[] Write-In:<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Fleet</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Void Shielding At 50%, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
20 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius (+All Unassigned Librarians)<br/>
73 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Remains Unconscious, Repairs Possible By Tech-Priests Accompanying Imperial Guard/Imperial Navy</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 1/3)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class (?)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas<br/>
3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers<br/>
101 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines<br/>
18 Khornate Berserkers<br/>
100 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations<br/>
23 Heavy Combat Servitors<br/>
Dozens of skitarii<br/>
1000~ Cultist Troopers<br/>
10 Soulrend Obliterators</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>