<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 27: The Tobol</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 27: The Tobol</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally
[*] Asarnil the Dragonlord
[*] Ice Crone Ljiljana
[*] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[*] Deathfang



Fort Straghov would have to be extremely alarmed at the appearance of giant metal behemoths on the horizon, but if the cluster of flags of various Karaks and Colleges didn't convince them to hold their fire, the blue-on-white sword ensign marking the presence of an Ice Witch definitely did the trick. Once they see the largely Dwarven crews and Ljiljana emerges and yells at them in Kislevarin from the prow of the Magnus they're more than happy to allow you on your way.

---

"Too easy," Ljiljana says scornfully as she looks back at Fort Straghov. "Should have checked papers, should have tried to search steam-wagons. Didn't even have to threaten to freeze their yaichki off. Tch, Northerners. Too barbaric for Kislev, not barbaric enough for the Chaos Gods."

"How are you doing?" you ask. "You seem to have gotten your energy back."

"Yha, yha, fretting from Knights was nice but got boring. Will make it home to die in the usual way. Play more rounds of games with the Tzar." She snorts and spits over the railing. "Needs to die already. Fights against threats, yha, but just keeps throne warm when there's nothing around for him to ride out and hit. Doesn't listen to Ice Witches, doesn't listen to courtiers, doesn't listen to diplomats, just listens to generals, who all grow fat and lazy. Young Boris born under good omens, respects the Gods properly, will be better Tzar." She snorts again. "Still, could be worse."

You nod in understanding. Directly after Tzar Alexis who fought in the Great War Against Chaos was Tzarina Kattarin the Bloody, who reigned for a century and a half before being staked, frozen, and supplanted by her son, who proved quite adept at dodging questions about how someone who had been a Vampire for at least a century could have a living human son, and also provided the inspiration for the Tsarevich Pavel Society. After all that, a merely incompetent Tzar must be quite refreshing. "I think most everyone will be returning to politics of some stripe," you venture. "The Dwarves will have a tough time adapting to the results we've delivered, and there seems to be some Engineers Guild disagreements about the steam-wagons themselves. And there's the whole Marienburg situation, too."

She frowns, thinking. "The rebel merchants who block in the Wolfships from hunting Norscans?"

You conceal a smile, remembering Chamberlain von Bitternach's gambit to frame the situation that way to foreign eyes. "The very same. The Dwarves are building canals that threaten their monopoly, and the merchants don't like that."

She frowns. "Have they met Dwarves? Easier to convince the sun to stop turning than to tell them to stop building. But merchants are like that, think gold in a purse means more than steel in a hand. Perhaps Erengrad will go the way of Marienburg one day, guilds richer than boyars."

"Perhaps Kislevite pressure can help resolve the Marienburg situation and defang the trade families, and help keep the merchants in Kislev from growing too big for their boots."

She narrows her eyes at you thoughtfully. "Perhaps," she eventually says. "Will perhaps have a word or two with my sisters. Tzar will only care if it turns into war, but the Tzar is far away. Perhaps we could involve ourselves in the matter, and in doing so build useful ties with the west."

"The Magister Patriarch of my Order has taken a keen interest in the Marienburg situation, and has the ear of the Supreme Patriarch. He would be very open to reaching an agreement on the matter. And the Empress would be just as happy to build new ties with our eastern allies."

"Powerful titles," she says thoughtfully, "and interesting words. I will put them in the right ears."

You nod, smiling. Just a few planted seeds, but they could end up sprouting in all sorts of useful ways.

---

Ever since the Urmskaladrak succumbed to the call of gravity, Asarnil and Deathfang have spent most of their time aloft rather than relaxing atop one of the steam-wagons. Part of the reason for this is practical, as part of the cargo of the Urmskaladrak was the foods that Asarnil prefers and in their absence nothing less than freshly-hunted and Dragon-roasted meat is suitable for his palate, and part of the reason is for the simple reason that the remaining steam-wagons have less deck space and what they do have is largely taken up by cannon and cows. So the only good time to approach the two of them is as the day draws to a close and the steam-wagons come to a halt, and the two of them descend with whatever beast was unfortunate enough to encounter them clutched in Deathfang's claws.

"It is growing increasingly difficult to find anything but trolls and goats," Asarnil says as you approach, seamlessly switching the target of his complaining from Deathfang to you as he carefully examines the day's catch, a heavily-muscled bull. "Take this beast. A bull without horns? What sort of challenge is that? But still preferable to the rest of the creatures nearby."

"A mutation?" you ask, frowning at it.

"No, it's just a quirk of the local species. The first time we came to this part of Norsca, we spent quite some time searching for a 'normal' cow." Deathfang snorts, his eyes not moving from the butchering. "As long as the major organs all look wholesome, this should make for a suitable meal."

"You didn't take it from nearby, did you?"

Asarnil waves a hand dismissively. "I crossed into Aesling territory. If they pay any mind at all, the Baersonlings will be celebrating the theft."

"Any herder should be grateful for the visit," Deathfang says grouchily. "It will be a generation before any wyvern or manticore dares to be seen above their pasture. To charge a single cow for the privilege? It is we that were robbed."

"That was quite a showing against the Norscan."

Asarnil shakes his head as his blade cuts through hide. "Humans have perhaps two or three decades to hone Eldrazor's art before their body begins to fail. Without magic or mutation or blessing, no human has a chance to stand against me. I would have felt pity for him had he not invoked the Blood God."

"So you sacrificed him to Vaul."

"Not the most conventional sacrifice," he says with a smile, "but I trust Vaul would appreciate the spiting of the Bloody-Handed God."

"I've never fully understood how Ulthuan reveres Khaine," you admit carefully. "When His worship reaches our shores, it always ends poorly."

"Oh? I'd have thought that Teclis' acolytes would understand quite clearly. Something in the nature of humanity makes you incapable of proper moderation, perhaps you simply do not have long enough lives to cultivate it. Just as you embrace Ulgu instead of weaving all eight Winds into Qhaysh, human worshippers embrace a single God instead of understanding the place each has in a well-rounded soul."

"Don't Dragon Princes learn just Aqshy?" you ask, perhaps a little stung.

"We're not trying to be Wizards," he says with a tolerant smile. "We adopt a few cantrips to help make our partners comfortable, and to protect ourselves from their flames. We save our full attention for Vaul's works, not Hoeth's, and every one of our number has skill in spears and swords, halberds and lances, whether on foot or on horseback or in partnership with a Dragon. And even then there are those that call us dangerously overspecialized because we do not also develop our skill with a longbow. So we do specialize, in our way. Just as we still revere all the Gods and recognize their place in ourselves, even if there are those we pay especial attention to." He cuts free an organ you'd guess to be a stomach and lifts it up for Deathfang's inspection, who sniffs at it and nods. "The Cytharai represent the world as it is now. The Cadai represent what we strive to make it. To embrace one while ignoring the other leads to either depravity or derangement. So we recognize Khaine just as we recognize that the world contains violence and hatred, but anyone who pays attention to only that facet of life is doomed. It is no wonder that human worship of Him goes poorly."

"So when you go to war, you balance Khaine and Vaul in your thoughts?"

"And Kurnous, and Eldrazor, and Addaioth. They are all facets of the whole. What do you do, without Gods to structure your thoughts around?"

"She serves the Dancer," Deathfang says distractedly. "She was glowing with His energies when she and the Ice Witch returned from spreading devastation."

"Ah," Asarnil says, pausing in his work and looking you over. "That fits. Perhaps that gives you some measure of stability as a counterbalance to the pull of Ulgu." An impatient snort from Deathfang has him return his attention to his work, and with a grunt he pushes a lung aside to expose the heart. "It all looks normal enough," he says after a moment of careful study. "Care for a haunch?"

"Sure, thank you," you say. In truth you are getting rather tired of beef, but a meal with the Dragonlord isn't an opportunity that comes by every day.

Asarnil cuts enough of the hide loose to expose the joints, then cuts the rear legs almost free with deft and practiced bladework. From there you simply have to stand back far enough to give Deathfang room to work, and he exhales what would have to be a very carefully controlled amount of flame in a slow but intense stream. The rest of the camp barely looks up, having grown used to their mealtime preparations. Once Deathfang is done, all that remains is to pull the haunches free from the carcass before Deathfang starts biting chunks out of it, and then carving still-steaming meat off it with a knife. It's certainly tender and juicy, but it doesn't quite live up to Asarnil's claim that Dragon-roasted meat is a world-class delicacy.

"Many of your cities are built on what were once ours, before the..." he glances around the camp. "The disagreement with the Karaz Ankor. Much of Tilea, and Marienburg, of course, but also Altdorf and Talabheim and even Kislev City. So I suppose it is no wonder you added many of our Gods to the pantheons you brought from the east."

"I have heard of some worshipping Kurnous in Talabecland," you concede.

"Yes, I suppose you would have," he says in an amused tone.

"Are you suggesting that Taal and Kurnous are the same?" you ask directly. Cryptic asides are a lot more fun when you're the one making them.

Asarnil smiles archly. "Are you going to suggest that he isn't? That there's two horned Gods of the hunt, two Kings of the wilderness, two husbands to the Goddess of fertility and bounty?"

"Rhya isn't Isha," Deathfang interrupts around a mouthful of beef.

"What?" Asarnil says, taken aback.

"Rhya isn't Isha," Deathfang repeats. "Draugnir joined with your Gods, but Radixashen joined with Rhya. I know not of Kurnous and Taal, but Rhya and Isha are two different beings."

There's quiet as you and Asarnil digest that. "I don't suppose you're going to go any further into that?" Asarnil asks, and Deathfang just grins and takes another bite of cow, and you conceal your smile similarly. "Thought not. Though I don't know if that has any significance. Gods tend to have complicated relationships." You remember your own thoughts about the relationship between Ranald and Shallya, and refrain from commenting. Asarnil sighs. "I never thought I'd get much use out of ancient history when learning it as a child, and here I am living amongst its ruins and trying my best to remember the Tars and Tors and Kors."

"If it helps, I think Altdorf was a Kor. I've heard that the Celestial College's towers are a recreation of an Elven tower that used to stand on that location."

He shakes his head. "No, I'm almost certain the Kor was in Laurelorn."

You let him dwell on that a while as the three of you eat in silence. "Any idea what you'll do after we return to civilization?"

He shrugs. "I'll stop in at Marienburg to pick up some replacement travelling equipment, then keep going west. Do a circuit through Bretonnia, and then down to Estalia and back through Tilea. There's always something interesting or profitable going on somewhere in the Old World."

"Not going to let them court you again?"

"The Marienburgers? No. The more I think about that business, the uglier it seems. It's either going to go nowhere and leave the two of us extremely bored and underpaid, or it's going to get very ugly, and Marienburg is about as bad at gratitude as the Dwarves are at forgiveness, and your Empire is no slouch in the grudge department either. So I'd much rather go on a good straightforward monster-hunt, or browbeat one city-state or another and be paid extremely well for it."

"What is it you do with your payment?" you can't help but ask. "Even the best of food and drink couldn't eat through the amounts you charge."

"Do?" he repeats, confused. "Treasure is not for doing, treasure is for having." Deathfang nods firmly in agreement.

---

"Bloody Marienburg," Egrimm says as you bring the topic up with him. "A thousand curses on Dieter IV and all his kin."

"Does the Light Order have a position on the matter?" you ask carefully.

"Officially, no. You'd think the place would be a breeding ground for apostasy and abomination, but the Star Chamber and Baron Henryk's pick up the slack left by the secular authorities, and as long as that's the case we consider the conflict outside our jurisdiction. Unofficially, the Great Library being all but closed to us gives us a quite large axe to grind, and if the Emperor decides that it's time for the city to return to the fold, he'll find us more than willing to do our duty."

"That's a rather prosaic take," you say.

He shrugs. "We are the Order of Light. Our Wind is the Wind of wisdom and truth. To deny us our books is like denying soil to the Jades."

"I'd wondered about that, actually. If it's the Wind of truth, can you-"

"-use it to identify objective truth?" he finishes, and you nod. "No, sadly. It was the first large-scale experiment the Order of Light ever performed. It's attracted to any moment of revelation, no matter how flawed or factually incorrect it may be. Pity, if it could be used in that way we'd put the Celestials to shame." He snorts. "Then again, if it did pick a winner out of the mess of conflicting philosophy schools and mystery cults we were in the early years, we might have torn ourselves apart. Our slow descent into secularity might have been the only way forward."

"How can you be secular if you're dedicated to the Wind of holy radiance?"

"Now there's a question for the philosophers." He shrugs. "Best I can offer is that perhaps the Gods use Hysh too."

"So you're not a man of faith?"

He shakes his head. "I searched when I was young. We all do, it's as much of being an Apprentice as the choirs are, and the library is bulging with works on philosophy and religion. But I never really found anything that fit. I've heard that the worship of Sigmar was once the most common amongst our Order, but ever since the Night of a Thousand Arcane Duels, relations between the Order of Light and the Cult of Sigmar have been rather strained. Mira might be able to fix that once Alric's out of the picture, but for now the closest we have to a majority is Shallyans. We work with them relatively often, for exorcisms and for the pursuit and purging of Daemons of the Fly Lord." He shakes his head again. "They do good work, but most are too dedicated to mopping up the aftermath to do anything about the actual causes of problems. What about yourself?"

You shrug as you formulate a scrupulously honest response. "I'm not a part of any formal Cult, but any that work in the shadows will at least cross their fingers, even if they lie about it afterwards."

He nods. "I've put a prayer or two in that direction myself. Only a fool would completely scorn Him."

You consider the matter further. "To be honest, I'm not entirely convinced the Cults have the right of it, or at least not the entire picture. The Dwarves talk of their Ancestor Gods as beings that walked the world, and their history books agree. The Elves speak of the Gods as though they were abstract concepts in one breath and then speak of their deeds in the next. The Dragons speak of their own ancestors dealing with the Gods as equals. I'm not sure if we're all talking about different beings, or if we're all talking about the same thing from different perspectives and there's a larger picture we're not putting together."

He looks at you oddly. "Is this a Grey Wizard thing? You just seek out the biggest question you can and bang yourself against it like a moth against a lantern so you have a constant source of confusion at hand?"

You open your mouth to respond, then consider it. "That would explain a few things, honestly," you admit. Like how some of the most potent Ulgu spells operate through directly manipulating time or space.

He smiles, seemingly amused. "Ever been to the Imperial Museum?"

You frown. "The Magnus Museum? Or the ruined one?"

"Neither, the one at the Collegium Historica at the University."

You frown in thought. "I don't think so. Why?"

"There's an old runestone there, the Obernarn Stone, along with a translation. It speaks of some of the Gods and their acts as though they were a band of adventurers. I don't think it will give you an answer, but it might give you more interesting questions."

You nod, making a mental note. "I'll have to pay it a visit. More interesting questions might be the best I can hope for, at least for now. The Gods seem to cling tightly to their secrets."

He smiles. "Yes, they do."

---

After passing Fort Kaminski and Fort Ostrosk, both of which proved just as willing to let the convoy continue on its way as Fort Straghoy was, the convoy has crossed the Tobol and is entering the final overland stretch to Praag, where it will circle around the Golinyi Hills and leave deep furrows in the Ungol-dominated steppes. Renewed energy has filled the convoy with just a single week remaining until the Expedition comes to an official end, and everyone goes their separate ways once more. It's been quite an adventure and you're extremely relieved to be returning with all the Wizards you left with.


The four with the most votes will be chosen. This is the last week of the Expedition.

Spend time getting to know...
[ ] Head Ranger Snorri Farstrider
[ ] Preceptor Joerg von Zavstra
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart the Younger
[ ] Asarnil the Dragonlord
[ ] Deathfang
[ ] Ice Crone Ljiljana
[ ] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[ ] Citharus, Barbitus, and Timpania
[ ] Magister Michel Solmann
[ ] Journeyman Cyrston von Danling
[ ] Journeywoman Alexandra Kohler

Become involved with:
[ ] Ranging far ahead of the convoy
- With the Knights of Taal's Fury
[ ] Scouting near the convoy
- With the Winter Wolves

Other:
[ ] Be ready to use Rite of Way should it prove necessary



- There will be a one hour moratorium.
- The Asarnil and Deathfang portion of the update was originally posted here.
- Fun fact: Altdorf canonically has at least three museums that could be described as 'the Imperial Museum', though one was destroyed during a harsh lesson on why Nehekharan mummies are a poor choice for museum exhibits.
- The Obernarn Stone is canon, and if you're curious about it Google can provide the text.
-  I'm pretty sure I can think of something for them if you just want to read more about hanging out with them, but if you want to keep spending time with Asarnil/Deathfang/Egrimm/Ljiljana because you're imagining there's something juicy if you 'max out' the relationship, that's not actually the case. 
  </body>
</html>