<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Twelve)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Twelve)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[] All Out Assault: It will spread you thin, but you could potentially try to board as many Saharduin ships as possible at once. It will be dangerous, but if successful, will surely win more of the ships captured for your purposes.<br/>
-[] Ships 1-7: 1 squad of Blood Ravens per ship, assembled out of a combination of regular marines and the non-named members of the Librarius (even division of Librarius at each rank as far as possible; whichever squad gets the lesser number of Codiciers will be guaranteed to get one of the Epistolaries). Squads 1-7 will each receive one out of: Epistolary Tyrin, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas, and the 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Thule. The Terminator squad will also be split up. Squads 1-7 will each get 1 Terminator.<br/>
-[] Ships 8-10 will be initially targeted by void armsmen alone, with the sole goal of establishing a defended beachhead for additional deployments when available.<br/>
-[] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Captain Tarkus, Company Champion Kaius Jacobus, 3 Terminators, Apothecary Medici, and Chief Librarian Justinius will remain aboard ship in the teleportarium as elite reserves. Justinius will conserve his strength for battle and for safely guiding the reserves through the warp when deployed or retrieved. When enemy hardpoints are stalling progress or extraordinary or excessively dangerous levels of resistance are causing or threatening to cause excessive casualties, the elite reserves will be deployed to deal with it by teleportarium, targeting the Teleport Homer carried by the Terminator deployed with the squad already boarding. The elites will focus on breaking resistance and having Apothecary Medici conduct emergency field treatment on any Blood Raven casualties taken before the elites are deployed. The elite reserves and any casualties requiring immediate treatment in the Litany's facilities will then be retrieved by teleportarium for further deployment as needed (or for treatment in the case of casualties of course).<br/>
-[] If Reaverlord Carnax is found or shows himself, this will take immediate priority for the deployment of these reserves. This includes if he is found on a ship not currently being boarded by the Blood Ravens.<br/>
-[] As ships are captured, the 3 Saharduin ships not initially targeted by the Blood Ravens will be targeted for leapfrog assault by the squads freed up from captured ships if that is still viable.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
The Saharduin were a monstrous alien race who had languished under the yoke of the Imperium for thousands of years. First, it had been the Space Wolves, who had faced their Piscean Warriors onboard their ships, on the land, and in the waters of their preferred worlds. But before the watery domain of the aliens could be fully scoured, the demands of the Great Crusade had called the Space Wolves away. The fires of the Horus Heresy had ensured the Saharduin were transformed into little more than a splintered, bloody footnote in the annals of one of the first Legions and the Imperium. It had taken over a millennium for the Saharduin to claw their way back, and yet the Imperium had broken them again, and again, and again. Fate had intervened every time, either in the form of bureaucratic competition, alien incursions, traitors, heretics, and various other stella phenomena. In the end, the Saharduin Swells, as the xenos termed their domain, survived. They were, as such, well documented. The ‘crash rifles’ they bore were somewhat lesser peers to the esteemed bolter, while in melee they preferred their teeth, their claws, their knives, with leaders bearing power weaponry. They preferred to raid their enemies at the flanks, but were not afraid of full-frontal combat, boarding and emptying out ships and utilizing their captured prizes as scrap and salvage. Their religion was a primitive animistic thing, and psykers amongst their kind were vanishingly rare. Such were the notations in the records of the Librarium. They had not previously been known to be corrupted by the powers of Chaos, but it ever seemed in these dark days that the Ruinous Powers were waxing in strength and reach.<br/>
<br/>
“Boarding pods loaded and ready, Chapter Master,” the serf’s voice crackled across the vox.<br/>
<br/>
It had been a frantic, swift thing, the Imperial Navy troop transports practically redlining their engines to fill the ships of the Blood Ravens with void armsmen, hard bitten men and women used to a life of either boarding other ships or receiving boarders, and little else. They had been both awed and struck dumb by the haunting emptiness of the <i>Litany of Fury</i> and the other strike cruisers. Filled and made pristine by servitors and serfs, records, annals, trophies, symbols of triumph and loyalty filled the well-kept halls. A Battle Barge was meant not just for the carrying of up to three companies, their specialists, and their vehicles pools, but a veritable army of serfs and servitors as well. Here, now, the armsmen of the Imperial Navy far outweighed all of these things. A more prideful Chapter might have refused, the indignity of their weakness being shown to all and sundry too much to bear. But the Blood Ravens had been flayed open before the eyes of the entire Imperium, their weakness and the treachery of Kyras known to allies and enemies alike.<br/>
<br/>
It did not mean that Gabriel did not bow his head in shame as the last of the void armsmen who could be transferred before contact was shuffled into the many, many boarding torpedoes which up until this moment had only ever been used by Blood Ravens. That they had been brought to this point by Chaos. By the tyranids. By the Eldar. By Boreale. His own weakness which had left him reduced in such a state, Apollo in suspended animation, only added to it all. A cloying, choking tide of shame washed over him, his gorge rising, but he forced it back down as his head rose. Klaxons began to ring out across the ship. The Blood Ravens would be the tip of the spear, the ships of the Imperial Navy remaining behind to use their lances at long range. For the first time too, <i>Sword of Reckoning</i>, the personal ship of Inquisitor Adrastia, would be able to fully commit itself to a battle in the void, rather than the stoppered progress of entry into the system and the mad dash over Opus Maxima.<br/>
<br/>
“Inquisitor?” Admiral Graves’ voice was almost drawling as the shared battlefield command channel of the vox crackled open.<br/>
<br/>
“What is it, Admiral?” Adrastia snapped back, astonishingly still conscious despite her own estimation of her wounds.<br/>
<br/>
“I couldn’t help but notice the unfurling of your gun ports for the first time,” the Admiral said, clearly bemused. “Very sleek, very nice.”<br/>
<br/>
“Do you have a <i>point</i>, Admiral Graves?” Adrastia sighed. “We are already closing with the xenos.”<br/>
<br/>
“Nothing untoward. I was simply going to remark that the last time I had seen such a set of plasma macro-batteries, it was on an absolutely ancient <i>Retribution</i>-class Battleship,” Graves said blandly. “And that I am glad to see such things again turned towards the enemy.”<br/>
<br/>
“Mmm,” Adrastia replied noncommittally.<br/>
<br/>
“This is not the time,” Gabriel cut in.<br/>
<br/>
“Fair enough,” Graves said.<br/>
<br/>
Engines flared, shields emitters aligned, and generators thrummed.<br/>
<br/>
“Onwards, then,” Gabriel said to himself as the lance weapons began to fire on both side at extreme range. “Into the maelstrom of battle!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Violent Approach: 70 vs. 72</b><br/>
<br/>
The concentration of enemy fire would have been crippling to the already damaged vessels of the Imperial Navy. But the Saharduin were not firing on those ships. Instead, they concentrated their fire upon the Blood Ravens. For it was they, in their strike cruisers and battle barge, which were cast shadows from millennia ago. They were not the Space Wolves, but they did not need to be. All such beings known as the Adeptus Astartes were reviled by the whole of the Saharduin race, for it was the boom of bolters and battle cries of power armored space marines which had heralded the destruction of their civilization when it had been at its utter pinnacle. Yet for all of that, despite managing to strip the shields from the <i>Litany of Fury</i> with their utter hatred, these Saharduin, corrupted by Chaos as they’d ranged far from home in search of the whispers that haunted their dreams, had never actually faced space marines in battle.<br/>
<br/>
Suffering only minor hull damage, the venerable superstructure held strong.<br/>
<br/>
And then it was time.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Boardings: 75 vs. 54</b><br/>
<br/>
Shuddering spread throughout the battle barge as it launched its boarding pods. Aside from orbital bombardment, it was this that the ship had been made for. The <i>Litany of Fury</i> lumbered forward through the incoming swarm of Saharduin ships, which in turn were forced to break off, to twist about, to avoid being struck head-on. Such desperate maneuvers were expected, and boarding torpedo calculations realigned within seconds with the aid of the advanced cogitators of the battle barge. At extreme range, they fired out, slamming into the revealed bellies of a great many of the ships. As the battle barge roared through, its few remaining weapon arrays firing, it was followed behind by the strike cruisers, who themselves formed a spread out trident, tipping and rolling from side to side so that both sides of the launch bays could be utilized, ensuring that just that many more boarding torpedoes could impact deep into the Saharduin ships. The xeno ships had their own point defenses, but due to having to alter their flight paths so significantly, only a small handful of torpedoes were knocked off course, and none were actually destroyed. The armsmen had packed the assault rams and boarding torpedoes far in excess of how many space marines could have fit in them.<br/>
<br/>
Within less than sixty seconds, literal thousands of veteran armsmen of Battlefleet Korianis had entered the ships of the Saharduin and begun killing the enemy. They had faced ork pirates in close quarters, had stormed the mirror maze passages of Eldar ships, set flames to the disgusting innards of tyranid bio-ships, and had fought meter by meter through ships taken by heretical forces. The damp ships of the Saharduin were new to them all, though. At the same time, those dark watery passages were, in fact, incredibly similar to fighting in zero-g combat, as many had done so many times before. Spread amongst many of them, spots of red or blue amidst the green and grey uniforms and flak armor, were the Blood Ravens. The scions of the Librarium were met with universal uneasiness and distrust, as they were all that most terrible of things, psykers, yet whether Epistolary or Lexicani they weathered that enmity as they ever had. More fearsome than that, however, were the legendary terminators, power fists crackling and assault cannons or storm bolters fully loaded.<br/>
<br/>
The Saharduin answered immediately. Many of the boarding torpedoes had landed directly in crew compartments. Others had landed precisely where the xeno design philosophy would place passages which led directly to vital systems. The aliens had remained as static in such things as the Adeptus Mechanicus themselves when it came to their own hallowed designs. This would aid in their undoing. Bayonets and combat knives flashed in the darkness, bellowed cries to the God-Emperor being met with the hissing shrieks and gleaming fangs and blades of the Saharduin. The hiss-crack and steady staccato of lasguns and autoguns found themselves matched by the whizzing booms of crash rifles. Amongst all of which was the thunder of bolter shells and rapid-pace hurricanes of assault cannons. Occasionally, too, did reality twist and rip before the powers of the Librarians.<br/>
<br/>
But neither did the Saharduin ships cease their movement, though they were certainly now heavily focused on ending their foes at close range, turning what had been a swarming charge into a chaotic cloud.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Ship 1: 68 vs. 38</b><br/>
<br/>
“Progress is steady, Chapter Master. We have captured the reactor, the tech-priests are working to shut it down now.”<br/>
<br/>
Left unsaid was the absolute tide of blue tinged flesh which was making its way down just about every corridor around them. It was, perhaps, a masterwork of hyper-advanced water-cooling which helped the reactor from overheating, but science could only be pushed so far so quickly. Certain electronic components required dryness, and even the Saharduin could not withstand the electrical charge that could be unleashed otherwise. For that matter, space marines would not be able to either. The venerable machine spirits might do their best, but even they could not easily withstand such voltage without leaving their occupants as charred remains.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 2: 41 vs. 43</b><br/>
<br/>
“Facing heavy resistance! We’re pushing through, but we are taking casualties!”<br/>
<br/>
“Come on you fishy bastards! You like meat? How about grenades!?”<br/>
<br/>
“It’s eating him! Kill it, kill it now!”<br/>
<br/>
“Step aside.”<br/>
<br/>
The booming voice of the terminator cut through the noise of battle, gently shoving armsmen aside. The rest of the Blood Ravens had arrived at the hard point as well, but they gave the terminator a wide berth. It was only good sense, as the resulting noise of an assault cannon firing at full power permanently deafened many of the armsmen who were nearby thanks to the close confines of the corridor.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 3: 81 vs. 87</b><br/>
<br/>
“Wolves! WOLVES! WOLVES!” The lead Saharduin screeched in badly accented Low Gothic as it stabbed down and snapped at the Lexicani. “KILL WOLVES!”<br/>
<br/>
The young psyker struggled mightily with the xeno before a hail of bolter fire killed it, the Lexicani letting it slump to the ground as they picked their own bolter back up and began firing into the ranks of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
“We are Blood Ravens,” he snarled back at the aliens, “Learn the difference, xenos, so that your souls will know their killers!”<br/>
<br/>
“Their first encounter in the Imperium was the Space Wolves, and it was almost their last. It is no surprise that the first thing they think of when they see space marines are the scions of Russ,” a Codicier noted gently before he flung a burst of lightning down the hall.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 4: 32 vs. 30</b><br/>
<br/>
“Fall back and regroup! Fall ba-AAAAAGGH!” The sergeant-at-arms’ scream cut off as the Saharduin dragged him back, stabbing into him with their knives and swords while others slithered past firing their crash rifles.<br/>
<br/>
The survivors of the platoon sprinted as fast as they could, but they could not reach the doors in time before they slammed shut. The tech-priests on the other side immediately began welding it shut at rapid speed while those who had managed to escape the ambush attempted to catch their breath.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, that didn’t work,” one of the armsmen quipped with a dark chuckle. “Anyone know another corridor we can try?”<br/>
<br/>
“Well…,” another pointed at the dark ripples of a completely submerged passage.<br/>
<br/>
Something on the other side of the doors slammed against them.<br/>
<br/>
“I’ll take it! Tech-priest, you going to be all right?”<br/>
<br/>
“Fear not, armsman,” the tech-priest shook their head. “I have applied the thrice-blessed unguents upon my person. The accursed rusting shall not harm my hallowed-,”<br/>
<br/>
Another slam came against the welded door, at which point the armsmen ran for the submerged corridor, affixing their helmets and oxygen tanks on the way. Some picked up the tech-priest and dragged them along with them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 5: 70 vs. 60</b><br/>
<br/>
“Will you be all right here, Captain Thule?”<br/>
<br/>
The dreadnought twitched only slightly, rotating upon its base before the assault cannon let loose, shredding an incoming band of Saharduin.<br/>
<br/>
“I will be fine, Sergeant. They shall not take the bridge from me. Go. Head to the reactor.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 6: 53 vs. 99</b><br/>
<br/>
“This is Epistolary Idmon! We require immediate support!” Idmon bellowed into the vox before a clench of his fist closed off the corridor by crushing it closed. “Someone pick up Brother Michael. I shall not lose another brother, not on this damned ship!”<br/>
<br/>
Reports had come from across the various ships of the iconography found there, the clearly ritual scarification. All of it pointed to clear corruption by the Blood God, though other more general symbols had been found here and there. Nothing to the extent of the ships of the Dark Mechanicus or those that the Black Legion had wielded, which was somewhat of a balm to the worries over the soul for even considering using the ships as weapons. But here, now, Idmon had rather unfortunately been deployed to a ship where some of the Saharduin had begun to earn ‘blessings’ of Khorne, mutating and strengthening into creatures even more monstrous than usual. Some of the slick-skinned snarling xenos looked outright possessed. The Blood Ravens were in full tactical retreat, firing as they went. The panicked void armsmen were less organized about it, but were falling back as well to the initial beachheads that had been established.<br/>
<br/>
“You will have it, Epistolary. Hold fast!” The Chapter Master’s voice said over the vox.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Emergency Aid: 79 vs. 40 </b><br/>
<br/>
First to arrive in a flash of light was irritable Medici, who plunged his chainsword into an approaching Saharduin before they could harm his patient in Brother Michael, the apothecary pivoting from killing to healing in a single beat of two hearts. But then the others came. The Chapter Master, his form battered and hastily repaired, nonetheless wielding <i>Godsplitter</i> with aplomb. Captain Tarkus, who wielded his bolter with all a veteran’s skill and grace, rolling a pair of grenades to bounce just right to erupt behind the Saharduin charge. Kaius Jacobus, the unconventional champion of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, arrived in the bright light of a teleport before blinding those around him further with several dropped flashbangs and smoke grenades. Afterwards, only the squelch of cut apart flesh could give one a hint as to where he was amongst the enemy. Three terminators, arriving at spread out points, quickly joined with their similarly clad brother and simply planted themselves at a main thoroughfare, one for each corridor not held by the armsmen and the fourth joining his fire to each of the three’s chosen front as needed.<br/>
<br/>
And then the Chief Librarian arrived. His face was a mask of pure psychic light, his wrathful visage cast as a shadow upon itself from the burning fires of his will made manifest in reality. It was the heat of suns, which vaporized water and melted steel, that then twisted into thick lengths of solidified, crystallized lightning. The Chaos-corrupted Saharduin screeched for the favor of Khorne, promised the Blood God the blood of their enemies, the skulls of space marines much greater prizes than those of the panicked and running armsmen. The Blood Ravens responded with their own personalized litanies of hatred, of contempt, writ not just in word but in the movement of the blade and the thunderous call of the bolter and assault cannon.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 7: 91 vs. 11</b><br/>
<br/>
“This is Codicier Aeneas, to all. The Reaverlord is dead.”<br/>
<br/>
Aeneas’ breath was heavy, his armor slick from head to toe with the blood of the alien. Saharduin blood was just a bit darker than human blood, for some medical reason that he could not bother to remember at the moment. It had cast him, at this point, in far darker crimson than normal. The Reaverlord lay in five separate pieces, strewn across the bridge of the ship, each of them squirting and spilling less and less blood. The monstrously mutated creature had been unnaturally fast, especially for its size, the blessings of Chaos strong with it. Strong, at least, compared to the rest of the Saharduin that they had faced as they’d run through the ship. As well as the rest of his guard. Piscean Warriors that had long given up their souls to Khorne, many of them outright forgoing crash rifles entirely in favor of their blades and mutated fangs and claws. The bridge was a wrecked ruin after the fight, and he paused for a moment before flicking <i>The Blade of the Martyr</i> to clean it somewhat.<br/>
<br/>
“Holy God-Emperor…,” one of the armsmen whispered.<br/>
<br/>
Aeneas glanced over and thus watched as the handful of surviving armsmen cringed away from the sight of him, faint witch-light still flickering over his frame as it did when he slipped in and out of the warp at high speed. Reality, reasserting itself. He was not fully recovered from his failure over Opus Maxima, his soul, and its defenses, were still fragile. The rents and tears the daemons had inflicted on him were still raw, despite his flesh being mended. As it was, none of the Saharduin present appeared to possess any psykers, let alone sorcerers, and with none of them – even the Reaverlord – possessing the sheer power of Lord Mortirex, they had not been able to stop him as he’d moved through the ship alone. Even so, the Reaverlord had scored his breastplate deeply with his power weaponry, the crudely engineered weapon chain having only increased its deadliness.<br/>
<br/>
“Sergeant Amos, report,” Aeneas eventually called on the vox, forcing the exhaustion and stinging pains down. “Did you take the reactor?”<br/>
<br/>
“Affirmative, Codicier. Life support is shutting down already in enemy-held sectors, and we’ve vented multiple compartments already. You challenging the Reaverlord managed to get a lot of them in the same passages. The tech-priests estimate we’ve cleansed the ship of almost seven tenths of the crew because of it.”<br/>
<br/>
“Understood. Continue holding until it is time to move on to the next ships.”<br/>
<br/>
The Codicier flipped the sword about to rest it point facing down and closed his eyes in meditative concentration as he tried to soothe the aches and pains in his soul and body. Though his gifts in such matters were feeble and threadbare, something was better than nothing, in the end.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 8: 96 vs. 20</b><br/>
<br/>
“Filthy creatures,” Colonel Hun’kai muttered as his fellow storm troopers cleared the barrack-creche.<br/>
<br/>
Underwater combat was not something they’d often fought in, but the Inquisition faced battlefields and situations that would scour the mind and soul of the uninitiated. It did not matter that the Saharduin were born in the water, that their skeletal structure let them flex and twist about the pipes, pouring in from all directions. It did not matter that the lighting in the submerged portions of the ship was bad, their helmets and the systems within them were more than enough to compensate. Their guns worked in the waters, and their combat knives cut through alien flesh. They were servants of the Ordo Hereticus. The inhuman mentality and weapons of the aliens were twisted things, but then so were heretics. So were daemons. Traitors. Aliens. All of them were to be crushed, ground into dust by the Inquisitorial boot.<br/>
<br/>
Today, they were the boot.<br/>
<br/>
“All points, report in,” he said calmly into the vox as he dodged backwards from a snapping Saharduin jaw, jamming the barrel of his hellgun into the alien’s eye socket and pulling the trigger.<br/>
<br/>
He swam forwards as other battle group leaders began reporting in, examining his hands to make sure that the sudden flash boiling of the water had not adversely affected the armor on them.<br/>
<br/>
“The bridge has been taken. Objective achieved. Minimal casualties.”<br/>
<br/>
“Primary reactor taken. Minimal casualties.”<br/>
<br/>
“Secondary reactors taken. Medium casualties, Saharduin defenders achieved frenzy state.”<br/>
<br/>
The list went on, and on. He would have smiled if his entire face had not long ago been replaced with superior bionics after being exposed to open vacuum for too long.<br/>
<br/>
“Continue cleansing protocols. The Inquisitor wants this ship empty of all alien life.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 9: 40 vs. 90</b><br/>
<br/>
The vox unit released sparks in all directions, the signal tinny and scratched heavily with static.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Vesner? Captain Vesner, sir!! We’re getting torn apart here, we’re pulling back to the pods, it’s the only secure territory we have left! Captain?!”<br/>
<br/>
The Saharduin drooled greedily as they devoured the dead and dying armsmen, viciously tearing apart the bodies. They did not care that they had killed a burgeoning hero of the Imperial Navy. They had repelled the invaders, and all that was broken would be salvage or be food. Such was life amongst their kind. One, however, heard the squealing of the box, attached as it was to the headless armsman, and walked over to it, head tilting this way and that before sniffing at the screeching box. Then they stomped down on it, silencing it so that the feast could be done in peace. Soon enough, Piscean Warriors had reloaded their weapons, taken their trophies, and begun swarming out through the ship to the last crumbling islands of resistance left on the ship. The invaders had thought them prey. Oh, how wrong they were.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 10: 46 vs. 24</b><br/>
<br/>
“Back off!”<br/>
<br/>
Those were the last words the Saharduin ever heard before the heavy bolter tore them apart. Some had questioned the usefulness of bringing heavy weapons teams on a boarding mission. Some of those people had not met Admiral Graves, who preferred that his boarding teams were more than just fodder to slow and distract the crews of the ships that he came into conflict with. The beachhead had been taken, and though the Saharduin were attempting to flood their taken areas, the tech-priests had managed to gain access to the plumbing systems of their taken sectors are record speed, ensuring that the water never actually managed to get past their knees.<br/>
<br/>
“Well sarge, we took the beachheads. Now what?” A thickly muscled man covered in tattoos asked of a comparatively waifish woman.<br/>
<br/>
“We wait for reinforcements, Pavus,” she said with a shrug. “Those were our orders.”<br/>
<br/>
“M’kay.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Ship 2: 60 vs. 34</b><br/>
<br/>
“The xenos are retreating to the lower decks, but we’ve cut them off from all the vital systems,” the tech-priest straightened, flicking his mechadendrites as if to cleanse them of the disgusting alien coding. “Their engineer caste being chained to their stations was a foolish endeavor.”<br/>
<br/>
Ordinarily, of course, they wouldn’t have been. However, after being under the influence of Khorne for so long, even the lowest and most docile of the predator carnivorous race had grown uncontrollable. Only by chaining them to their duty stations had the Saharduin been able to keep their ships functioning in the first place, to the screaming distress of their fellows. It was either that, or they were genuinely slaves made of their own race, who had been forced to remain as those who commanded the ships followed the whispers of Chaos. The Imperials killing them didn’t really much care for the reasons behind it, only that it had made taking the ship that much easier once they’d finally broken the stalemate in the on-board fighting.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 3: 58 vs. 89</b><br/>
<br/>
“Fall back to the rally point! I shall hold them off!” Lucan intensified his shield of will, reduced to maintaining it with every scrap of his psychic might.<br/>
<br/>
He could not even manage to throw forth bolts of psychic power, such was his concentration. All around him, the armsmen were falling back, their gains in the ship torn to tatters by the especially fierce aliens here. Lasguns and autoguns fired rapidly all around him, intermittendly joined by the bolters of the Blood Ravens present. Similar and worse tactical retreats were being performed all across the ship. They had overextended, and badly. The reactor had been recovered, and most gunnery stations had been returned to the enemy. It was not necessarily a blessing that the aliens had fallen into frenzy, focusing on killing the invaders to their ship than actually sitting at the consoles to return fire to the Imperial ships outside.<br/>
<br/>
“Damned xenos,” he snarled beneath his breath as a hailstorm of fire shredded several void armsmen just as they’d rounded the corner.<br/>
<br/>
They had just been too far away to save.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 4: 24 vs. 11</b><br/>
<br/>
“Hah HAH!” The armsman cried aloud as he plunged his appropriated alien sword into the Saharduin’s back, causing it to squeal and thrash in its death throes.<br/>
<br/>
“Get ‘em, get ‘em!” Another cried as they emerged from the waters, firing their guns on full auto, filling sinuous alien bodies with solid slugs.<br/>
<br/>
In a total reversal of normal expectations, it was not the Saharduin who were emerging from hatches and submerged passages to ambush, but rather the void armsmen of Battlefleet Korianis who were doing the amphibious ambushing. Lasguns, no longer a danger to their wielders in the water, were unholstered and fired on full auto, others stabbing and slashing with their bayonets. Even so, it might have been a near thing, were it not for that which breached the water next. They had met up in the waters of the ship, unexpectedly, and had nearly shot each other apart before sense had reasserted itself. It was if a boulder of red and black was being thrust out of the water, something rejected by the waters themselves or thrust up by an irritated god.<br/>
<br/>
“I am your death, alien,” Tomb-Brother Nathan boomed before he picked up a Saharduin and crushed them into pulp within his power fist, his momentum carrying him up the overstressed steps and out of the water, dripping with it even as his great bulk prevented the Saharduin from initially seeing the space marines that rushed out from behind him.<br/>
<br/>
But they certainly felt their bolter fire, as well as their grenades.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 5: 27 vs. 29</b><br/>
<br/>
“We’ve taken the reactor, but some enterprising commander pried the engineers out of their stations. They’re somewhere in the lower decks, sabotaging our efforts,” the tech-priest said tersely as he removed himself from the console. “We must hunt them down!”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well, tech-priest. They have stopped us for now. But they will not stop us forever,” Captain Thule said calmly. “I shall continue to hold the reactor.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 9: 47 vs. 15</b><br/>
<br/>
“Those storm troopers give me the creeps, sarge.”<br/>
<br/>
“Yeah, well, those storm troopers just took the ship where you,” Sergeant-At-Arms Acchus slapped his subordinate’s shoulder, “And me, couldn’t do it. Using the xenos own boarding pods was dangerous, sure, but you can’t really argue with the results.”<br/>
<br/>
All over the ship, the armsmen were slumping against the walls in exhaustion after such a hard-fought battle, some outright sliding down to crumple in heaps and simply lay there. Others were eager enough to keep fighting, but had in fact been told by their various commanders to absolutely refrain from doing so. The Inquisitorial Storm Troopers did not brook interference, and unwanted aid most definitely counted as interference. Clad in black and silver, their hellguns and advanced autoguns had torn the Saharduin apart, especially since the aliens had been so committed to killing off all of the armsmen. An attack from the rear on all points, boarding the ship with another alien ship’s methods, just to get to grips with the aliens sooner.<br/>
<br/>
Both men stiffened as a squad of the storm troopers passed by them, but relaxed after they weren’t given a second glance.<br/>
<br/>
“…aye, though. They’re a cold bunch.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 10: 63 vs. 34</b><br/>
<br/>
“Uh, sarge?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yeah?”<br/>
<br/>
“I thought you said we were supposed to wait for orders.”<br/>
<br/>
“Eh…,” Sergeant Mckinna shrugged as she squirmed on the incredibly uncomfortable captain’s chair. “God-Emperor, this thing was <i>not </i>meant for human spines. Or bones. Engh.”<br/>
<br/>
All around them, the rest of their squad shoved the floppy bodies of the dead Saharduin into the corner. Similar acts were ongoing across the rest of the ship, the Saharduin having been overwhelmed. Or surprised. Or both. Sergeant Mckinna’s chainsword had been turned off, and lay against the captain’s chair, the sheer amount of alien gore on it having made it come far too close to guttering off for her liking. The tech-priests would probably need to take a look at it.<br/>
<br/>
“Uh this is…uh, Sergeant McKinna,” she said as she tabbed the vox. “We’ve taken the bridge. Any, uh, anyone else out there?”<br/>
<br/>
Immediately, an answer emerged from the broadcaster.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, yeah! Hey McKinna! Yeah this is Godfrey, we met-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, we have,” she interrupted. “Where are you?”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, we uh…according to the tech-priest this is the main reactor complex of the ship. So me and a couple hundred others are holding that down right now.”<br/>
<br/>
“Great,” McKinna nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“So, hey, I was wondering, if you ever wanted to grab a cup of caff, maybe-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Well!” Mckinna coughed loudly as she closed the channel. “Good job everyone. Good….good beachheads. Keep on holdin’!”<br/>
<br/>
“Sarge?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Pavus?” She blinked owlishly at the lumbering armsman.<br/>
<br/>
“What do we do now?”<br/>
<br/>
She stared at him and then looked around the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
“We hold the beachheads we made, and wait for further orders," she then brightened. "I hear that space marines might come to help us!"<br/>
<br/>
“But we-,”<br/>
<br/>
"We hold the beachheads," she said, staring unblinkingly at the armsman. "Understood?"<br/>
<br/>
"Uh....yes boss!"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Ship 3: 66 vs. 42</b><br/>
<br/>
Lucan breathed deeply as he glared at the charred remains of the Saharduin. Though he had long preferred to turn his biomancy skills towards aiding his brethren and his allies, that did not mean he was a failure in other applications. He was an Epistolary of the Blood Ravens. Basic competence in multiple castings of psychic might were requirements to achieve that position. Such as taking total command of natural bioelectricity and expanding it in scope, to the great and painful detriment of his enemies. Even then, he was not the reason that they had pushed back so heavily. The ships had passed by again, delivering another shuddering barrage of boarding torpedoes and assault rams, flooding the ships with fresh combatants and bodies. Even the Blood Ravens had come from other ships that were determined to mostly be under control to aid them.<br/>
<br/>
“The reactor is ours. The bridge has been retaken for the third and final time. System command is ours,” the tech-priest announced distractedly. “Beginning cleansing operations of living xenos in the ship.”<br/>
<br/>
“Good,” Lucan nodded. “Let’s go to work, then.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ship 5: 69 vs. 21</b><br/>
<br/>
The underwater sections of the cruiser thick as stew by now. Chum swirled through it, the scraps and shreds of dead armsmen and alien mingling with one another, torn apart as they had both been in the fiercest fighting across all the ships. The Saharduin shared a disturbing number of physiological similarities to the ancient terran shark, predators of the waters of that world when there had been oceans there. These, too, were further infected with the insidious powers of Chaos, their connection to slaughter and destruction had only inflamed those instincts beyond their natural limits. There would be no retreat. There was only the killing, unto the last. The water began to drain from certain sections, revealing whole decks utterly strewn with wet gore, but also those Saharduin who still lived, those who had not yet been forced away into other compartments so that bulkheads could slam down and block them off in permanence.<br/>
<br/>
“And that,” Brother Ambros grunted as he withdrew his combat knife from the corpse of one of the remaining xenos. “Is that, praise the Emperor.”<br/>
<br/>
“There are still thousands of Saharduin left alive on the ship, but they are dying at a precipitous rate,” a tech-priest noted. “We have control of all primary and secondary systems. We know where they are, and where they are moving. Praise the Omnissiah, for this foul alien technology was no match for us.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================================================​</div><br/>
One hour. That was how long it took to reduce ten Saharduin cruisers to floating hulks, their guns and engines powered down.<br/>
<br/>
In that single hour, there were tens of thousands of casualties amongst the void armsmen. Thousands upon thousands of fatalities. Several wounds, only a handful of them minor, amongst the few handfuls of space marines that had been scattered amongst them. A tremendous expenditure of ammo on all sides. In the void, watching protectively, were the ships of the Blood Ravens and the Grand Cruiser <i>Sword of Reckoning.</i> It was they who had continually punctured the shields of the alien cruisers, pulling back and covering one another whenever they were in danger of losing their own shields. All to allow more boarding assaults, to allow teleportation between the ships. Alien designs aside, the fact remained that the alien cruisers were peers in tonnage to the Lunar-class cruiser, and as such despite more automation and the unique internal environment, they possessed up to two thirds the crew compliments of said Lunars.<br/>
<br/>
Which was unfortunate, because a single Lunar-class cruiser could retain at nominal full compliment anywhere between ninety and one hundred thousand crew members.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Continued Cleaning: 92</b><br/>
<br/>
On the other hand, the Imperial Navy had a rather massive glut of armsmen thanks to taking on the compliments of many of the destroyed ships in the battle thus far. It was by sheer numbers alone that they were able to maintain a pace of continued combat that was traditionally utilized by space marines. Endless cycling in and out, wounded platoons and squads being replaced within minutes, all while the Blood Ravens threw themselves into the fighting as well. No longer fighting to claim the vital systems of the ships, but to simply kill, to destroy, to wage a war of total annihilation. With the control of the tech-priests, the Saharduin could not hide. They could not maneuver. They could not prepare themselves, as doors and bulkheads shifted, as waters were stolen from them or over-pressurized before psychic bioelectric lightning filled both said waters and their bodies. For all of that, the Chaos-corrupted aliens fought on, they could do nothing less, for they had fallen not only into frenzy but beneath the influence of Khorne.<br/>
<br/>
It would not be enough.<br/>
<br/>
“Based on the estimates of the armsmen, your battle brothers, and the storm troopers, we’ll have those ships emptied of alien life within twenty four to twenty five hours,” Admiral Graves said, hand on his chin.<br/>
<br/>
Once more, the commanders had met in a joined vox and holo-projected call. Well, most. Inquisitor Adrastia had finally succumbed to her wounds and medical treatment and was currently in a restive coma being watched over by her private medicae staff. She was now being represented by the two leaders of her personal forces. Captain Maria Carlyle commanded the ship and its naval staff proper, while Colonel Hun’kai commanded not only the storm trooper regiment permanently assigned to the ship but its expertly trained and equipped void armsmen as well. The left half of the former’s face was replaced with bionics, while the Colonel still bore their helmet, the lenses a deep but dull red.<br/>
<br/>
“Then we should discuss what we will be doing with the ships,” Colonel Derosa said, blinking a bit blearily.<br/>
<br/>
As they had not been involved in the fight, the old adage of soldiers taking their rest whenever they could had held true amongst the Meridian Regiments.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. We don’t have nearly enough crew, even with our overstuffed compartments, to try and crew them. Let alone the fact that it’s <i>xenos</i> tech, furthermore it is corrupted by Chaos,” Graves warned with a shake of his head. “Either fire ships or rams. Both could be intensely valuable…but we don’t have the sheer explosives or promethium to make the former, not really.”<br/>
<br/>
“We could place some of the <i>Litany’s</i> bombardment shells in them, but that would take more time as well.”<br/>
<br/>
Grave’s bushy eyebrows rose.<br/>
<br/>
“Now there’s an idea,” the Admiral mused, rubbing at his chin. “Though some of the tech-priests had the idea of trying to turn the ships into mini-<i>Dominius Astras</i>, as they do still use warp engines.”<br/>
<br/>
All went silent for a moment as they contemplated the fate of that legendary ship. The <i>Dominius Astra</i> had not only been a venerable Emperor-class battleship, but the flagship of the entire Battlefleet Tempestus. At the same time, it’s sacrifice, the deliberate overloading of its warp engines after plunging into the bulk of the tyranid fleet had created an utterly devastating vortex which had torn them all into pieces and cast the scraps into oblivion. Vortex grenades were already some of the most dangerous infantry weapons around. With each upwards scaling of such effects, the potential damage grew exponentially.<br/>
<br/>
“Creating such Warp vortexes can cause significant disruption to the Warp itself,” Justinius warned. “With this star system constrained as it is, I am wary of the effects that such things could cause, especially if it is more than one.”<br/>
<br/>
“The Navigators warned of such things as well,” Graves nodded, “But they also brought up that the <i>Dominus Astra</i> was a battleship. These are but cruisers. Alien cruisers, but cruisers.”<br/>
<br/>
“And there are ten of them,” Justinius rejoined, making Graves’ head knock back.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm. True. Perhaps not all.”<br/>
<br/>
“We should discuss the next target,” Captain Carlyle spoke up, her voice cool and dispassionate. “There remain other worlds and other enemy ships within this system. The <i>Sword </i>shall spend the intervening period of total ship preparation by boiling the waters of Aeterna."<br/>
<br/>
"Aye, we'll join you in that. Let this world boil away," Graves said, motioning to someone off screen.<br/>
<br/>
Three more worlds remained.<br/>
<br/>
“What news of Croxnov? Any movement from the Kroot?” Colonel Hun’kai asked.<br/>
<br/>
“Plenty, but mostly amongst themselves. Our long range probes have detected a massive sigil effectively carved into the planet surface,” Gabriel answered. “We could not see it before due to the planet’s rotation and distance. But now we can. I dare not display that symbol openly, but suffice to say that they too have chosen a Dark God to follow. The patron of the traitorous Emperor’s Children.”<br/>
<br/>
Most present made soft noises of acknowledgement, though the Inquisitorial commanders simply nodded firmly.<br/>
<br/>
“Hate fighting those sorts,” Graves grumbled. “I’ll make sure to get the tech-priests to try and secure our vox channels as best as possible. Don’t need any off-tune choruses bleating into the speakers and driving crews mad.”<br/>
<br/>
He said it casually, but all knew they would be doing the same. Memetic eradication of the will and mind through forced broadcast were a common tactic of ships that fell to Chaos, though the effects could change. Some could drive the crews to frothing bloodthirsty ruin, hacking each other to pieces. Others could cause directionless madness. The more esoteric effects of vessels given fully over to Nurgle were especially disturbing. The same could be said of ships that followed Slaanesh. All such things were dire, in their own ways. Crews collapsing into giggling indolence, deafened and maddened by ear and soul-splitting concertos and rapturous gasps, these could be just as if not worse than the others, depending on the situation.<br/>
<br/>
“For the moment, though, the Kroot seem wholly involved with hunting creatures and each other across the surface of Croxnov, but we have no idea of what is going on inside their Warsphere.”<br/>
<br/>
“I would prefer not to contemplate it too hard - especially with who knows what modifications they may have made,” Graves snorted. “Runao is still running food and supplies to New Meridian, but they don’t have a defensive fleet capable of ranging beyond the planet itself. Is it…time?”<br/>
<br/>
Another silence spread.<br/>
<br/>
Was it time?<br/>
<br/>
The Kroot seem utterly self-absorbed, but how long could that last?<br/>
<br/>
The ships over Runao were bound there, but so long as their planet shipped food to New Meridian, the enemy would be freshly fed for far longer than the forces of the Imperium.<br/>
<br/>
And yet, all the while, New Meridian itself appeared to be further fortifying itself. Twisted mirrors of the PDF were rallying up, the populace itself seemingly being armed if the long range probes were correct in their projected imagery. Masses of citizenry were heading to the manufactorums and certain mustering points, taking up arms to defend their world against the coming invaders. There was little doubt in anyone’s mind that more was going on, but there was only so much the probes could do against a watchful defensive fleet replete with orbital defense stations. How long would be too long? Would advancing now prove a fatal mistake?<br/>
<br/>
“If we can take the Warsphere, that could be a ram or fireship as well, far in excess of the cruisers,” Gabriel mused out loud. “If we take out Runao, one way or another, the sheer population of Vandis’ precious Hive World will begin to starve within days.”<br/>
<br/>
“What are you thinking, Chapter Master?” Justinius glanced over at Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
<u>What Are You Thinking, Chapter Master?:</u><br/>
<i>Voting Moratorium 24 Hours</i><br/>
<br/>
[] Turn The Ten (10) Saharduin Ships Into:<br/>
-[] Rams: Minimal effort, possibly devastating results if the aiming is done at a stationary target such as a space station or a planet. (Write-In How Many)<br/>
-[] Fire Ships: The enemy may have disabled the Litany's bombardment cannon, but she may yet contribute her thunder. Place bombardment shells and torpedoes into the ships, with long-range transmitters ready to trigger them at the right moments. (Write-In How Many)<br/>
[] Vortex Ships: The lesson of the <i>Dominius Astra </i>is that properly overloaded warp engines can be devastatingly effective. Enough to tear the heart out of Hive Fleet Behemoth. Enough, perhaps, to help tear huge holes in an enemy fleet? There may be side effects of tearing the Warp up, of course, especially in a system so constrained by the gravity reef. (Write-In How Many)<br/>
<br/>
AND<br/>
<br/>
<i>GM NOTE: This list is from nearest-to-farthest in terms of distance in the system. I.E. New Meridian is furthest away from the fleet ATM</i><br/>
<br/>
[] Choose the next target of the combined fleet:<br/>
-[] Croxnov: Slaanesh worshipping Kroot, and a still unmoving Warsphere. Perhaps consumed with alien debauchery, perhaps preparing to arrive behind the fleet at whenever target they next engage.<br/>
-[] Runao: The system's Agriworld, vegetation and crops long tainted by Chaos. It feeds New Meridian's massive population. Defended by ten system monitors, each potentially matches for cruiser ships in armament if not propulsion, as well as ten well armed orbital stations.<br/>
-[] New Meridian: Ex-Governor Vandis' bastion. Well defended. It's defense fleet is made up not just of monitors, but of warp-capable ships as well. A bevy of orbital defense stations hang about it as well, while its shipyard keeps them all running. They are clearly fortifying, preparing for the arrival of the Imperium.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+12 Codiciers, 10 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
37 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Minor Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 1/3)<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [1 Regiment's Worth of Casualties Evenly Spread Amongst The 5 Infantry Regiments]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [Extremely Minor Casualties]</li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">500,000~ Saharduin (Piscean Warriors, Alien Crew Members, Engineer Caste, Blood Shamans, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reaverlord Carnax, Khornate Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>