<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>070.M42 Through 073.M42 Interlude: Zeal And Negentropy</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>070.M42 Through 073.M42 Interlude: Zeal And Negentropy</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>070.M42 Through 073.M42 Interlude: Zeal And Negentropy </b>​</div><br/>
It began on the world of Korolis, with the whole of the Cadian System awash in death and destruction much as the rest of the Cadian Sector. The vital atomic materials and promethium supplies extracted and refined there, as well as the facilities to transport them to battlefields across the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade, had been under assault just as every other planet. In the beginning, it had been the purview of nothing more than the lost and the damned, Abbadon throwing away millions of troops of lesser worth to strangle the planet in corpses. Later on, he needed even those troops to deal with the forces the Imperium was supplying to more important planets, and instead relegated the attacks upon the world to others on a rotating basis. On some occasions, it was more elite mortal troops. On others, sorcerers summoned forth daemons to swamp the planet. The Black Legion was absent entirely in some years, instead giving over responsibility to a lesser warband or one of the other Traitor Legions, but they would always return at some time or another. Instead of wanton destruction, however, the desires of the forces of Chaos were obvious. They desired a new supply base directly on the front line.<br/>
<br/>
In the monstrous length of the Black Crusade, the forces of Chaos had claimed the planet more than once, the facilities and the materials they produced switching hands at least thrice before the Blood Ravens and Salamanders had arrived alongside the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company of the Angels of Vigilance, both forces responding to new distress hymnals. For five years, Aramus had fought on that blasted world. Volcanic and searing with heat, it was not fit for human life outside of the mining and refinement complexes. Either by fate or chance, it was an environment that seemed to bother the Salamanders that had traveled alongside him for so long not at all. If anything, they almost reveled in it, the environmental issues somewhat reminding the marines of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Founding Chapter of Nocturne. Aramus and what little remained of the Blood Ravens were not so pleasantly inclined, and the same could be said of the Angels of Vigilance. The assaults were endless, yes, but not insurmountable.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother-Captain Hector, are you well?” Aramus glanced at the stalwart astartes as he entered the command bunker.<br/>
<br/>
As structures went, it was defensible enough. Salamanders and Angels of Vigilance filled it alongside the commanders of the Imperial Guard defending the world – Cadian regiments all. A vibrating sense of wonder had suffused everyone, however, when the news of the Phalanx’s arrival had come. Already, they were being told through long range astropath communiques that they would be soon receiving extremely significant levels of reinforcements and aid. The legendary Phalanx was one thing, but there were even rumors of the Adeptus Custodes being present, though of course none had seen them deploy onto the battlefield as of yet. The fact that the Captain of the Angels of Vigilance 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company had such a dark look on his face was, therefore, quite concerning to both Aramus and N’mul. The two friends immediately pulled away from the cogitators they were conferring with and strode over to him.<br/>
<br/>
“It went well enough. Three traitor astartes dead, the rest of the Alpha Legion strike force pulled back,” the weathered veteran shook his head. “No, it is not that. I have just received a disturbing hymnal by way of the astropath.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus and N’mul paused, the two comrades exchanging dubious looks before a raised eyebrow prompted Aramus to speak.<br/>
<br/>
“What, are the reinforcements Chapter Master Hagan promised not coming? It-,” Aramus paused at the look on Hector’s face. “Brother,” he clapped a hand to the man’s pauldron. “Please, speak to us.”<br/>
<br/>
The Angel of Vigilance grimaced, glancing about the bunker and the now wondering eyes of too many watchers, and then jerked his head towards one of the side chambers.<br/>
<br/>
“It must be grave for you to be acting like this,” N’mul frowned.<br/>
<br/>
“It is,” Hector confirmed with a nod. “The hymnal is not from the Phalanx, or anyone else. Rather, it was sent from my chapter’s homeworld, Pervigilium,” he bowed his head for a moment before raising it once more. “It was a distress hymnal, utilizing emergency codes.”<br/>
<br/>
N’mul and Aramus straightened in their armor.<br/>
<br/>
“What?” N’mul said quickly, crimson eyes wide. “Of what sort?”<br/>
<br/>
“It is a general recall order,” Hector shook his head. “For all Companies, stressing that Pervigilium itself is in danger.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus felt his pulse quicken.<br/>
<br/>
“Then…,”<br/>
<br/>
“The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company must leave immediately,” Hector nodded. “We have already lost too many companies in this galaxy to suffer potential damage to the Fortress-Monastery. The four sent to Armageddon were wiped out by the orks, while the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> and 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> were lost on Cadia proper by Abbadon’s hand,” Hector growled, fingers tightening into fists on the table.<br/>
<br/>
“What defenses does Pervigilium retain?” Aramus said quickly.<br/>
<br/>
“We are oath-bound to retain at least one company there to defend it at all times. When I deployed into the Cadian System, it was left to Captain Agon, of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company. One of the best in our entire Chapter’s history,” Hector replied grimly. “He would not use the codes he did unless it was truly, <i>truly</i> grave.”<br/>
<br/>
“What could drive him to such, then?” N’mul asked.<br/>
<br/>
“Nothing good,” Hector sighed and leaned back, straightening as he half-turned towards the door. “Pervigilium remains just outside the Cadian Gate proper. If it is the Great Enemy, then it could mean a backdoor right into the rear of the most recently reclaimed territories that the Phalanx took.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus looked to N’mul, who looked back. Both nodded in unison.<br/>
<br/>
“Would your Chapter accept our aid, then?”<br/>
<br/>
Hector paused and looked back at the two.<br/>
<br/>
“I…normally, the pride of the Angels of Vigilance would demand I say no,” Hector said slowly before he raised a fist up, clenching it. “But if Agol called with such urgency…,” he looked between the two. “If you would aid us, then we would be in your debt, I think.”<br/>
<br/>
“Only if we are successful in driving off whatever threat may be there,” Aramus scoffed. “Reinforcements are arriving within the day. We can begin embarking within less than an hour.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well then.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================================​</div><br/>
They could not have known.<br/>
<br/>
“No…,”<br/>
<br/>
The Angels of Vigilance had watched over the planet of Pervigilium for thousands of years. They had never ceased defending it, to the point of refusing the orders of the High Lords of Terra to commit their full chapter multiple times so that at least one Company could remain present for its defense. When the Eye of Terror waxed, they had been on the front lines every time. When it waned, they had sent out at least half their strength to combat the forces of Chaos throughout the Segmentum Obscurus. From their orbital Fortress-Monastery, they watched over the civilized planet below that they both defended and recruited from.<br/>
<br/>
“NO!”<br/>
<br/>
“Hector, stop!”<br/>
<br/>
The Captain of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company of the Angels of Vigilance raged at the sight of a dying world. N’mul grappled with him, struggling to hold back the might of the three-century old veteran space marine, his wrath near inhuman at the sights returned by the auspex arrays of his battle barge and those of the other ships that had accompanied him. The rest of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company seemed shocked into stillness, many of them visibly frozen by the revelation that had been so gruesomely delivered. Aramus, however, bowed his head in solemnity as he looked upon the actuality sphere’s projections, as well as the various scan returns being given by the unfeeling auspex and the mindless servitors which manned it.<br/>
<br/>
“How…how could Agol let this happen!?” The words were hissed through teeth grit so hard they were in danger of cracking, N’mul finally retreating somewhat as Hector came to a shaking halt.<br/>
<br/>
Below, Pervigilium burned. The orbital ring, both shipyard and Fortress-Monastery both, had impacted against it through some unknown means. Hundreds of miles of shattered metal and technology lay scattered across the planet’s surface. In some areas, segments as long as continents had remained somewhat structurally intact, while others had shattered into a meteor storm of metal which had set so much of the planet aflame. The ships of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company of the Angels of Vigilance were floating wrecks, those of them that hadn’t been similarly impacted against the planet below.<br/>
<br/>
“We were not that far, that distant!” Hector insisted. “In such a short amount of time…,”<br/>
<br/>
“We are receiving communications from the Angels of Vigilance 9<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, asking what to do,” one of the serfs spoke up, flinching as Hector’s bloodshot eyes swiveled upon him.<br/>
<br/>
“Hector,” N’mul said gently, shaking the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Captain slightly. “We need to investigate. To evacuate what survivors there might be…if we can.”<br/>
<br/>
“I…yes. There…records, the preservation vaults, the…,” Hector paused. “We shall deploy to scour the…the wreck of the Fortress-Monastery,” he stumbled over the very concept before swiftly moving for the transports.<br/>
<br/>
The Angels of Vigilance were swift to follow their Captain’s orders, but it was obvious that all were similarly affected. Aramus could only liken it to a nightmarish example of what might have happened to the Blood Ravens, had he not been sent out to defend Subsector Aurelia. In the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Aurelian Crusade, at least. Unlike the Blood Ravens, the Angels of Vigilance had only ever recruited from the world below, from the sons of the nobility. But even the most cursory look at the auspex returns showed that there were no human life signs left on the planet, despite N’mul’s words. The firestorms washing across it from a shredded atmosphere and the tectonic instability caused by the massive orbital ring smashing into it would mean the planet would become uninhabitable even by space marines within days, if not hours.<br/>
<br/>
“N’mul…,” Aramus trailed off.<br/>
<br/>
“I know. If the gene-seed vaults of their Fortress-Monastery were not spared from this…this apocalypse...,” the Salamander grimaced, “This might well be the death knell for their Chapter.”<br/>
<br/>
“And to think we were so arrogant as to believe we could be of aid here,” Aramus spat angrily.<br/>
<br/>
“We may still yet,” N’mul patted him on the shoulder. “Come, we should join the recovery efforts, what little there may be.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus looked again at the planetary projection.<br/>
<br/>
“What little indeed.”<br/>
<br/>
Several grim hours of sifting through the wreckage below proved even more disheartening than the arrival, much to the distress of the remaining three Companies of the Angels of Vigilance. The devastation wrought upon the planet was incalculable, as was the damage to the Fortress-Monastery when its major compartment and components could be found. The mood of the Angels of Vigilance had grown ever darker, organized search and salvage parties breaking up into individualistic paths, solitary marines tearing apart bulkheads and unearthing chambers on their lonesome with frantic movements and motions. Seemingly every armory and munition storage had detonated or cooked off at some point in the time after the Fortress-Monastery’s impact. The Chaplains were silent, no litany or sermon coming to mind. The cities of the world were lifeless, just as the ruins of the orbital ring, but something had eventually begun niggling at the back of Aramus’ mind as they went over servo skull scan reports and the auspex arrays above continued their own work.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, it was the Tech-Marines who managed to pull something of worth, juicing dead and damaged cogitators with enough energy to come to life for just long enough to extract data files. The machine spirits of the Fortress-Monastery’s systems were dead. It was merely the unfortunate truth that with proper training and coaxing, their ghosts might be asked of a little bit more before being laid to rest in permanence. Thus, the assembled commanders met once again within the shattered confines of the innermost section that remained functional out of the whole of the ruined Fortress-Monastery. Here, at last, within stasis-shielded barriers that had flickered out without power, they might learn more than what their own scans were telling them. For beyond the cogitators now running off of portable generators, Sarrelen held up a battered and cracked helmet, the white paint burnt black by some incendiary or another, faint green laurel engravings along the sides stripped mostly away.<br/>
<br/>
“…that is Brother-Captain Agol’s command helm,” Hector confirmed with a nod, his voice deathly quiet, the winds whipping through the creaking ruins, metal groaning and earth rumbling in the distance from quake. “But…where…?”<br/>
<br/>
“I cannot say,” the Blood Raven Tech-Marine shook his head. “Having made a preliminary study of the recording, I suspect we will not find his body.”<br/>
<br/>
“We haven’t found <i>any</i> bodies,” growled Sabin, one of the few remaining Angels of Vigilance apothecaries. “Our brothers, our serfs, our neophytes…,”<br/>
<br/>
“Hence the recording,” Sarrelen took the helm, mechadendrites clicking and tapping into the helm with cords and plugs, “Please, Brother-Captain Hector, hold your questions until after you have all viewed it,” he turned and gestured, causing a hololith to flicker to life.<br/>
<br/>
It took less than a second for all of the space marines present to positively identify the one’s responsible for Pervigilium’s destruction. After all, the recording began with Brother-Captain Agol killing one of them.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================​</div><br/>
<i>Agol’s breath was ragged in his throat, even as he slammed his combat knife through the Dark Eldar’s chin and up through their head. The cruel smirk on the alien’s face did not have enough time to twist into confusion and horror before they died, their prey having slain them instead of the other way around. All around him, the rest of the remnants of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company were falling back further into the Fortress-Monastery. His breath was also ragged due to the fact that his primary heart had been shot, and he bled from several different wounds. It was, perhaps, the Emperor’s blessings that he had survived being hit directly by a splinter cannon at all. <br/>
<br/>
“Regroup, brothers! Hold these vile xenos back!”<br/>
<br/>
Sharp laughter answered him rather than the calls of his brothers. Agol looked up, and to his shock saw that the rest of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company had fallen all around him, all within the seconds it had take him to slay just one of the Incubi. Some struggled, but still others had fallen completely still. They were not, he knew, in fact dead. The despicable creatures had outright broadcast their intent. Prizes. Trophies. Emergency supplies. He knew, even now, that some of his brothers were being caged in preparation for transportation to Emperor-knew-where. Ahead, the Succubus leading the assault laughed again, her razor whip slashing into the adamantium floor with a crack. Her subordinate Wyches slowly rose from their victims and formed up behind her. <br/>
<br/>
“You cannot hold back our kind, mon’keigh. You are too slow, too weak, too stupid,” she reared her head back and laughed again. “Did you not say that you would ‘break our feeble ships and burn our fragile bodies’?” She pitched her voice low as she stalked forward, heels literal spikes that drove into the deck-plates<br/>
<br/>
She almost no armor at all, and yet was positively slathered in the blood of his fallen brothers, her inhumanely pale skin hidden beneath the crimson. <br/>
<br/>
“Even with your pathetic distress call going out, it will be too late,” she swayed her hips as she came closer. “A miniscule whimper to make up for us shattering your pride, and yet it will amount to nothing,” she hissed as she came closer. <br/>
<br/>
Agol moved, all of his enhanced strength and speed saving his life by inches as he leapt backwards from the whip slashing through where he’d lain. The Captain of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company continually shifted backwards, combat knife held in reverse grip as his eyes darted back and forth, the rest of the Wych Coven and Incubi done with their own victims and now crowding in around him from almost all sides. <br/>
<br/>
“The fear your charges shall feel as we bring their protector’s down from on high is so intoxicating, I can taste it from here!” She shrieked with more cruel laughter, now joined by the chuckles of all the other Dark Eldar. <br/>
<br/>
“Merigrynn,” came a new voice, sibilant and cloying with arrogance, a voice that Agol knew from the very beginnings of the incursion.<br/>
<br/>
All of the Dark Eldar stiffened, the Incubi falling into attention postures just before their subordinate warriors did the same. Agol glared angrily through his one functional eye at the one that casually swept into the chamber. His mind raced, trying to find some solution, some tactic, some measure that might yet find victory. Dark Eldar poisons burned their way through his body, fighting to bring him low, either into the embrace of death or to sedate him fully enough that he might be captured. <br/>
<br/>
“Archon Endross,” the Succubus spun on her heels and fell to a kneeling position. “I…,”<br/>
<br/>
“Silence,” he said, and so the Succubus quieted. <br/>
<br/>
Endross himself stood a head again taller than any of the other nearby Dark Eldar. His body, unlike many of their kind, was surprisingly thickly muscled, just barely below the level of what might have been described as bulky. His herad was obscured by a concealing helm, his face specifically covered by a elaborate mask of pure white which depicted an Eldar’s face wracked by grief and pain. A splinter pistol lay in a holster on his hips, as did a sheathed power sword. Deadly weapons, yet unused and practically untouched, for Endross wielded something else entirely: a short staff of intricate work. He swung it, languidly, this way and that as he stalked closer. Its head was the bleached skull of some ancient reptile or another, clutched by what could have been a severed arm from whatever beast it might have been which formed the shaft proper. <br/>
<br/>
“Captain Agol….,” Endross shook his head, tutting. “You disappoint me. I informed you of my coming, and yet you declared that you needed no aid to see us away,” the Archon turned and twitched, as if surprised, to see the fallen battle brothers spread throughout the vault. “Yet,” he tapped a single finger against his mask, “The Exquisite Fang reigns supreme. Your charges shall be fuel for my Kabal, for Commorragh, and for the arts of the Haemunculi. Your Emperor’s…’finest’,” he drew out the word, “Barely occupied us at all. Truly, the arrogance of mon’keigh is ceaseless.”<br/>
<br/>
Agol coughed bloodily, stumbling backwards again as the Archon stepped forwards. <br/>
<br/>
“The…the Angels of Vigilance will return here, they will stop you,” he declared weakly, coughing out another thick stream of blood. “You may kill us, but the Chapter will have its vengeance!”<br/>
<br/>
Endross’ laugh was sharp enough to cut souls. <br/>
<br/>
“Will they? Hmm…an interesting challenge!” the Archon genuinely sounded excited. “Can we harvest the entire populace of a so-called Civilized World before your reinforcements come? Can I drink the soul of a million mon’keigh as they scream in terror as their protector’s orbital ring descends upon their heads? Tell me, mon’keigh, how much entertainment might we extract from each and every one of you ‘Angels of Death’,” he said the title snidely, “Before you die?”<br/>
<br/>
Agol snarled wordlessly, casting his gaze back and forth. <br/>
<br/>
“I have slain hundreds of space marines over the past few thousand years,” Endross chuckled deeply, “It will never cease to amuse me how you hold yourselves to be peerless, peacocking and strutting about across the galaxy that rightfully belongs only to the Drukhari. You are, as ever, genuinely surprised somehow when superior warriors defeat you. I wonder…,” Endross drawled. “If we destroy every primitive pile of rocks banging together you call cogitators, every servo skull, every camera…will your precious ‘battle brothers’ even know? Even the corpses can be used by the Haemunculi, while your paltry wargear might be worth something to the mandrakes that haunt the midden heaps. They shall come running…and find nothing. All that impotent fury…,”<br/>
<br/>
The Archon groaned in audible pleasure at the thought. <br/>
<br/>
“Well. We shall see, won’t we?”<br/>
<br/>
Agol stilled, and glanced once more at the side-chamber he had spied. By now, it was likely that the orbital ring was being destabilized. That he may well have been the last of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company still alive. <br/>
<br/>
“Yes. My brothers </i>will<i> see,” he growled and tore off his helmet, casting it not at any of the Dark Eldar, but instead into the chamber. “Activate stasis-lock of Chapel 19B, Eternity-Terminus!”<br/>
<br/>
The Dark Eldar had frozen, prepared for violence in every aspect but surprised for just long enough for the shimmering fields to phase into being. Not that any who were watching through the helmet’s recording would see it. For in casting it so forcefully, it had struck the ground and spun about, lenses coming to a halt while facing a wall covered in purity seals and engraved oaths. Thus, it did not see what occurred next. Only weak audio was of worth at that point. To hear of the snarl of Endross which quickly transformed into a guffaw which was weakly echoed by the other Dark Eldar. <br/>
<br/>
“Clever! Clever mon’keigh,” Endross could be heard, though there was a new edge there that had not been there before. “I’ve no doubt that we could cut through the walls and retrieve that helmet, if required…but you? You will never know if we choose to or not. I wondered if you would be worth making into a new grotesque by Hulmaelnok…but you’ve…you’ve actually managed to surprise me. So you shall die here and now rather than take our mercies later. Consider it…a token of my favor. A kindness from the Lord of Sorrows himself.”<br/>
<br/>
Agol could be heard to spit. <br/>
<br/>
“How is that for favor, xeno,” he growled wetly. <br/>
<br/>
The response was something that the audio picked up by the helmet plainly could not properly articulate. Something akin to a roar and screech, a light which could be seen even on the wall that the helmet was stuck staring at. Agol's bellow of pain was barely audible at all, and yet it quickly terminated. <br/>
<br/>
“Now there was a hardy soul,” Endross’ voice was filled with relish. “Now then. Back to pleasure.”<br/>
<br/>
“But Archon-,”<br/>
<br/>
“If these Angels of Vigilance could not defend their world, then they didn’t deserve it, did they?” Endross interrupted, his tone mild. “If they wish to lodge a complaint with natural selection, they may come find us. Let them come. At most, their paltry combat abilities might provide an amusing distraction. Now come! We have slaves and spoils aplenty to take. The mon’keigh are too busy ”<br/>
<br/>
The helmet’s emergency power ensured it remained functioning even as explosions and rumbles filled the orbital ring. It was a curious thing to witness the shaking in the walls, the floors, and the ceilings as not just the chapel but the whole of the ring broke apart and was no doubt purposefully pushed down onto the planet. It flew about the chapel in the final descent, crashing down again as static washed over it upon impact, the recording cutting out soon after. </i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================================================​</div><br/>
Sarrelen lowered the helmet, disengaging his mechadendrites.<br/>
<br/>
“The helmet was severely damaged in the landing. It was a more likely possibility that it would be destroyed in the fall of the ring,” he said warily, looking across the deathly still and silent Angels of Vigilance. “It was only the noble machine spirits powering the Chapel’s stasis and void shielding which preserved this place, and the artifice of whomever crafted this helm that kept it from total destruction.”<br/>
<br/>
He paused then, waiting for them to respond, and when they did not he cleared his throat and looked to the stricken Aramus and N’mul.<br/>
<br/>
“The other Tech-Marines and I-,”<br/>
<br/>
The general vox channel screeched to life.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain!” Shouted an Angel of Vigilance scout. “Enemies in the battlezone!”<br/>
<br/>
In an instant, there was commotion and life amongst the other Angels of Vigilance once more. Both because of the call, and the sound of bolter fire on the other end, as well as the fact that from seemingly nowhere amongst the wreckage burst dozens of abominable creatures. There was no time for words, for battle cries, for oaths, as the Dark Eldar grotesques came to life. Sarrelen’s personal auspex began scanning immediately, but he also had to duck away from a grasping creature of patchwork flesh and horrific Haemonculus augments. Around them, more and more of them emerged, engaging each and every space marine present, doubling and even tripling up on them.<br/>
<br/>
“Damnation! Portable Shadow Field generators! They were hidden amongst the ruins all this time!” He called out at the scan’s results before batting the first of them away, jabbing the second in the face with the barrels of his left forearm mounted storm bolter and firing into its mouth.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
It was the same across the ruins. An ambush prepared and waiting for just the moment that their emotions had been most heightened and furious. In the days afterward, Sarrelan would speculate that the Dark Eldar, depraved and dependent as they were on suffering, agony, and emotion from their victims, had likely ensured that at some point and at some time some sort of emotional detector had been invented by their foul kind. Psychic based or otherwise, possibly reading chemicals in the air and in the body. It didn’t really matter, in the end. What mattered more was that the Dark Eldar, who considered themselves artists of suffering and sadism, had ensured that their ambush would only be triggered when the remaining Angels of Vigilance were at their most furious and off-center at the death of their homeworld and Fortress-Monastery.<br/>
<br/>
An hour later, with all of the hidden grotesques slain and the shadow field generators destroyed, Captain Hector found himself falling to his knees, holding the body of the rapidly liquifying Brother-Captain Paris of the 9<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. The space marine managed to gasp out, but no words could be found, the acidic poisons of the grotesques melting not just his flesh, but his organs and gene-seed as well. Captain Paris managed to raise one hand, reaching towards Hector, before that too fell limp, for there was no longer skin and bone within. Only a dark liquid paste that drained out of the many holes punched through his armor. Aramus watched wearily as he glanced around the ruins, covered not just in the corpses of the slain grotesques, but of the space marines that had fallen fighting them too. Some of them had been the Angels of Vigilance, most painfully their 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company which had been securing the wider perimeter and had thus been more isolated and spread out.<br/>
<br/>
But not all.<br/>
<br/>
“How many…,” Aramus murmured.<br/>
<br/>
“Five,” N’mul answered with a low growl. “Vile xenos.”<br/>
<br/>
“I have only ever fought Craftworld Eldar, not this kind,” Aramus admitted, scowling at his inexperience. Perhaps, if he had known better, some of the deaths might have been prevented…?<br/>
<br/>
“They are more similar than they would ever admit,” N’mul shook his head. “But even so, the Dark Eldar are by far the most depraved of aliens I have ever met. They exult and feed off of the agony and fear of others – literally, so the Librarians tell us. Tell me, in your past encounters with the Craftworld Eldar, did they speak of greater goods, of protections and the like that our minds could not comprehend?”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus thought of the witch Idranel. Her claims. Her manipulations. And all the wanton destruction her kind caused before and after her death.<br/>
<br/>
“Something like that.”<br/>
<br/>
“The Dark Eldar, or Drukhari, have no such pretenses. All are prey to them,” N’mul, shaking his head.<br/>
<br/>
“We are not prey!” Hector yelled, glaring at them from where he still held the empty armor of his battle brother.<br/>
<br/>
His chest heaved in his armor, each breath heavy and ragged. His terminator armor was battered and damaged, but the marine himself had suffered no physical damage. Much of his 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company could say the same. The other nearby Angels of Vigilance still seemed shellshocked, but they came out of it with Hector’s words.<br/>
<br/>
“We are not prey,” he repeated, this time more quietly, looking upon the armor in his hands before gently letting it down to the ground to rest in the pool of viscera that had once been a space marine. Still breathi“And I swear, upon the blood of Paris and the wreckage of Pervigilium, of our Fortress-Monastery, that in the name of the Angels of Vigilance, I <i>will</i> hunt this Endross down and slay him!”<br/>
<br/>
An angry cheer rose up from the survivors of his Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
“I as well!” One cried.<br/>
<br/>
“We are with you, Hector!”<br/>
<br/>
N’mul watched it play out, more and more of the Angels of Vigilance swearing to the hunt but then turned as the Salamander apothecary Fer’vel approached. A look, and a nod, gesturing towards the five reductor vials now hung on his waist, were all that was required. N’mul tilted his head, and Fer’vel bowed his, stepping back once more to see to the wounds sustained by the remainder of their own battle-brothers. Their deaths would burn at him forevermore, but he could not afford to lose himself to those fires. His mind was far more focused on other things, though it shamed him to admit it.<br/>
<br/>
“Calidus-,” he near whispered into the private command channel reserved for the Salamanders alone.<br/>
<br/>
“I know. I am…I am reviewing the records,” the Salamander Librarian murmured back, the psyker standing far to the side away from him. “I don’t…it seems unlikely.”<br/>
<br/>
“And yet,” N’mul countered.<br/>
<br/>
“And yet,” Calidus sighed. “We must investigate further, though it may prove difficult.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm?” N’mul turned his head slightly, watching Aramus confer with the rest of his battle brothers upon the <i>Retribution</i> in orbit.<br/>
<br/>
“A Dark Eldar Kabal capable of full planetary invasions, not mere scant raids, is a formidable one indeed. They destroyed all cogitators, but they could not eliminate weapon damages dealt to the ring, nor explosive resides – or so the Tech-Marines tell me. Furthermore, the psychic echoes of the atrocities done to the population here are near deafening, Captain.”<br/>
<br/>
N’mul blinked.<br/>
<br/>
“Calidus, I-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Will be confirmed by the rest of the Chapter the moment you can be dragged back to Nocturne for the ceremony, brother. Do not even try to deny it.”<br/>
<br/>
N’mul sighed.<br/>
<br/>
“We will discuss this later. For now…,” he closed the channel and looked to Aramus. “Aramus.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm?” The Blood Raven looked his way. “I am of a mind to aid the Angels of Vigilance in finding vengeance. What of you?”<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t even a lie.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus looked at the raging and grieving Angels of Vigilance and nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“It sounds like this Kabal intends to take advantage of the ongoing fighting, letting the majority of the Imperium’s forces remain focused on the Warmaster. Even if they had not done this, they would need to be stopped.”<br/>
<br/>
In agreement, the two looked to Hector, who had heard their words.<br/>
<br/>
“If, that is, they would have us.”<br/>
<br/>
Hector glanced around his remaining brothers before gritting his teeth.<br/>
<br/>
“By all rights, this should be a fight for our Chapter alone…but I cannot deny that we are weakened after their treachery. If…if the Blood Ravens and the Salamanders would aid us, I would welcome it. Vengeance <i>must</i> be had for this.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================​</div><br/>
“So. That is where we stand. I am willing to transport any who would not wish to join us in this to the nearest Imperial base, but I must ask that you decide quickly,” Aramus stepped back as he finished speaking.<br/>
<br/>
For a moment, there was quiet, save for the hum of the ship. In the end, it was the Sister of Battle who stepped forward first.<br/>
<br/>
“A single human soul lost to the depredations of xenos would be enough,” Palantine Katicia, her eyes bloodshot with anger. “But a hundred million of them? I could not bear to face the God-Emperor in death if I did not do this in life.”<br/>
<br/>
A screech of binary conversation between the two representatives of the Mechanicus present ended with both nodding in unison.<br/>
<br/>
“Affirmative,” Magos-Militant Thallrex-17 beeped. “Too much wargear has been pillaged, or worse, destroyed. The loss of the Pervigllium Ring is great. The Omnissiah weeps.”<br/>
<br/>
“The Exquisite Blade must be punished,” Magos Dominus Pelliad’s mechadendrites spasmed angrily.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus looked at them all and nodded, a ghost of a smile on his lips.<br/>
<br/>
“I give you my thanks, then. May we find victory.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================================​</div><br/>
Even knowing their quarry, it was not an easy or simple matter to chase them. The Dark Eldar were a powerful force on the battlefield, and swift beyond belief. By the time that the <i>Retribution</i> had reached Pervigilium, it had been over a week since their departure. Scans were made, reports collected, information scoured and collated as they dove back into the Cadian Sector. In between fighting in outer systems, seeking out reports of disappearances and missing regiments and groupings, they hunted. On most occasions, they discovered that the culprits were servants of Chaos. Either because they had been driven mad by the ongoing fighting, or had been corrupted more directly by the hands of sorcerers and infiltrators. There were other instances, however, of total disappearances, not just of Imperial citizens either. Minor bands of greenskins, irritants compared to the superlative strength and numbers being thrown about by the Imperium and the forces of the Warmaster, disappeared from their huts and outposts without seemingly having managed to fire a shot. An Imperial Guard regiment on garrison duty, as well as the Traitor Guard that had been laying siege to them, the basilisks artillery tanks left running.<br/>
<br/>
Then they began finding evidence of something else entirely.<br/>
<br/>
“What sort of weapon could do this?” Aramus asked as they stared at the shredded daemon-engine in front of them.<br/>
<br/>
They had come together, the Tech-Marines deployed in full with Angels of Vigilance and Salamanders both scouring the battlefield. Sarrelen held a hand up to the hull, which had once been infused with the energies of the warp, but did not dare outright touch it. His skull probes and auspex were scanning well enough, the other Tech-Marines doing similar analytic work. Truth be told, however, Sarrelen didn’t need to wait for the results. He had served with Captain Thule’s forces, maintaining bases built across the surface of Kronus, and in one notable instance, below.<br/>
<br/>
“Necron, Force Commander,” he stated after a moment. “Gauss weaponry flays molecule by molecule in rapid fashion, rending flesh and metal alike with the same ease.”<br/>
<br/>
“I concur,” Cendium, the Senior Tech-Marine of the Salamanders, nodded. “This daemon-engine was of the Defiler classification, a walker sub-category. Often artillery, but when let off their leashes they can prove deadly up close. It would have died easily, in most cases. And yet,” he gestured to the three severed pieces it had been cut into, “I would suspect this is the work of some of the more powerful weaponry the Necrons possess. Gauss blasters, and the like.”<br/>
<br/>
“Agreed,” Sarrelen nodded, looking then to Aramus. “There were confirmed reports of Necron vessels swarming the Blackstone Fortresses several years ago, almost a fifth of Abbadon’s estimated naval strength at the time was guarding them, and it wasn’t enough. Since then, however, nothing.”<br/>
<br/>
“Well,” Aramus glanced around the battlefield. “Clearly that has changed. Any idea why that might be?”<br/>
<br/>
The Salamanders did not respond immediately, but Aramus noted how they glanced amongst themselves. He didn’t comment on it, much as he had not when the Space Wolves had abandoned the entire battlefield despite the rumors of monstrous and mutated space marines bearing their colors. That did not mean that it did not sting. He had fought alongside the Great Wolf for only a short time, and the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Founding had more secrets than he would ever know. But N’mul and the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had been his close allies for a good number of years, at this point. He had fought alongside them for longer than the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st ​</span>and 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Aurelian Crusades combined. His lips thinned behind his helmet, but he shook the maudlin thoughts from himself, for now at least. One way or another, he knew, the truth of the matter would come out before the hunt for Endross was done.<br/>
<br/>
“I see. Well, any clues as towards Endross’ next move, then?” He offered them a change in subject, one they leapt upon easily.<br/>
<br/>
“The Dark Eldar are fast, but every time they stop to raid and take prisoners, they must slow themselves. From each of those points, they must then consider the Webway, to relieve their cargo holds, as well as what targets to take next. Based on previous struck planets and battlefield conditions present on those worlds…,”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus let the information wash over him, examining it detachedly as he looked to where Hector stood. The forlorn 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Captain of the Angels of Vigilance had grown ever more taciturn and quieter, only to explode into violence on every battlefield they found themselves on. Aramus counted the man as an ally, they had sworn to hunt Endross together after all, but some days he could not tell if it was Hector the space marine who he was talking to, or a grenade with the pin pulled that walked.<br/>
<br/>
“There is little else for us here. Let us return to the ships and keep moving as surely as our quarry must be,” he said after the Tech-Marines wound down.<br/>
<br/>
It would not be the last time they found evidence of Necron involvement. There were never any bodies left behind, though Aramus knew from the records that this was usual for their kind. Only the barest few fragments of inert necrodermis, and evidence of weapons fire could be found, every now and then, on the same steady path that they themselves were already following. Which was, of course, quite disconcerting. The last times the Necrons had involved themselves in the fighting going on in the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade and its various battlezones, they had carved their way through the forces of Chaos and fired on any Imperial ships that came too close before, during, and after the retrieval of their prizes. This, more than anything, seemed to enflame the Salamanders as much as the Angels of Vigilance.<br/>
<br/>
Eventually, it would all come to a head, just as Aramus had thought it would.<br/>
<br/>
He would not have predicted Vorga Torq as the planet for it.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================================​</div><br/>
“Warp transition complete in three, two, one…,”<br/>
<br/>
The warp tore, and their combined fleet entered realspace once again. They were almost immediately committed to an ongoing fight in the void, macrocannon fusillades and lance blasts striking void shields across the fleet as they appeared on the perimeter of it all. Aramus gripped the actuality sphere’s projector as the <i>Retribution</i> rumbled from enemy fire, auspex systems already picking out the identity of multiple Chaos ships in the battlezone. More than that, however, were a notable number of thin, razor sharp ships festooned with spikes and xeno sails aplenty. It was these that Hector and the remains of his Chapter most obviously focused on, despite Aramus sighting the third and fourth parties that were also present.<br/>
<br/>
“THERE!” Hector roared across the vox. “Dark Eldar ships! The same emblems of the aliens from the recording! It’s the Exquisite Blade! All ships, forward!”<br/>
<br/>
“Hector wait!” Aramus shouted. “There’s an ork fleet and a necron fleet in the way!”<br/>
<br/>
Nearby, N’mul was hurriedly speaking onto his Chapter’s vox.<br/>
<br/>
“ANGELS OF VIGILANCE, FORWARD!”<br/>
<br/>
“HECTOR!”<br/>
<br/>
Vorga Torq had been little more than a Penal World for almost its entire existence. The criminal elements throughout the Cadian Sector had been sent, in no small amounts, to the world. But at the start of the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade, the Iron Skulls titan legion had burned the world in the name of the Warmaster and Chaos. Though much of it had been reduced to ash, not all of it had. In the many decades since, the roaming feral prisoner gangs had combined, broken, and most importantly – bred. Other than the bodies of those on the planet below, there quite simply was no strategic value in taking it, or trying to rebuild the prisons so long as the war was going on. But then, Aramus knew by now, all those bodies and the souls within them were precisely what the Dark Eldar had been looking for.<br/>
<br/>
Now the space above it was filed with battle once more.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus shook his head as he watched the Angels of Vigilance fly directly into the middle of it all. The numerous Chaos ships were clearly of the Black Legion, but the symbols etched into their ships which even now made the auspex shriek were those that followed Tzeentch. Their shots were frustratingly unerring, and struck out at all of their foes, the new ships that Hector brought forth included. The ork ships did the same, though their fire was more significant in amount and far lesser in accuracy. It did not stop several blasts of lightning from stabbing at the void shields of some of Hector’s ships, stripping the void shields of some of the smaller vessels. At which point the necron ships joined their own fire. A brace of Scythe-class Harvest Ships seemed practically inviolable, despite the weapons being fired at them, and Aramus could not help the shout of outrage as an Imperial frigate was shot to pieces almost casually by secondary weapons.<br/>
<br/>
And the <i>Retribution</i> was right alongside them.<br/>
<br/>
“Thaddeus,” he looked to his friend and battle brother, armor gleaming and twin chainswords for the moment silent holstered on his waist. “Are you ready?”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course, Aramus.”<br/>
<br/>
“Then may the Unknown Primarch watch over us. Kogal,” He called to the apothecary who was currently sitting the command throne, who in turn looked to him. “You have command, then.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well, Aramus. Don’t make me have to come over there to retrieve your bodies,” the apothecary tilted his head, tone deadly serious.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================​</div><br/>
Despite decades and decades of war across the Aegis Occularis, Aramus had never yet invaded an Eldar vessel in his time as a space marine of the Blood Ravens. That came to an end as the boarding torpedo crashed successfully into part of the ship’s innards, jumping and jarring as it shattered its way through the hull and then the first deck, terminating in a halt halfway through the second and third. The doors slammed open, and immediately a splinter cannon nearly him directly in the torso. Sarrelen stepped forward in front of them all, his custom panoply whirring as every individual weapon spun or otherwise powered up.<br/>
<br/>
“DIE XENOS!” The Tech-Marine declared, voice deepened and louder through the terminator armor’s speakers.<br/>
<br/>
Two combi-assault cannons and two storm bolters began firing all at once, a riotous eruption of sound and fury which filled the ears to overflowing. Rather than stopping, however, Sarrelen simply stepped forward and continuing firing down the corridor they had landed in, allowing Aramus and N’mul to swiftly emerge from the boarding pod. All around them, the Dark Eldar danced, fought, and killed the various boarders that had come to invade them. Orks bellowed and fired their shootas, power klaws snapping and slashing. Chaos Space Marines prayed aloud to the Dark Gods, cackling daemons spewing flame and individual fangs as if they were bullets from their many mouths. And, striding fearlessly and steadily through it all, were the Necrons. Aramus’ first impression of them was disgust, seeing as how at least some of them were draped in the bloody flayed skins of who knew how many victims. The flat and unchanging expressions on their faces, as well as those of other kinds firing glowing green rifles and cannons, only disturbed him further.<br/>
<br/>
“Aramus, watch out!” One of the Salamanders in N’mul’s command squad shouted, and he whirled, hammer swinging, only to be shocked as his blow came to a sudden halt, bouncing off of a large shield wielded by a particularly ornate looking Necron. In its other hand was a large humming blade.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm! Fascinating!” An incongruously cheery voice echoed from behind it.<br/>
<br/>
Even as the Necron champion, a lychguard if Aramus did not miss his guess, continued to strain against his own weapon, he looked to the speaker. They walked forward slowly; an especially elaborate staff held in one hand. It almost looked as if he wore a cloak and hood, made of the same necrodermis material as everything else. A roar of fury came from nearby, but Aramus could not take a moment to turn his head away from his foe. Especially as they bent backwards, off-balancing him and then began a punishing assault with its weapon, forcing him on the backstep like he had rarely ever been throughout his lifetime. At the same time, whenever he successfully struck a blow, the damage that had shattered bones and armor alike of his foes wriggled and writhed upon the alien’s body. And, much to his anger despite knowing it was coming, it was on the path to repairing itself.<br/>
<br/>
“You are Aramus, the Blood Raven,” the Necron continued to speak, a hand clutching at their chin. “But…no. You are not worth it. I have a surplus of fallen heroes seeking redemption,” an oddly organic tutting sound emerging from that unmoving mouth. “A hundred and one permutations of ‘doing what had to be done and feeling sorry afterwards’ is quite enough, I think.”<br/>
<br/>
“Who…are you…,” he gritted out.<br/>
<br/>
The Necron stopped as it had begun walking past him, absentmindedly forming a gauss blaster with his free hand and firing it through the chest of a charging Chaos Raptor and forced them to their knees. They lowered their staff, firing it once at the barely living Chaos worshipper, who then exploded. At least a dozen nearby Chaos troops screamed out as they were lashed with pain.<br/>
<br/>
“I? Why, I am none other than the curator and archivist of the grandest gallery in all the galaxy,” the Necron swept their now reformed free hand up to their chest. “I am seeker, collector, and protector of the unique. I am-,”<br/>
<br/>
“TRAZYN!” N’mul shouted, firing his multi-melta directly at the Necron.<br/>
<br/>
Rather than striking them, however, a second lychguard appeared from the melee going on all around them, blocking the blow with their shield. It began to glow, quickly, but for the moment, held.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, that,” the Necron seemed almost put out at being interrupted. “Though, Salamander, I would note that my full title is Trazyn the <i>Infinite</i>,” he added with a projected sound of a clucking tongue. “It is best to be accurate when speaking, I find.”<br/>
<br/>
Rather than respond verbally, N’mul and the rest of his command squad simply attacked once again, despite the fact that Aramus was nearby. They were joined in this effort by another squad of Salamanders. Sarrelen had advanced ahead and was now firing upon every enemy he could find. Thaddeus was engaged in combat with a mutated Chaos Champion. Trazyn, for his part, simply twitched his body in a manner that Aramus would normally associate with rolling one’s eyes, save for the fact the Necron possessed no such thing. In an instant, the Necron was torn apart by the combined fire, melted and blasted apart, pieces going flying. In the instant afterwards, the various pieces began to flicker and shift, until they resembled their exact former existence not at all. The distraction was also enough for Aramus to slam the lychguard down to the ground, hitting it thrice with the <i>Sunderhammer</i> before it stopped moving, shattering its torso to pieces.<br/>
<br/>
“ENOUGH!,” Aramus bellowed despite the fighting going on all around him, stomping up to N’mul and grabbing him by the gorget of his armor to drag him close. “N’mul! I will have answers. Who was that, and why-,”<br/>
<br/>
“We don’t have time for this!” N’mul shouted back, shoving backwards from him. “That wasn’t him. Just another copy. He has done such duplicitous things before. We must hurry!”<br/>
<br/>
And then, to Aramus’ stark disbelief, N’mul turned and <i>ran</i> from him. All of the Salamanders did, in fact, forming up and forming a tight closed-ranks formation that bulled through the ongoing fight across the deck. Aramus boggled at it before ducking away from a charging ork meganob, power klaw sparking and custom shoota sending solid slugs dancing up his power armor.<br/>
<br/>
“N’mul!”<br/>
<br/>
Thaddeus was embattled now, a pair of Dark Eldar wyches practically cartwheeling around him with their power swords. Sarrelen was ducking behind some fallen pieces of wall, multiple alien warriors firing at him.<br/>
<br/>
“N’MUL!”<br/>
<br/>
But the Salamanders did not turn back, and instead disappeared from sight. Aramus snarled in anger as he battered the ork to death and then moved to aid Thaddeus. The cackling of the alien women ended when he slammed <i>Sunderhammer</i> into one’s head, while his battle brother drove his chainswords into the stomach and chest of the other and pulled in opposite directions. The two moved, in silence, to Sarrelen, who had taken out more orks, eldar, and necrons combined than either of them. By sheer weight of fire he had shattered dozens of necrons to pieces, and while some of them were literally pulling themselves back together, others were phasing out entirely in muted swirls of green.<br/>
<br/>
“We need to move,” he growled, both nodding in acknowledgement. “With me!”<br/>
<br/>
He turned, then, and flipped the thunder hammer in his grip around, his knees bending low.<br/>
<br/>
“FOR THE EMPEROR!” He roared the battle cry and then thundered forward, servos in his power armor whirring as he did so, every effort and iota of strength he possessed put into the charge.<br/>
<br/>
None could withstand the charge. The mass and speed were simply too great. Orks were spent flying away, many struck down by Thaddeus and Sarrelen as they moved behind him. Several Dark Eldar died outright as he slammed into them, kabalite armor and the bodies within shattered to meaty chunks by sheer violent kinetic force. Even the Necron warriors were not spared, though being more durable than the two former sort of xenos meant that they were simply knocked aside outside of the one warrior that was struck by his body head on, metal torso breaking away from metal legs. And yet Aramus did not stop. His stamina propelled him forwards, the deck below crunching and shattering in a shallow trench that he formed with naught but his own motion, building the momentum further and further until he finally reached the end of the corridor. An ork meganob burst forth, streaming blood from several wounds, only to laugh with glee at an opponent reaching him. It’s laugh died as he finally unleashed the <i>Sunderhammer</i>, swinging upwards and then downwards with all his might directly upon the orks face. The energy field triggered, releasing the blast of concussive force, and the ork’s face, head, and innards simply ceased to be.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did Aramus pause glance at the ruinous fighting still going on behind them for a few seconds before turning and moving on.<br/>
<br/>
The entire battleship seemed to be possessed by madness. But, he realized within seconds of thought, it was not being destroyed. This was for a reason, whether good or ill remained to be determined. The Angels of Vigilance, he understood. Hector wished to strangle, to crush, to obliterate Endross with his own hands. In person, rather than risk destroying the ship from afar and never be entirely certain that the duplicitous alien was truly dead. This was understandable. Yet the orks were far less restrained. The Necron, he had no such certainties about, but the few reports that existed of their weapons seemed to make certain that if they wished the ship destroyed, they could do so. But they did not. Nor did the servants of the Chaos Gods, who seemed pleased to send forth their daemons, their champions, their cultist servants and slaves. Instead, all had chosen to board, to fight amongst themselves.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor!” Thaddeus shouted as he leapt ahead, chainswords whirring as his jump pack ignited, firing the veteran forward in a fatal horizontal line.<br/>
<br/>
The monomolecularly-edged teeth shredded almost all they touched. The sheer force aided by the jump pack ensured that by kinetic strength alone that what Thaddeus went through were hacked apart. Those that managed to avoid the flashing pair of chainswords were struck and sent flying, bowling others apart or dying outright as bones crunched and broke. Those that survived, or were simply not directly in that path, suffered from the sheer weight of fire that Sarrelen could manage. An amount of ammo expenditure in spent shells that was more appropriate to a pair of razorback tanks fell to the ground, the barrels of every weapon glowing a dull red, well on its way to yellow and white. Aramus, meanwhile, now brought up the rear, keeping Sarrelen’s flanks and rear clear.<br/>
<br/>
Such was how the trio fought through the ship, following the transponder signals from the Salamanders and Angels of Vigilance, from the middle deck where they had landed, right to the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
By the time they reached it, the doors, and portions of the walls, had outright been blown apart, with the dead of all forces present littering the ground. Aramus grimaced at the sight of unmoving Salamander and Angels of Vigilance bodies, scattered amongst the xenos and traitors. But the fighting within the bridge was still clearly ongoing. They did not have more than a few seconds to pause, regroup, and then forge in, this time with Sarrelen in the lead with Thaddeus and Aramus flanking. As such, while Sarrelen began firing the moment he sighted enemies, the other two could step into the bridge and observe, watching with anger and confusion at the morass of anarchy.<br/>
<br/>
More dead littered the ground. Numerous possessed marines spewed blue and pink fire, claws and fangs flashing through the air, all of them bearing the sigil of Tzeentch somewhere on their bodies. Ork nobs and meganobs bellowed and laughed, power klaws snapping and various kustom shoots firing all over the place, only some vaguely towards their enemies. Necron warriors dispassionately fired at everyone present, uncaring when one of theirs was struck down in turn. Power swords and chainswords swung back and forth, held in the hands of the Angels of Vigilance, even as the Salamanders fired upon what foes they could. Neither, however, could risk getting close to the central melee which was taking place in the very middle of the bridge. Over and through shattered consoles and seats, individual slave posts and torture stations, Endross bent and danced through the fight, staff in one hand and slim power sword in the other. A possessed marine which had five arms and three legs bellowed as it struck out not just at the Archon, but at the other opponents as well. Hector was silent, face a rictus of fury, his two-handed power sword swinging back and forth, punctures in his armor leaving blood upon the ground. Also joining them was an especially thickly muscled ork, an enormous cleaver that might possibly have been called a cutlass in one hand which crackled with crude ork technologies. A hat that a small man might have been crushed under was outright stapled to the orks’ head.<br/>
<br/>
“Right,” Aramus stated before a bright flash of green light washed over the entire bridge.<br/>
<br/>
And a quartet of tyranid warriors appeared, just as did what looked exactly like Trazyn the Infinite.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah! And so we are all here, ready for the finale performance,” the Necron drawled, and this time when weapons were fired at him, a scintillating sphere of energy surrounded him, blocking out even multi-melta beams. “Endross! You’ve been the steward of that staff for long enough, don’t you think? Yes, yes, you stole it from the one who stole it from the one who looted it and so on down the lines,” he rolled his free hand in lieu of his eyes. “But as evidenced by, well, all this, I rather think it deserves are more proper steward.”<br/>
<br/>
“Never!” Endross snarled through needled teeth.<br/>
<br/>
“Da shiny stick is mine!” The ork Kaptin bellowed, turning his double barreled shoota on Trazyn ineffectually, even while he kept slashing at Endross.<br/>
<br/>
“Die!” Hector cried aloud.<br/>
<br/>
“Enough of this!” Endross spat before dropping a sphere at his feet which exploded in light and sound as well as concussive force.<br/>
<br/>
Hector, the ork, and the larger possessed marine all went flying, striking the walls. As Aramus and Thaddeus moved in, however, Endross remained almost exactly where he’d previously stood. The mask upon his face prevented any hint of the emotions that might have been roiling within from being exposed, and yet he gestured with the staff once more. This time, everyone was able to see what happened as it fired. A beam of purest scarlet bloomed out of the skull which capped it washing over fully half of the bridge, including a handful of the remaining Dark Eldar within its reach. Within seconds, rust and wear appeared upon the armors of almost all present. Several died outright, shriveling where they stood. The mighty green thews of the ork decayed, skin tightening around rapidly decaying musculature and organs, flesh drooping and greying out even as all armor and weapons ceased functioning. The lines upon Hector’s face deepened, and then deepened again, wrapping his skin tight against his skull, his very teeth beginning to yellow and then depart from his drying gums. His eyes were wide, and then shrank, the very moisture and liquid itself being reduced away.<br/>
<br/>
“HECTOR!” Aramus shouted, horror on his face as the Captain of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company struggled to his feet before stumbling forward, skin tearing to reveal the yellow and already chipping and breaking bone beneath.<br/>
<br/>
Initially, he tried to reach into the red field, only to tear his left arm back as he felt the incredibly unsettling sensation of it weakening unto near uselessness before he removed it, leaving him to watch helplessly as Hector was reduced to a pile of bone dust inside his armor which – almost mockingly – remained largely pristine, all in the span of a few seconds. Endross laughed into the ensuing silence, starting with a low chuckle that rapidly let loose into a full blown guffaw drenched in inhuman cruelty.<br/>
<br/>
“It is not the aging which might do it, for some creatures,” the Archon said almost conversationally. “It is the lack of air in the lungs. The nutrition in the stomach, the blood, circulating with nothing in it. Starvation. Suffocation. Dehydration. All in quantities that almost all living things must combat, centuries of it all at once.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus growled, turning on the alien, as did the remainder of the Angels of Vigilance present. Trazyn had simply wrapped his chin lightly in his fingers, as if a contemplative philosopher.<br/>
<br/>
“I will kill you,” Aramus promised, the fingers of his left hand twitching more weakly than they ever had in his time as a space marine.<br/>
<br/>
Endross…laughed.<br/>
<br/>
“No, I think not. This has been amusing enough, a delectable distraction, but I have a quota to meet,” Endross made as if to wave away a gnat.<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t think you shall be escaping so easily,” Trazyn shook his head once. “Is the arrogance of the Eldar truly so limitless?”<br/>
<br/>
“Hah! I should say the same of the Necron!” Endross declared before a series of vox calls began sparking to life.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Hector! New Dark Eldar ships entering the battlezone! It’s…it’s so many!” The call came through the prematurely aged systems still intact in Hector’s wargear.<br/>
<br/>
“Aramus, you need to get out of there right now. There’s a new Dark Eldar fleet, twice the size of the first!”<br/>
<br/>
“Uh, boss! We’ze gotta go!” A call came to the deceased Kaptin, loudly broadcasting from a crude speaker welded into his gorget.<br/>
<br/>
The glow in Trazyn’s eyes grew brighter before he fired out a lance of deadly energy from his own staff towards Endross, only for the Dark Eldar Archon to drag and then throw a dead Incubi in the way. The Incubi almost looked to dissolve at rapid speed. Behind them, however, Endross was surrounded in a flicker of light before disappearing into a wall which shimmered away to reveal what looked to be a Webway portal. One that shut off less than a second after the Archon’s departure. Rage and outcry followed from many of those present at seeing their target get away, but none were so loud as the few remaining Angels of Vigilance and the Salamanders.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh! Clever. A bit of sport then, is it?” Trazyn spoke calmly. “Well, it seems the race is on.”<br/>
<br/>
Even as N’mul and his Salamanders turned their weapons about, it was too late. Trazyn, along with every other Necron present, faded away with faint green glows marking their spots.<br/>
<br/>
“Kogal,” Aramus seethed. “Activate emergency teleport. Retrieve all Blood Raven and Salamander transponders. And…tell the Angels of Vigilance they need to do the same,” he finished as he looked over Hector’s power armor, dust trickling out of the gorget to rest upon the ground. “Then open a channel to the Angels of Vigilance for me.”<br/>
<br/>
He paused long enough for the light of teleportation to wash over him, planting him in the teleportarium along with a number of others. A blip appeared in the far right corner of his visor’s vision, a note of acknowledgement from Kogal and a notification that<br/>
<br/>
“Attention all Imperial ships. Endross has escaped. We must make a tactical retreat and continue the hunt from a stronger position.<br/>
<br/>
“Never! We must have vengeance for Pervigilium! Cowards! You swore an oath to aid us!”<br/>
<br/>
He groaned, slamming a fist against a wall as his head hung. He knew it was likely, more than likely, but he had held hope that some reason might prevail.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Menon,” Aramus pleaded, “We are in a precarious position precisely because we ran ahead without proper consideration of the battlefield. We <i>can</i> win, but not here. Not now!”<br/>
<br/>
“Commander, the Dark Eldar ships have already wiped out most of the Chaos fleet, the remainder are fleeing. The orks are in similar straights, though they seem less inclined to retreat,” Kogal said hurriedly through the Blood Raven command vox, driving Aramus to grind his teeth. “The Necron ships are gone already, we can’t seem to track where they went.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Menon <i>think</i>! Do you genuinely think that our ships can withstand the enemy in time for us to figure out whichever ship Endross might have transported to? Without surely dying long before!?” Aramus yelled now. “There will be no vengeance taken here if you all die within the next few minutes because you were too foolish to pull back! <i>I</i> will continue the hunt for Endross without you, if you choose to make a pyre of yourselves here, but do <i>not</i> dare call me an oathbreaker for wanting to actually <i>succeed</i> in fulfilling it rather than commit suicide!”<br/>
<br/>
Several seconds passed by, each one seeming longer than the next, before Menon spoke again.<br/>
<br/>
“We shall retreat…<i>for now</i>, and take stock of what we have lost here,” Menon sounded pained beyond belief as he said it.<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you, Menon,” Aramus sighed. “Set coordinates to Kantrael, we can make repairs at the Forge World.”<br/>
<br/>
“…Acknowledged.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus inhaled deeply and then swept <i>Sunderhammer</i> up to block the passageway that the Salamanders had begun approaching once they’d regrouped after the emergency passageway. He turned and glared at them with enough heated intensity that even the sons of Nocturne had to take pause. Their expressions were an indeterminate mix of frustration, anger, and shellshock, all of which swiveled now to focus on his own bared teeth. A rumbling shook throughout the ship as automatic warnings of warp transition went out, the Gellar fields flickering to life to gird it as it fled the battlefield. Aramus, however, kept his glare steady throughout the process.<br/>
<br/>
“I am done with waiting on answers and explanations. We just cost the Imperium a good man, and many more besides!” He snarled. “N’mul! Calidus! We shall have <i>words</i>. Not tomorrow. Not an hour from now. Right. Now.”<br/>
<br/>
Only then did he lower <i>Sunderhammer</i>, gesturing into the depths of the <i>Retribution</i> with a curt gesture. The two called out Salamanders glanced between once another for a moment before N’mul exhaled sharply through his nose and nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“I owe you that much, Aramus,” he said quietly.<br/>
<br/>
“I think we both know you owe me more than that,” Aramus snapped. “But it seems that this will have to suffice.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================​</div><br/>
“The Song of Entropy,” Sarrelen repeated. “Quite a name.”<br/>
<br/>
The meager thimble’s worth of Blood Ravens had all come at Aramus’ call, all save for their Tomb-Epistolary who was being allowed to slumber. For all that a psyker could, dreadnought or otherwise, when passing through the Warp. The Salamanders, for their part, had not asked for others of their number to come with them save for their own Senior Tech-Marine, leaving N’mul and Calidus and Cendium at a numerical advantage. Almost all of them still bore wet blood and battle damage across their power armor, the stink of battle and near over-heated metal filling the air. Even as they looked across the table at one another, the barrels of Sarrelen’s various weapons tinged and popped as the metal cooled.<br/>
<br/>
“It is more than that,” Calidus said slowly. “The Song of Entropy is not of alien make. It is one of the legendary lost artifacts of Vulkan himself.”<br/>
<br/>
A collective intake of breaths came across the Blood Ravens, save for Nereus, who was utterly silent as ever.<br/>
<br/>
“But…how did…,” Aramus began and then stopped himself. “How could…?”<br/>
<br/>
“It is a tragic tale,” the Librarian cupped at his chin before shaking his head. “And yet, it must be told.”<br/>
<br/>
So it was, though Aramus could tell there were a great many parts edited out. Whether for brevity or secrecy, or some other third thing, he could not quite decide. Either way, the Blood Ravens listened as the Librarian told of T’kell, of the <i>Chalice of Fire</i>, and so much more. The hunt, the artifacts found, and the prophecies supposedly surrounding them. Of what it might mean, truly, with that most dangerous of all things – hope – that might somehow lead to the return of a Primarch. To say that the Blood Ravens were not swept up in that same momentous hope would be an understatement. Thought they knew not their own Primarch, they could not help but heartily commiserate in their hearts of such a possibility. Not only for themselves, for the Salamanders, but for the Imperium as a whole. None, however, showed it on their faces. Only Aramus left his face bare, the others concealed by helms and rebreathers, the latter in Nereus’ case.<br/>
<br/>
“The latest, before this, was the <i>Gauntlet of the Forge</i>,” Calidus concluded, voice slightly hoarse. “It was torn from the Eldar Pirate Lord, Iath Bloodweaver by our Forgemaster Vulkan He’Stan.”<br/>
<br/>
“It has to be the Song of Entropy in Endross’ foul grip,” N’mul jumped in, his red eyes almost literally burning in their sockets. “The size, the shape, the look, the <i>effects</i>. We have examined and re-examined every helmet recording a dozen times each. It has to be the Song of Entropy,” he repeated, nearly vibrating in his armor.<br/>
<br/>
“More than once in the past, Trazyn the Infinite has attempted to steal from the Salamanders,” Calidus said calmly, a hand coming to rest on N’mul’s pauldron. “In 878.M41 and again in the Tochran Crusade. He sought to steal the artifacts that the Chapter Master bears, but in both occasions Vulkan He’Stan defeated him in personal combat and crushed him. But <i>every</i> time,” Calidus shook his head, aggrieved. “He re-emerged, or escaped, or…his title as ‘the Infinite’ seems dangerously appropriate. It does not matter how many times he is struck down, he just reappears again in a new body.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus raised an eyebrow, his arms still crossed across his chest as they had been since the start.<br/>
<br/>
“Aramus, you must understand, we had to be sure. We could not-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Tell me?” He interrupted, looking between the two. “Trust me? How many decades has it been since we,” he gestured at his fellow Blood Ravens, “Rescued you from certain death, N’mul?”<br/>
<br/>
The obsidian skin of N’muls face pinched as he ducked his head.<br/>
<br/>
“Aramus-,”<br/>
<br/>
“No,” Aramus slammed a hand down on the table, wincing at his still weakened left arm rattled with it. “You’ve both talked enough. Now it is my turn to speak. We have fought alongside you across more than five sectors. We have…have <i>ferried</i> you in all that time,” his voice trembled with his anger. “You know <i>our</i> shame, as a Chapter. You know <i>my</i> shame, as a space marine of the Imperium. <i>I</i> have no more secrets!” He slammed a hand against his chest and his many purity seals. “I have been scoured, laid bare before the flames of war and burnt again and again. This penitence, that I have been sent forth on by my Chapter Master, was and is deserved. The lies, the machinations of xenos and traitors alike I have dealt with. But…<i>this</i>?” He swept his hand out. “How many of your brothers died on that ship? How many Angels of Vigilance?”<br/>
<br/>
His chest heaved with emotion, and it took a considerable amount of will to calm himself somewhat.<br/>
<br/>
“Why, N’mul? I called you all my brothers. After all we’ve been through, all we have fought against and survived? Why would you not simply…<i>tell</i> me?” He could not hide the pain in the question.<br/>
<br/>
N’mul and Calidus flinched.<br/>
<br/>
“We had to be sure,” N’mul eventually said, but his voice was dull and he did not look up. “There have been presumed sightings before. Incorrect interpretations of the Tome of Fire.”<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t care!” Aramus scoffed. “Hector is dead because he did not know what he faced. <i>I</i> could be dead,” he pointed at his weakened arm. “Because I did not know. Terminator armor can gird against almost anything, save – apparently – from such a field as cast by your Primarch’s workings. Hector did not have the agility or speed to move out of the way, because he did not know he needed it!”<br/>
<br/>
It was almost a physical blow, the words rocking the Salamander’s heads back.<br/>
<br/>
“We could have adjusted our tactics, tried to land somewhere else on the ship, altered wargear loadouts. But we did not, because we didn’t know,” Aramus growled. “There are casualties in war, there always will be, but you will have to forgive me for the fact that we were able to preserve <i>Salamanders</i> for so long, when I could not for my own battle brothers, only to start losing them <i>precipitously </i>the moment we became involved in this hunt!” His bitterness was so acrid it nearly burnt the air itself.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, Aramus fell silent.<br/>
<br/>
“…so what do we do now, Aramus?” N’mul whispered.<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t know, Salamander,” Aramus said coldly, foregoing any of the more familiar terms. “Aside from finishing this hunt. Which may very well be the last thing we do with you on my ship. Now. If you will excuse me, Kogal dearly wishes to see just how badly I may have harmed myself through ignorance.”<br/>
<br/>
It was not a direct dismissal, but it didn’t need to be to get the two Salamanders to leave the chamber. In the days that followed, retreating to the nearest Forge World for repairs, there was much cooling in the previously warm relations between the two Chapters. For the first time since they had first arrived, the Salamanders felt almost unwelcome on the <i>Retribution</i> which had housed them for decades. The Blood Ravens, so few in number upon their own ship, became almost as recluses. Wounds were seen to, maintenance of wargear was seen to, and tallies were made of both material and physical losses. Aramus spent much of his time in the ship’s Apothecarium, his left arm up to halfway past the elbow suffering from near fatal nutrient loss, decayed and nearly dead from what tests proved was near a century of rapid entropic abuse. If he had not removed his arm so swiftly, Kogal declared, he would have lost the arm entirely. As it was, it would take possibly weeks of treatment to return to form, time they would not necessarily have.<br/>
<br/>
Over Kantrael less than a week later, the folly of rushing in so unprepared and blinded by fury were made manifest. Of the collected Angels of Vigilance fleet, every ship had suffered damage. The escorts for their entire Chapter had been blown to pieces by so many opposing forces, even when just taking minor attacks of opportunity. The speed and deadliness of the new Dark Eldar fleet had shown, managing to destroy other ships even as they tried to flee. The Angels of Vigilance were not immune to this, and the venerable battle barge <i>Shield of Pervigilium</i> had been cored and cut to pieces by powerful Dark Eldar weaponry. They had but one battle barge, and two strike cruisers, left now. A significant force, compared to the lonesome <i>Retribution</i>, but the Kabal had shown definitively that it possessed strength far in excess of what any of them had wished to believe. They were no mere raiders, picking and cutting in thousands and hundreds without warning. The Exquisite Blade were capable of outright planetary invasions, and their fleet had displayed this in violent excess.<br/>
<br/>
“So. We are now all agreed, yes?” Aramus grunted, glancing at N’mul and Menon. “We know now how powerful a force that Endross can bring to bear. He willingly sacrificed over half of a powerful enough fleet to draw in his various pursuers into a trap. We <i>must</i> proceed more cautiously.”<br/>
<br/>
Menon, now the last of the Captains of the further depleted Angels of Vigilance, struggled to nod. The fury of his chapter was as bright as ever, but their numbers were even fewer after the debacle of their last battle. Worse, the <i>Shield of Pervigilium</i> had carried the majority of their remaining gene-seed, the stores on their now lost homeworld stolen and likely utilized for horrific purpose by the Dark Eldar. N’mul, for his part, seemed to have settled somewhat from the reckless heated fury that had driven him and his Salamanders almost berserk when chasing after the Song of Entropy. All of the Salamander had, for which Aramus was dearly thankful. The veteran sergeant nodded swiftly and simply, saying nothing.<br/>
<br/>
“We don’t know precisely where he is going next. But Endross cannot remain in the Cadian Sector any longer, not with us reporting on his whereabouts and activities to Sector Command,” Aramus continued. “Not if he wishes to keep up with his ‘quota’, whatever monstrous number that might end up being.”<br/>
<br/>
“His forces outnumber us greatly. Too greatly to try and meet in open battle without ensuring our own deaths,” Menon ground out. “How can we catch and kill a quarry that outmatches us?”<br/>
<br/>
“He doesn’t outmatch us,” Aramus made a cutting motion through the air. “Not truly. He simply has too many bodies and ships to prevent us from reaching him successfully. The moment the struggle against him grows to be too much, he falls back upon the Song. Remember that. As it is, the Librarians of our three Chapters have conferred, and they believe through the Emperor’s Tarot that he will head to a place of such madness that even we could not follow.”<br/>
<br/>
“Not the Eye, surely,” N’mul pulled his head back.<br/>
<br/>
“No,” Menon shook his head, eyes unblinking. “The Agrippina Sector.”<br/>
<br/>
“Correct,” Aramus nodded. “Every major star system outside of Agrippina proper has been lost to Chaos forces. Everything else is anarchy, whole populations of worlds given over to Chaos or more mundane madness, the majority of the Great Enemy’s strength focused on actual hard targets now – they don’t have the numbers to spare for garrisons.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hive Worlds. Agri-Worlds. Without protectors or abusers, just the masses themselves,” N’mul whispered, eyes wide with horror. “They will be swept through like grain crops before a hurricane.”<br/>
<br/>
Finally, however, Aramus grinned. It was a grim, dark thing, but a smile all the same.<br/>
<br/>
“As ever, the alien underestimates humanity.”<br/>
<br/>
Both marines looked at him with tilted heads and slightly opened mouths.<br/>
<br/>
“We just received a communication from Sector Command. The Phalanx is holding position over Cadia itself. But massive portions of the reinforcement fleet from Terra are assembling not just to aid in the defense of the rest of the Cadian Sector, but to reclaim all of Agrippina – or at least enough to keep safe the vital supply lines between the two Sectors.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus straightened, feeling that kindled flame in his heart growing stronger not just within himself but in the hearts of the other two as well.<br/>
<br/>
“And we shall be joining them.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================================​</div><br/>
They came together with the rest of the Imperial fleet, battleships and cruisers and escorts aplenty, over the world of Exeltra Minor. The Agri-World was non-functional, at this point, but it served as a staging ground nonetheless. Though the fight between the Night Lords and Relictors Chapter had been decades ago, a passing battlegroup of Chaos ships had decided to casually burn much of the planet with their weapons while waiting for new orders. As such, what had once been a planet filled with plants meant to be processed into nutrient blocks was now a mostly blackened orb that hung in the void with a stripped atmosphere. In truth, the presence of a number of other Chapters made it so that by the time the meager fleet of the Angels of Vigilance and the <i>Retribution</i> reached them they were more of a foot note.<br/>
<br/>
Or so they had thought.<br/>
<br/>
“Commander?” The serf’s voice was strained. “We…we have a boarding order.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus paused and looked way from the actuality sphere.<br/>
<br/>
“Boarding…<i>order</i>? Not a request?”<br/>
<br/>
“Commander,” the serf coughed. “They are identifying as the Adeptus Custodes. The cogitators have automatically verified their authenticity. The…the machine spirits are already preparing bay 9A.”<br/>
<br/>
A pin could have dropped across the entire strategium.<br/>
<br/>
“Accept the…the order,” Aramus said hoarsely before tapping into the shipwide vox. “Attention all hands. The…the Adeptus Custodes are coming to board the ship.”<br/>
<br/>
To try and describe the frantic activity that took place across the ship would be impossible. To say that servo skulls were released in their totality to begin cleansing and scrubbing procedures would not truly encapsulate what the cloud of white floating probes looked like flooding the hallways. Serfs scrubbed and cleaned armors, the docking bays were swept through, and all and sundry on the ship began attempting to prepare their finest wargear. Within an hour, those that could filled into the docking bay where the incoming ship. It was not, in fact, a Thunderhawk. Rather, the aurumite and gold gleamed upon a Stormbird, one of the legendary transports utilized throughout the Great Crusade that had become as myth in the current era. All of the Blood Ravens, the Salamander leadership, as well as those of the Angels of Vigilance, the two Magos and the Palantine with her Celestian Squad had formed up. Despite everything, they were a remarkably powerful force, wielding advanced and deadly wargear, that had seen some of the worst the galaxy had to offer throughout the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade.<br/>
<br/>
They, universally, felt as fumbling primitive children when the Adeptus Custodes emerged from the Stormbird. With crackling guardian spears by some, an unknown sort of bolt weapon held by others, all draped in individualized auramite power armor, the least of which made the greatest ceramite masterpieces worn by those present seem lesser, the Custodes marched in two-by-two out of the Stormbird. Aramus could barely bring himself to breathe, something that seemed to be true across all the others throughout the docking bay. The Sisters of Battle looked close to passing out entirely, if he didn’t miss how they were purposefully locking the legs of their power armor to keep themselves standing. Finally, the Shield-Captain emerged, conical helm and mask expressionless at the very end. Escorted by none, and likely needing none, he stalked forwards with the rest of the Custodes bracketing him on both sides, facing outwards in something a second away from assuming deadly defensive posture.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus, along with all of the others, fell to their knees in kneeling positions well before the Custodes reached them.<br/>
<br/>
The greatest of sorceries, the most powerful of alien trickery, could not possibly – Aramus hoped – ever come close to matching the true presence and power of the Adeptus Custodes. It was a pressure, a weight, that seemed to fall upon them all in unison from physical closeness and gaze alone. They were utterly breathless now, waiting for the first word. The Custodes had not spoken a single word other than silent informing them of their approach.<br/>
<br/>
“Where is the Blood Raven known as Thaddeus?” The voice was deep and rich and…tinged with something that sounded like but could not possibly be annoyance.<br/>
<br/>
All felt frozen as the Custodes looked left and right.<br/>
<br/>
“You,” he pointed, correctly as it turned out, directly at Thaddeus as he knelt. “Yes. Your face matches the recordings.”<br/>
<br/>
“My lord, I-,”<br/>
<br/>
“We would see the armor that you claim to possess,” the Shield-Captain interrupted. “The armor that you claim was once worn by one of the 10,000.”<br/>
<br/>
The blood could not have drained out of Thaddeus’ face faster than if a Dark Eldar Haemonculus had forced it from him with machines. He had chosen to wear a plain and unadorned set of power armor, bereft of any accolades lest they had made him look to be trying to be more self-important. Or so Thaddeus had told Aramus.<br/>
<br/>
“O-of course, my lord.”<br/>
<br/>
“You,” Aramus jumped as the Custodes looked to him next. “And you, the Tech-Marine. You shall accompany us to the armory.”<br/>
<br/>
In the end, there was nothing they could do but accede to the Custodes commands. In total silence, the Shield-Captain following along behind them, the three Blood Ravens moved to the armory where Thaddeus stored his wargear. There, held in pride of place in the center of the secondary armory, lay the wargear which the Chapter’s records denoted as having been worn on the battle of the Vengeful Spirit that saw Sanguinius dead and the Emperor laid low. It had, through all they had been through, seemed near inviolable. All maintenance required had been performed, but it had never seemed to take harm in the manner as other equipment, even terminator armor. Nearby lay the other two weapons the records claimed were of Custodes origin, as it never seemed right to take them too far from one another when in storage.<br/>
<br/>
Looking at them now, however, Aramus felt something quietly despair in his mind.<br/>
<br/>
“…Hmph,” the Shield-Captain said after a moment, reaching forward to place a hand against the armor.<br/>
<br/>
The look on Thaddeus face equaled his own. Sarrelen’s was concealed by his helmet, but his mechadendrites were limp in his servo-harness. Aramus knew why, as well. He felt it himself. That yawning abyss which had just opened up in front of them. Caught up in the ecstasy of the Adeptus Custodes choosing their ship to walk upon, to speak to them, and they had not realized the implications.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes. It is you, isn’t it,” the Shield-Captain said quietly, leaning forward until their head lightly rested against the chest.<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, they turned and placed their hands now upon the bolter and flamer. Both of incredibly archaic but undeniably potent design. Weapons that Thaddeus had rarely ever used, favoring close melee combat as he did. Aramus, Sarrelen, all of the Blood Ravens and Salamanders alike had dared not wield them in excess either. The armor had been one thing, a matter of protection and survival, but Thaddeus did not wear it often after the Bloody Hill. Out of respect, and reverence.<br/>
<br/>
“I would see the records,” the Shield-Captain eventually said. “Of when the Blood Ravens supposedly…acquired these items. And how.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus cleared his throat.<br/>
<br/>
“The records are incomplete, lord Custodes, but-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Aristos,” the Shield-Captain said. “You may call me Aristos. It is one of my names, but the sole one you shall have of me. As for your records…I shall peruse them with my own eyes.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus bowed at the waist, again crushed beneath the authority in those words.<br/>
<br/>
“At once.”<br/>
<br/>
Then they were on the move again, only to startle momentarily at the presence of two more Custodes that had apparently followed them without them noticing, now taking up guard positions in front of the armory. Straight to the main cogitator bank, with Sarrelen swiftly granting complete and total access to the Custodes. A remote link opened up immediately, the source obscured but firmly identified as belonging to the Custodes elsewhere to the fleet, one not to be closed off or touched.<br/>
<br/>
“Mmm. More complete than I was expecting, given the faltering of your Chapter.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus grit his teeth and looked away, shame burning in his face.<br/>
<br/>
“We…were sent on our Penitent Crusade before the Chapter’s Civil War,” he replied. “Our ship’s records suffered no damage from the fighting.”<br/>
<br/>
“And yet,” Aristos turned so swiftly that Aramus nearly missed it until his face was but a few inches away. “Your records do not tell us of your Primarch. It begins quite abruptly, in fact.”<br/>
<br/>
Though the Shield-Captain had not adjusted his posture, potential violence flooded the entire strategium in a manner that Aramus had previously only believed vile alien technologies or powerful psykers might manage.<br/>
<br/>
“That…is the shame of the Blood Ravens, yes,” Aramus said quietly, looking down.<br/>
<br/>
“So many supposed exchanges. Yet the three items which matter most, are given almost nothing on their acquisition or retrievals. Only a long, long list of battles fought in, glories won. A number under the orders of your previous Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
“Azariah Kyras was a traitor and a madman, but we ended him, and all of the other traitors in our Chapter!” Aramus did not know why he spoke so frantically, save that instinct compelled him to.<br/>
<br/>
The Custodes was silent for a moment, but it felt as if lascannons were raking across Aramus where that gaze tracked across his body. A brimming and almost otherworldly fury had suffused the Custodes in that instant, though his body language and armor showed it not, to the point that Aramus could almost smell it.<br/>
<br/>
A single inhale through the nose.<br/>
<br/>
“I believe you.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus did not quite slump in his armor in relief, but it was a close thing.<br/>
<br/>
“It is to be expected. Every son a disappointment or failure in some way or another,” Aristos shook his head slowly. “And the sons of those sons, and so on and so on,” he grunted.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Raven did not dare reply, the indignance that should have welled up in him nonexistent. For the Custodes had witnessed it all, he knew. From before the beginning of the Great Crusade, to afterwards. The whole of the Great Crusade, and all that had come afterwards. The weary bitterness with which Aristos spoke crystallized in Aramus’ mind. How many tens of thousands of space marines had they watched over ten thousand years fall to Chaos, or falter in an infinity of other ways? They, who guarded the Golden Throne, who could not help but watch as it happened again and again. In that moment, Aramus felt more shame than he ever had before in his entire life, even when sent on Penitent Crusade, at the utter disappointment that the whole of the Adeptus Astartes must seem to the Adeptus Custodes. It burned at him so painfully that he might well have vaporized in his armor, leaving nothing behind but ash.<br/>
<br/>
“My judgement is thus: The Blood Ravens did not deliberately steal or rob of the dead,” Aristos continued. “But your continued possession, rather than returning these honored arms to Terra, is not nearly so forgivable.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus could not do anything but nod. Behind him, Thaddeus and Sarrelen stiffened slightly in their armor.<br/>
<br/>
“Lord Aristos, please. I was the one to wear the armor, I-,” Thaddeus pleaded before Aristos held a finger up, which proved more than enough to silence him.<br/>
<br/>
“Your deeds are minor legends across the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade, Aramus of the Blood Ravens. Fighting alongside the Great Wolf himself. The Battle of the Bloody Hill, though rumor and speculation abound about it. Stopping the Green Kroosade and being crucial to the reclamation of Mordax Prime. Killer of champions, defender of the Imperium,” Aristos drawled, each deed somehow reduced in magnitude and importance simply by passing through his lips. “By the inkling of the Inquisition, by your association with the Salamanders and Adeptas Sororitas, you are judged pure enough by others.”<br/>
<br/>
But not, necessarily, by the Custodes, it went unsaid.<br/>
<br/>
“If you must kill me, kill me, but leave the rest of my brothers, please,” Aramus inhaled deeply, holding himself at attention. “It was my responsibility.”<br/>
<br/>
“It was the responsibility of your Chapter to return this wargear to its proper owners immediately, rather than parade around in it as if you had ever done anything to deserve them!” Aristos shot back, his yell a sickle that cut through the rest of the barely existent chatter on the strategium. “Every <i>second</i> that it remained in your Chapter’s armories is a near blasphemy against the whole of the Adeptus Custodes and the Emperor!”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus rocked back on his heels from those words, but Thaddeus was the one who fell to his knees.<br/>
<br/>
“Lord Aristos. <i>Please</i>-,”<br/>
<br/>
“It was your commander’s decision to not deliver it unto the Custodes. And his commander’s decisions. And so on, stretching back not just through your time under the so-called leadership of Azariah Kyras, but the Chapter Masters and Chief Librarians before them,” Aristos seethed.<br/>
<br/>
Then, suddenly, he stopped.<br/>
<br/>
“There is no point in demanding that your Chapter give us their necks,” Aristos said, voice suddenly filled with bone-deep exhaustion. “It would merely be hundreds of corpses that would not be pointed – for a time at least before inevitably failing <i>again</i> – at the enemies of the Emperor. At a crucial time such as this, upon the crux, with Abbadon’s strength waxing despite all efforts to the contrary.”<br/>
<br/>
A shaky breath came from Thaddeus, and he did not rise from where he’d fallen to his knees.<br/>
<br/>
“<i>This</i> shall remain in your records for eternity. And in ours, in case your records end up…<i>damaged</i>,” Aristos moved to the cogitators, entering new data. “A black mark upon your Chapter, for hoarding like greedy children that which you did not deserve. All the Custodes shall know of you for your blasphemy.”<br/>
<br/>
Shame burned the souls of all who heard him speak.<br/>
<br/>
“We shall reclaim that which is ours. None shall spend a moment more in your hands,” he continued on, voice as hard as adamantium. “I could demand that all of you Blood Ravens present your necks, but…,” he sighed, releasing that ancient exhaustion into the air once more. “There wouldn’t be a point.”<br/>
<br/>
The Custodes shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“Another Chapter would simply rise up and disappoint us in your wake. Such are the failures of the Primarchs,” he sneered, seemingly coming close to spitting if he were not still wearing his helmet.<br/>
<br/>
There was a beat before Aramus spoke again, steeling himself to look the Custodes in the eyes once again.<br/>
<br/>
“Then…what shall happen to us?”<br/>
<br/>
Aristos scoffed.<br/>
<br/>
“The Ten Thousand shall know and scorn your entire Chapter. Do you <i>wish</i> to lay your neck before my blade?”<br/>
<br/>
When he was but a sergeant, he had been struck by a moment of crystallized realization during the Hadrian Campaign. After viewing the tactical maps, listening to reports and recon, he had seen the single thread which led him behind enemy lines and to the supermassive artillery emplacement which had stymied the entire campaign. It had happened again in the first and second Aurelian Crusades. It had led him across the whole of the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade. Information collected, analyzed, and stored with conclusions drawn from them. Amidst the burning shame of what had been done, what had been said, that moment of realization appeared once more. It took everything Aramus had not to react outwardly.<br/>
<br/>
It was an out.<br/>
<br/>
A mercy couched in thousands of years of weariness and disappointment, in exhaustion and frustration.<br/>
<br/>
For in truth, had the Adeptus Custodes demanded the Blood Ravens punished punitively and fully for their transgressions, theirs, and their past brothers, then no force in the Imperium would have granted them succor. Not even the Emperor himself. Aramus knew for a fact that it was entirely possible that most of the Chapter would simply kneel and present themselves to the Custodes for execution. How could they not? Even now, some part of him strained to do exactly that. Thaddeus had gone even further, falling to his knees, pride and worth torn from them in less than half an hour since the Custodes arrival.<br/>
<br/>
“No, Lord Aristos. I can only swear to work until my dying breath to try and expunge this shame.”<br/>
<br/>
“You will die failing to do so,” Aristos said coolly. “But that you will at least strive to be better than you are is somewhat commendable. Perhaps you might prove something of worth in the reclaiming of the Agrippina Sector.”<br/>
<br/>
It happened in a split second. Before Aramus and Thaddeus could even begin to think of looking at one another, the Shield-Captain seemed to sharpen while standing still. How he realized it, Aramus would never know.<br/>
<br/>
“You are not here to fight in the reclamation,” Aristos declared. “Astonishing. You’ve managed to disappoint even faster than I thought was possible.”<br/>
<br/>
“We are,” Aramus said quickly. “We are, but there is more to it as well.”<br/>
<br/>
Aristos thumped the butt of his guardian spear.<br/>
<br/>
“Speak, Blood Raven.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus inhaled deeply. There was no possibility hesitation.<br/>
<br/>
“A short time ago, the Imperial world of Pervigilium was rendered barren of human life…” he began.<br/>
<br/>
Throughout it all, the Shield-Captain did not shift. He did not even appear to breathe. But, neither did he interrupt.<br/>
<br/>
“The Emperor’s Tarot, as best our foresight can tell, the signs point to him descending to a den of madness as it is scoured clean by light,” Aramus said. “We believe it to be Agrippina. More than a hundred million human souls have been lost to the Exquisite Blade, and their possession of the Song of Entropy is an insult besides. We aim to journey into Agrippina, and hunt down the Exquisite Blade as well as battle the forces of Chaos. This, I swear to you, is the truth.”<br/>
<br/>
Aristos was silent.<br/>
<br/>
“It is not the worst excuse I have ever heard for lying about one’s purposes.”<br/>
<br/>
“Lord Aristos-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Enough,” the Shield-Captain raised a hand, silencing Aramus. “I have had enough of this ship, this Chapter. We are done here.”<br/>
<br/>
Abrupt and coarse as their arrival was, the departure of the Adeptus Custodes was even worse. The serfs wept out of sight, not knowing they could still be heard. The Sisters of Battle whispered amongst themselves as they looked on. The Tech-Priests glanced at one another and returned to their own cadres. The Salamanders, sons of Vulkan, of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Founding, were not spoken to by the Custodes at all. In the end, the ancient stormbird lifted off and flew back out of the <i>Retribution</i>, leaving those on the strike cruiser shellshocked, shamefaced, and staggering back to their quarters. The Blood Ravens, one and all, felt as if they had been flayed open and scraped with a sharp blade on the innards of their minds, bodies, and souls. Thaddeus more than any, however, for it was he who had worn the golden armor even once, now knowing that once was too many.<br/>
<br/>
The cloud of despair which had sprung upon them all in the departure of the shining light of the angered Custodes seemed to cling to the very walls. It would take much to banish. As such the next arrivals, only a day later as the last of the Imperial strike force finished assembling over the ruins of Exeltra Minor, proved even more shocking.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================================​</div><br/>
Fist slammed on chests in resounding salute from every member of the Salamanders 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
“Hail, Chapter Master Tu’Shan!” The call echoed out from every throat.<br/>
<br/>
Now it was the Blood Ravens who stood off to the side, the Salamanders taking the forefront. The trio of thunderhawks that had landed in the <i>Retributions</i> docking bay had released their full compliments. It was impossible to mistake the legendary Firedrakes for any other Salamander Company. Behind them, hanging in the void at a distance that could prove dangerously close if they had any cause for conflict, close enough for Aramus to see through the void shields, was a tremendous fleet of vessels. Battle barges and strike cruisers blotted out the stars visible from within the bay, escort ships flitting this way and that as well. N’mul bowed his head as the Chapter Master of the Salamanders approached, his mighty honor guard flanking him and the Forgefather just behind him and to the right. Their mighty and legendary wargear gleamed under the lights of the docking bay.<br/>
<br/>
“N’mul,” the Chapter Master said, voice warm through his helmet. “It has been too long.”<br/>
<br/>
“I am honored by your presence,” N’mul bowed further.<br/>
<br/>
“If what you have found is true, if you have truly found the Song of Entropy,” Tu’Shan shook his head, “Then it is we who are honored by you.” The Chapter Master then turned to the Blood Ravens. “And these, then, must be the Blood Ravens who have fought by your side for all these years.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus saluted, feeling the weight and power of the Chapter Master of a 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Founding Chapter fall upon him.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Tu’Shan, you honor us with your presence. I am Force Commander Aramus, of the Blood Ravens. With me are Sergeant Thaddeus, Scout Nereus, Apothecary Kogal, and Tech-Marine Sarrelen. Our sixth brother is, unfortunately, interred within a dreadnought and currently slumbers.”<br/>
<br/>
Tu’Shan shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“The honored dead should be allowed to rest. Fear not, young Blood Raven. N’mul reports you a trustworthy ally and friend, and I intend to believe his words until you should prove otherwise,” the elder Salamander nodded, clapping him on the pauldron. “Your deeds elsewhere in the Black Crusade have proven you are stalwart and trustworthy enough, I should think. Still,” he slipped his hand off and looked upon them all. “I know that this began as a hunt for justice, for the deaths of all of Pervigilium’s citizens and for those of the Angels of Vigilance. And know this, then,” Tu’Shan straightened further, his helmet’s lenses almost glowing with some inner light. “The Archon Endross and his Exquisite Blade shall die for their crimes. The Angels of Vigilance <i>will</i> have their vengeance before this is done. And the Song of Entropy shall return to the Sons of Vulkan.”<br/>
<br/>
Less than a day later, the orders came through.<br/>
<br/>
The task force was moving into Agrippina.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================​</div><br/>
The first re-encounter with the Exquisite Blade was at accursed Lelithar. The world that had held host to the so-called Voice of the Emperor, which had broken out in rebellion following the false prophet. In the decades since the total loss of Imperial control over the system, it had only grown worse. Hundreds of millions of humans driven to madness. Many of them fell to worship of Chaos, others following false conceptions and visions of the Emperor that would have seen even the mildest of priests burning them for heresy. The lattermost were left alive for sport, for sacrifices, by the forces of Chaos who reigned over the world. The void above was heavily fortified, for the planet marked one of the most stable warp lanes leading between the two sectors. For the forces of Chaos, who desired to claim all of Agrippina, all of Cadia, and all of the galaxy for themselves, keeping said route secured was within their best interests. As such, when the Imperial fleet appeared on the edges of the system, it was to watch the forces of the Iron Warriors and the Black Legion battling back against the fleet of the Exquisite Blade. Already, dozens of fast-moving alien transports were quite liberally scooping up whole chunks of the human populace below. Worshippers of Chaos or madmen they might have been, but that the aliens would benefit from their capture was unacceptable.<br/>
<br/>
As one, the Angels of Vigilance, the <i>Retribution</i>, and the assembled Chapter Fleet of the Salamanders advanced. With them, though pursuing different targets, were detachments of other Chapters. Several of them were Imperial Fist Successors, but others were of more distant origins. The actuality sphere was as busy as it had ever been, even over Cadia in the initial days, that left Aramus having to work to take in all of the data streams and interpret them all. Behind astartes ships flying into close range, dozens of cruisers fired lance arrays at long range, supported by nova cannon blasts and salvoes shot from numerous battleships.<br/>
<br/>
To the howls of fury of many, however, the Exquisite Blade utilized their superior speed and maneuverability to simply withdraw steadily as the planet rotated, enslaving, and capturing all the while, until the forces of Chaos were a bulwark to the Imperium’s ships. An advance could not be made without either sustaining critical damage from Chaos ships and planetary defenses or stopping to remove such things in the first place. By the time that the latter could be done, however, the Exquisite Blade ships had escaped the system, though they had left a smattering of cruisers in broken pieces by the end of it. Meanwhile, landings had to be done on the planet below, to shatter the bastions there and take on the millions of Chaos worshippers that had been born into their faith, knowing only hatred for those who had come to ‘liberate’ them. Another week would pass before pacifications enough could be performed that the fleet would move on. Legends such as the Chapter Master of the Salamanders, and of course the Custodes, distinguished themselves above every other group.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================​</div><br/>
Yayor, once an Agri-World that was a major contributor to the entire Sector and beyond, had been malformed by the touch of Chaos after too long. Not unto the point of being a Daemon World, but it was certainly on its way to such things. The crops now walked, and hungered for blood and gristle to feed themselves. The groves screamed, every fruit an explosive sphere that erupted in toxic smoke and fire. Of those unfortunates who had survived the initial battles there, who had at one point been saved by the Dark Angels and Space Wolves before they were taken under the yoke of Chaos once again, the decades had not been kind. No longer were they the tenders of life, they were the prey. The tribes that had formed in the aftermath of the two apocalypses that had fallen on them painted themselves in the sigils of Chaos out of fear, in hopes of protection. It didn’t work, in truth, neither against the malevolent landscape or from the Dark Eldar.<br/>
<br/>
Again, the forces of Chaos had fortified the system’s void, preparing for the inevitable day that the forces of the Imperium would attempt to reclaim what had once been theirs. Again, they battled the Dark Eldar. Again, the Imperial fleet fought both head on. What was different from before, however, was the appearance of a large fleet of orks, seemingly chasing rumors either of whatever it was that Endross carried, or more likely simply chasing the next satisfactory battle.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, another world burned in the fires of war, hundreds of thousands dying as ships were torn apart in the void. Boarding was done, boarding was countered, and over the course of a single day Aramus stepped foot on the decks of two separate ork ships, three Chaos ships, and one more Dark Eldar ship. It was then, embattled on all sides, that Aramus of the Blood Ravens fought alongside the Firedrakes and elements of other companies of the Salamanders upon the flagship. To speak of that battle would be to tell of blinding firestorms of weapons fire, and of reaching the bridge. Again, Endross was confronted, and yet again, Endross escaped – this time by sacrificing a host of hundreds of horribly powerful grotesques to bar the hunters from their quarry. It was one thing to face grotesques. It was another to face those that had been crafted by the Exquisite Blade’s haemonculus contacts.<br/>
<br/>
For these were grotesques that bore the remnants of power armor, and purposefully crude brands and carvings which marked them out as once being true Angels of Vigilance. Bolt pistols had been surgically implanted into their chests and shoulders, and chainswords, power swords, and combat knives were attached across their limbs. Litanies of cowardice and pain had been etched with acid into their hides and exposed bone, an extended joke and barb by the Dark Eldar for the space marines to find once they had killed the wailing wretches. It was a battle of horrors, of desecration, of beings that outright demanded extermination for their crime of existence. Here, the Angels of Vigilance, Salamanders, and Blood Ravens were joined in battle by none other than the Custodes, if only for a short amount of time. The small host was ceaseless in their movements, seemingly inviolable as they moved from ship to ship, from battlefield to battlefield.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
Strategists on both sides knew the truth – the battle for the sector came down to none other than the Agrippina system itself. The forces of Chaos throughout the whole of the sector realized that they must break the lynchpin of Imperial efforts once and for all – to take the system now was to shatter the purpose and effort of the Imperium in the sector, to remove a blemish and defiant spot that had remained since the beginning. To lose would be to allow the Imperium to gain all the momentum required to overwhelm the rest of the Sector in the name of the Corpse-Emperor, especially with the newly retaken warp route back into the Cadian Sector. For years, the fleets of Chaos had successfully resisted Imperial probes from without, but with supply lines stretched as thin as they were they could not withstand a fight from within as well. For the part of the Imperium, they knew as well that victory could bring a wave of success, whilst failure could end up causing knock on effects from Cadia to Terra considering how much of Battlefleet Solar had contributed to the fight going on in Obscurus.<br/>
<br/>
For the Dark Eldar, the hunters had become so glutted with prey that they could not see that two separate predators were closing in on both sides. A breakout attempt was possible, but not attempted. In the end, Aramus could only posit it was down to the inhuman and inexhaustible pride and arrogance of the Dark Eldar. Their ships could slip away into the Webway, surely, if ever the danger became too great for them all to handle. There yet remained more prey they could take, just one more, for the aliens were forever in need of more souls to drink from to remain alive. It was a supposition supported by the Librarium’s records of past encounters with the Eldar, one concurred by the Salamanders and their own lengthy years encountering Eldar here and there. Personal experience against fighting Eldar had proven to Aramus that it seemed as if each and every one of them, whether Craftworld-loyal or otherwise, actively denied the possibility of a 'mon'keigh' killing them right up until it actually happened.<br/>
<br/>
In any case, what followed shortly afterwards, in what historians would term the Third Battle for Agrippina of the 13th Black Crusade, was a battle in the void of simply epic proportions, featuring the third highest amount of ships for both Imperium and Chaos fleets featured within a single star system in the enterity of the length of the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade up to that point. The second most had been over Mordax Prime, when the massive fleet of the Green Kroosade met with the combined fleets of multiple nearby Forge Worlds, and the first was in the Cadian System itself. Battleships long thought lost or destroyed revealed themselves flying the banner of Chaos. Grand Cruisers and battlecruisers filled the void, joined by whole squadrons of cruisers and escorts of numerous types. Macrocannon ammo expenditure cost the tithes of whole Mining Worlds elsewhere in the Imperium to replace. Lance arrays nearly burnt out from the sheer amount of targets. There was no retreat. There was no surrender.<br/>
<br/>
Millions died in the course of a handful of days, as ships that had existed for hundreds of years on both sides suffered from total war in the void.<br/>
<br/>
The casualties on the ground were worse.<br/>
<br/>
Chaos invaded with its madmen, its traitorous guardsmen, its militias and citizens who had been raised within the territories of Chaos and granted accursed arms to bear. They faced the hardened PDF and isolated regiments of the Imperial Guard, as well as the legions of skitarii and warrior tech-priests of Agrippina. Daemons swarmed temples, where priests and Sisters of Battle fought them with faith and fire. Continents were set ablaze by the fighting. And yet, through it all, the Dark Eldar flitted here and there, garbled reports and sudden silences in parts of the battlezone marking their presence. Then there were the reports of orks, because of course the greenskins would arrive at a time of highest inconvenience for everyone else. But so too were there reports of mysterious metallic figures scouring their way through the battlefields here and there, disappearing and reappearing at random leaving utter destruction behind.<br/>
<br/>
On the Hive World of Narsine, a planet overpopulated even by the extensive standards of its categorization, the hunters found their prey, the Dark Eldar flitting this way and that to avoid the fighting between Imperials and traitors. The bloodshed was thick enough for the enemy to begin summoning daemons in great number, and a tide of bloodletters and juggernauts began to emerge within the rivers of blood spilled by the unwashed masses being slaughtered in the streets.<br/>
<br/>
It was there, on Narsine, that once again, three Chapters presented themselves, and there they won glory for their deeds.<br/>
<br/>
Of smashing through an artillery emplacement filled with basilisks and daemon-engines alike, saving the advance of three separate Imperial Guard regiments. Chapter Master Tu’Shan personally brought down a truly monstrous Forgefiend daemon-engine in a single blow, an act of pure strength and skill that few could boast to have accomplished.<br/>
<br/>
Of facing down an enormous warband of the Black Legion, with Aramus facing the Chaos Lord leading them in a duel whilst the rest of their force fought their equal in number in Chaos Space Marines supplemented further with daemons and traitorous guardsmen wielding heavy weapons.<br/>
<br/>
Of advancing on the Dark Eldar with such speed that they could not spread their terrofex gasses over an entire hive, preventing hundreds of millions of being so touched with fear and horror that the Dark Eldar could drink of them from afar.<br/>
<br/>
Moments of heroism that were, in the end, only some of many.<br/>
<br/>
But they were theirs, at least.<br/>
<br/>
It was on the highest spire of Narsine, the palace of the Planetary Governor, that Chapter Master Tu’Shan, Commander Aramus, and Captain Menon saved the life of the governor and his family from the Dark Eldar who had wished to take them as prizes. Recordings from numerous cameras secreted throughout the palace by the paranoid governor – ever wary of infiltrators from the forces of Chaos or others – provided footage from a hundred angles as the one known as Endross of the Exquisite Blade was confronted once more, along with several more grotesques, and true elites of the Incubi and Wych Cults of Comorragh.<br/>
<br/>
A blow from <i>Sunderhammer</i> had chipped and broken part of the mask that the Archon wore, revealing a withered and black-veined <i>thing</i> which barely seemed to look akin to the seemingly ageless Craftworld Eldar. There was no smile, no smirk, only alien fury on the Archon’s face. Was, Aramus was heard to ask, the ‘game’ still proving as fun with the aliens on the backfoot for once? The Archon’s reply was to cast forth a red energy field which spilled from the staff he bore, but the space marines were faster, jump packs activating with his gesture and remaining nanoseconds away from being struck by the light. It lasted, just long enough, for a sniper round from somewhere that the cameras did not see to strike the Archon in wrist, severing the hand wielding the staff entirely. At which point the rest of the assembled space marines and aliens all charged for the device as one.<br/>
<br/>
The result of that clash ended with the Archon escaping, clutching the staff in his remaining hand, but almost all who had followed him dead.<br/>
<br/>
And the hunters would follow.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================================​</div><br/>
It ended on the world of Aurent, the whole of the Agrippina System on fire, fleets and squadrons of ships wheeling about and firing upon one another in complete chaos. Every formation save for the gunline in the rear had broken down, as any ship not at the most extreme range possible was thrust into the fighting. It was not something intended or planned, and in fact went against the capabilities and usual methods of most of the ships involved, and yet it had devolved into such as the hours had gone on. To try and extract from that was to invite death. To try and pause and regroup was to die. Either side could be run over and crushed by whichever faltered first. As it was, no other sort of ship in the arsenal of the Imperium or in the patterns stored by the Adeptus Mechnicus were better suited for such punishing fighting than the ships of the space marines. Which was, in turn, known by the forces of Chaos. And so once again, space marine fought directly against space marine, while it seemed like the stars themselves around them burned.<br/>
<br/>
And there, over Aurent, powered by bloodshed and spite and stolen secrets by daemons, was a ritual cast. One of grand proportions, waves of foul Warp energies spilling throughout the Materium. But for once, while it drove many loyal sons and daughters of the Imperium mad, and caused minor warp tears from which daemons emerged on many ships with shattered void shields, that was not its intended purpose. Instead, an entire host of battered Dark Eldar ships was revealed over Aurent, having arrogantly trusted that their shadow fields were utterly inviolable to the efforts of idiotic blind mon’keigh.<br/>
<br/>
For though almost any on both sides would kill one for suggesting it, there were in fact some things that the Imperium and the Traitor Legions shared: a hatred for the xeno.<br/>
<br/>
And so it was that the Black Legion Sorcerer Zemerath the Twice-Annointed tore the veil of the Dark Eldar. For in his earliest days, so long ago, before the Long War had begun, he had witnessed too many battle brothers die during the Great Crusade from Eldar weapons, and so had hated them as fiercely as the Corpse-Emperor to that very day. The Dark Eldar ships, completely unprepared for being exposed so completely, had not formed any defensive posture whatsoever. The broadsides fired by Imperial and Chaos ships at will, shots of pure opportunity, were more than enough to shatter some of the alien vessels, blowing apart soul-tortured metal and crystalline matrix alloys. The world of Aurent itself, which had suffered Eldar assaults in the past to the point that the legendary and mourned Creed had seen to creating new defenses and planned tactics, fired its own defense lasers. Close enough to raid the populace below was more than close enough for the powerful anti-orbital emplacements.<br/>
<br/>
In an instant, from the spite of a sorcerer steeped in evil and atrocity, the Exquisite Blade was broken.<br/>
<br/>
But they were not yet defeated.<br/>
<br/>
The auspex tracked numerous transports fleeing to the planet below, even as their ships were destroyed. It was, at that point, mutually agreed that the tenacious Archon Endross would surely not have died in the initial bombardment. As such, the hunters followed their quarry down, their ships remaining above to hold cordon and provide what aid could be given. Already, the armies of the Imperium and those of Chaos clashed across the hive world, its defenses far more considerable than those with Narsine. The world was a shield for Agrippina itself, and thus a world that had to be broken before the lash of the Dark Gods, or one saved by the benediction of the Emperor. The coming days would tell which of the two would occur instead.<br/>
<br/>
For over a month did they hunt and chase, fighting the forces of Chaos all the while. On some days, they found scattered bands of Dark Eldar, fighting no longer for plunder, but for survival. Every time the combined force struck them, the aliens would lose that fight. On other days, it was all they could do to withstand the assaults of the forces of Chaos. The presence of the entire Salamanders Chapter upon the field was both threat and prize both to the servants of the Dark Gods, the prestige for ending them a prize enough to make almost any of such treacherous dogs to make the attempt. Daemon-engines. Champions. Assassins. Sorcerers. Hordes drawn by the whispers in their minds. All of these and more came upon the hunters as they sought out their prey. More than once, Endross himself was sighted, only for the Exquisite Blade to ambush their pursuers with double-backed and hidden troops, allowing the Archon to escape.<br/>
<br/>
Until, finally, the hunt ended.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================================​</div><br/>
In a collapsing hive, battered by Chaos artillery for days, the skull probes found them. Within a Guard base, its permacrete walls chipped and broken in multiple places, the remnants of the Exquisite Blade had slowly collected themselves from across the surface where they had initially scattered. It was an army. One that, battered and wearied as they might have been, was still one of the deadliest forces on the planet. Grotesques and wracks aplenty roamed back and forth. Warriors patrolled, as did skimmers of light and heavy varieties. Talos Pain Engines floated back and forth, exploding into violence at the nearest possible threat before returning to twitching silence. Dark lances sprouted from across the entire base, weapons built specifically to tear through the heaviest of armors. But all of that paled before the <i>thing</i> which stood at the center.<br/>
<br/>
Once, long ago, it might have been an elegant creation, a beautiful weaving of wraithbone and weaponry. Now, however, the Eldar Titan, for that was what it had to be, had been transformed by the workings of the Dark Eldar. Soul-tortured metal had been welded to its wraithbone frame, no doubt causing agony through the psychically sensitive material. Spikes and blades had been driven through its limbs in places, becoming defense and offense in one. Its weapons glowed, then dimmed, as if constantly being activated and reactivated. The whole of it, spindly and shaped like an Eldar in body with a completeness that Imperial Titans did not quite manage, twitched badly.<br/>
<br/>
By the words of the Librarians, it was akin to staring into the heart of a star, if a star was made of screams. It did not help that it was constantly speaking, each groaned and tortured word that escaped it causing pleasured shivers amongst the Dark Eldar.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Sister…sister I cannot hear you…you are so quiet…so quiet…please, sister, in the name of Asuryan, I can’t hear you! I’m sorry, please, speak to me…</b>,” the Titan’s voice rumbled through the air.<br/>
<br/>
It was, without a doubt, the grand trump card of the Kabal. A weapon fit to topple not just hives, but worlds. A single Titan was a weapon worth an army and in and of itself.<br/>
<br/>
“Sarrelen,” Aramus said calmly as he viewed the skull probe’s recording. “Is it ready?”<br/>
<br/>
The Tech-Marine paused.<br/>
<br/>
“It…has never been tested in the field.”<br/>
<br/>
“This may well be the time, then.”<br/>
<br/>
“What do you speak of, Aramus?” Tu’Shan had looked at him.<br/>
<br/>
“A project of Sarrelen’s. He started it near the very start of our Penitent Crusade.”<br/>
<br/>
All eyes now turned to the Tech-Marine, now, from three separate chapters, two separate orders of the Adeptus Mechanicus, and a Palantine of the Sisters of Battle. Only some of those present knew of what was being said.<br/>
<br/>
“It started with small scavenging. Parts, here and there,” Sarrelen cleared his throat. “Purifying rituals performed for each one, every time, consistently, every single day when I was not on the battlefield. With regular testing from the Epistolary when he could be awakened for it. But after Mordax Prime…I received considerably more potent aid from the Adeptus Mechanicus. But-,”<br/>
<br/>
“It is a Land Raider,” Aramus interrupted. “One painstakingly constructed over the decades, piece by piece, each one ritually blessed and purified. Your own Tech-Marines have aided us in this, Chapter Master, if you will forgive my impertinence.”<br/>
<br/>
“It is they who deigned not to speak to me of it,” Tu’Shan waved it off. “Something we shall <i>discuss</i> later. But for now, tell me Tech-Marine, what pattern is it?”<br/>
<br/>
Sarrelen did not fidget. Such a thing was impossible for a space marine.<br/>
<br/>
“It is a Terminus Ultra, Chapter Master,” he said softly. “It has been a personal project of mine. We possess anti-infantry weapons in excess, through our heavy bolters and assault cannons and storm bolters. But the Terminus Ultra would aid us in making up the difference on the field.”<br/>
<br/>
“Truly?” Tu’Shan took the revelation in stride, but then for such a Chapter as the Salamanders vehicles that were rare to the Blood Ravens were far more numerous. “That is an impressive feat, considering the circumstances.”<br/>
<br/>
“I am sure that the Salamanders possess many of their own vehicles,” Aramus demurred, “Land Raiders besides.”<br/>
<br/>
“We do, but deploying the Shadowswords and Fellblades is a lengthy procedure, waking and preparing their machine spirits more no easy task. Furthermore, I will not risk orbital fire into the hive, much of it remains inhabited by citizens of the Imperium. This Terminus Ultra, can it be deployed promptly?” Tu’Shan asked Sarrelen, his helmet doffed such that the pure crimson of his eyes could be seen directly.<br/>
<br/>
“I…yes, Chapter Master Tu’Shan. It can be,” Sarrelen said stiffly.<br/>
<br/>
“Then let us do so! The Song of Entropy must not remain in Endross’ possession for a second longer!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================​</div><br/>
“Sarrelen?”<br/>
<br/>
“Weapons charging. Capacitors holding steady. Lascannons aligned!”<br/>
<br/>
“Then fire.”<br/>
<br/>
From out of the darkness of the hive came a column of pure light. The tortured soul of the Eldar Titan, whose sister had long ago been devoured body and soul into the maw of Endross, was granted the barest of reliefs as the strike from the Terminus Ultra blew it apart. Less than a second, however, was all that was granted, for the blow had also destroyed the soulstone, and thus the soul of the pilot was swiftly devoured by Slaanesh who barely acknowledged the meal. The servants of the Imperium did not know any of this, and would largely not care if they did. What mattered more was that the Titan careened backwards and then collapsed.<br/>
<br/>
“CHAAAAAAARGE!” Tu’Shan bellowed, rising up out of cover, brandishing his weapons. “INTO THE FIRES OF BATTLE, UNTO THE ANVIL OF WAR!”<br/>
<br/>
“WE ARE THE SHIELD AND THE SWORD!”<br/>
<br/>
“FOR THE UNKNOWN PRIMARCH!”<br/>
<br/>
“FOR THE GOD-EMPEROR!”<br/>
<br/>
“GLORY TO THE OMNISSIAH!”<br/>
<br/>
Over a thousand space marines, sisters of battle, and tech-priests with their retinues charged twice their number in Dark Eldar elites in an entrenched position. Predator tanks and whirlwind tanks unleashed their payloads, battle cannons and lascannons firing as missiles screamed overhead. Heavy bolters opened up as well as hand-held lascannons fired by devastator squads. Assault marines and assault terminators activated jump packs and teleporters respectively, landing explosively in the middle of the enemy base. The next moments were filled to the brim with violence and chaos. In one moment, Aramus was grappling with a grotesque, in another Chapter Master Tu’Shan was striking down a Talos Pain Engine, and in a third N’mul and his own squad were bringing down an entire charge of Wyches with weight of fire. Myrmidons unleashed the highest level of human technologies against the blasphemous techno-sorcery of the alien. The faintest of golden auras seemed to suffuse the members of the Adeptus Sororitas, their fury literally made manifest in fire without visible source.<br/>
<br/>
Then the shrieking of the Song of Entropy began.<br/>
<br/>
For all the terror and devastation the weapon was capable of, it was impossible to hide its usage. As such, within seconds, they had advanced to the Archon’s position upon a short rise within the base itself, where once in the past officers might have given speeches to their troops. And it was there that Aramus felt another spike of impotent failure and shame drive its way into his chest, as he watched Captain Menon, last of the Angel of Vigilance leadership, fade to dust. A combat knife had been driven into the Archon’s stomach, but it was all that would remain.<br/>
<br/>
“ENDROSS!” Aramus bellowed.<br/>
<br/>
A mad laugh burst from the Archon as he faced them.<br/>
<br/>
“You…<i>you</i>! All of you. Mon’keigh! Stinking primitives! Do you realize how much this will set back my quota?! Vect will tear me asunder when I return to Commoragh so late!”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus’ fury was stoppered, if only momentarily, by confusion and shock.<br/>
<br/>
“You…you really think that you will survive this?” He said incredulously.<br/>
<br/>
Endross’ mask had been broken again, now revealing the hideous thing he was beneath, the skin stretched so tight against the bone beneath as to make him nearly skeletal. Chapped and torn lips peeled back to reveal needle point teeth and gums the color of midnight, stained from ingesting any number of possible substances. The Archon swayed slightly where he stood, even as his Kabal fought to the death all around him. His power sword flickered in what looked like a grafted replacement of some sort, still discolored compared to the rest of his body. The Song of Entropy was clutched in a death grip in the other.<br/>
<br/>
“Of course I will! I am ENDROSS! THE LORD OF SORROWS! I will not be killed by the likes of you. Of any of you! I am of Commorragh! I will always survive! Always!”<br/>
<br/>
“Mad xenos,” Aramus spat.<br/>
<br/>
And the fight began.<br/>
<br/>
Whether or not his sanity would permit him to consider the possibility of loss, the simple fact of the matter was that the Lord of Sorrows became a whirlwind of death in those final moments. Against the Chapter Master of the Salamanders and Aramus, a great many foes would fall. Not so, the Archon of the Exquisite Blade. Chemical injectors activated, bulging his musculature, and ballooning his strength enough to send them flying with kicks and punches. His power sword hacked and carved across their armor, cutting his way through Aramus’s cheek, and nearly gutting him more than once. The venerable power armor of Tu’Shan was similarly scored and damaged. It strained Aramus like almost nothing had in the entire 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade to even keep up.<br/>
<br/>
“I will peel your skin open and wear it as a cloak, and if you survive that I will throw you to the arena!” Endross spat globules of sizzling ichor onto Aramus’ armor.<br/>
<br/>
“You will die, and we shall burn your corpse beyond ash with melta bombs,” Aramus growled back.<br/>
<br/>
Blades and spears flashed, even as <i>Sunderhammer</i> swung continually back and forth in a desperate defensive maneuver. Twice, Endross dropped grenades that could have permanently deafened and blinded lesser mortals, a custom mixture of terrorfex and acidic gasses that ate away even at ceramite filling the air. Once, Aramus triggered <i>Sunderhammer</i>’s energy field, the concussive force knocking Endross just enough that Tu’Shan could cut the alien’s forearm with his own power sword. Around them, the melee continued. The Forgefather and Thaddeus were back-to-back, at one point, chainswords slashing back and forth as the Spear of Vulkan cut and stabbed, the two surrounded by mutated grotesques that were surely masterpieces of some Haemonculus or another. But all the while, Aramus could not stop a growing suspicion in his mind. He had chased after the Archon for too long, had suffered his tricks too many times, and now his instincts were starting to speak. Suspicions that were proven right when the Archon ducked away from the both of them and let a group of Incubi confront them instead.<br/>
<br/>
“Stupid mon’keigh!” Endross laughed, voice cracking and dipping, a bit of blood spurting from between his lips. “How can you fall for the same ploy again and again and <i>again</i>!”<br/>
<br/>
But whatever the Archon expected to happen…didn’t. Aramus battered down Incubi alongside Tu’Shan, and the Archon stared not at the two closest to killing him, but rather into the distance. And as they came closer, the whole of his body began to shake and shudder with unconcealed fury. Wyches fell upon the duo, and all the others, eyes alight with the knowledge that death was upon them but with absolute refusal to go down with anything less than maximum effort towards the contrary. More grotesques in all sorts of shapes and sizes burst from the earth. A pair of predators dueled with raider skimmers, dark lances cutting deep before lascannon blasts cut a skiff entirely in half.<br/>
<br/>
The violence did not cease, but it certainly did slow somewhat as another Pain Engine was heaved out of the shadows, accompanied by a literal rain of broken Dark Eldar bodies all around the perimeter.<br/>
<br/>
“The response, I believe,” Shield-Captain Aristos called out as he withdrew his guardian spear from the Talos with a wet squelch, “Is that perhaps you should not rely on the same ploy again and again and <i>again</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
From the shadows did not come another overwhelming force of Dark Eldar, ready to crush their prey between themselves.<br/>
<br/>
Instead came but fifty Adeptus Custodes, splattered heavily with the blood of the slain would-be-ambushers. How those in such auramite power armor had managed to overcome the stealth and speed of the Dark Eldar as well as their far greater numbers, all in the shadows without revealing either group to the combatants up to that point, was unknown. Suffice that they were the Adeptus Custodes, of the Ten Thousand, and had managed it without issue.<br/>
<br/>
“No,” Endross said, the word quiet and nearly throttled by the anger that caused a black flush to spread up his neck and face.<br/>
<br/>
Ancient and withered black veins pulsed.<br/>
<br/>
“NO!” He bellowed, pupils now blown out from the combat drugs he was injecting through his armor.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes,” Tu’Shan roared.<br/>
<br/>
There was no more room for words. Even before the Adeptus Custodes joined the fight, the battle was turning against the Dark Eldar. Which was not, of course, to say that they were not without their own small victories. Space marines fought, and space marines died. Whether by quirk of fate, or deliberate cruel decision, the Angels of Vigilance would not see out the day. Their losses over Armageddon would never be recovered, their gene-vaults in their Fortress-Monastery lost along with all their brothers. With every battle, they had driven themselves on in the search of vengeance, and they died for it. The weapons of the Dark Eldar were often such that even when bodies remained, the gene-seed within was destroyed. So it was that, even at the end, the Exquisite Blade managed to end the legacy of one of the longest standing Chapters that had stood watch over the Eye of Terror. The spite that the two groups had held towards one another had began as little more than basic enmity by cause and course, but in those final moments it became inflamed to an all-consumed hatred which eclipsed all reason.<br/>
<br/>
Blood dripped from a number of wounds, with alien toxins clogging veins and attempting to liquify organs, and yet the space marines fought on. Impaled and battered, armor and bone alike breaking, the Archon fought on.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, however, the Archon twisted his body such that he nearly severed his own spine, just so that he could slam his power sword through Tu’Shan’s thigh and pin him to the ground. Long enough, it seemed, for him to bring the Song of Entropy to bear. Many Salamander’s hearts stopped at the sight of it, even as Tu’Shan struggled to free himself. The crimson field began to erupt from the head of the staff, only for Aramus to clasp his left hand over the head of the staff entirely, and with the last of the strength in his rapidly decaying arm as the entropic energies washed over the limb, forced the staff’s head towards the sky. A whispered word locked the armor of the arm in place, even as skin and blood and bone became dust and then even less than that within it. <i>Sunderhammer</i> dropped to the ground.<br/>
<br/>
For with his right hand Aramus was finally close enough to wrap fingers and hand around the Archon’s throat.<br/>
<br/>
And with a vicious tear, the Lord of Sorrows who had swallowed millions upon millions of souls, who had brought billions more to Comorrragh, who had lived since the fall of the Eldar Empire, had his neck squeezed with such force as to separate head from torso entirely. Pinched and thin skin tore, muscle and gristle ripped, and spinal cord was crushed to fragments.<br/>
<br/>
His head did not bounce upon hitting the ground, for in that same instant Aramus brought his boot down to crush it to pulp.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
From a distance, the Salamanders forming up ranks, a strange glow and whirring sound emerged from the center. There, Aramus knew, would stand the Forgefather and Chapter Master, along with all seven of the Captains of their Chapter. A whisper began next, starting inaudible, but swiftly growing in sound. It was a mixture of cheer, prayer, and giving of thanks, as near as Aramus could tell. For the Song of Entropy had been confirmed to be true, no imitation of any sort, and as such it meant that one more of the Artifacts of Vulkan had finally been returned to the Salamanders thousands of years after the search had begun. Slowly, but completely, the assembled 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Founding Chapter began to stomp their feet in unison at some beat that apparently resided in all of their hearts.<br/>
<br/>
A ghost of a smile passed across Aramus’ lips as he watched it, the Blood Ravens standing just apart.<br/>
<br/>
“…why?” He asked next, turning to look at the inscrutable Shield-Captain. “I had thought us never to meet again, after…before.”<br/>
<br/>
“It is not within the remit of your sort to question where, when, or why a Custodes goes,” Aristos replied, tone once more a mixture of tired and disappointed that nearly blasted Aramus off his feet. “As it is, however…,” the Custodes gestured toward excited gathering of Salamanders, the corpses of all the dead Exquisite Blade members carelessly crushed underfoot. “For all their failings, the works of the Primarchs may well be of some aid to the Imperium’s survival.” Aristos turned back to Aramus. “Perhaps. Do not mistake us, thief, we came to aid them. Not you.”<br/>
<br/>
“I had thought so,” Aramus nodded, “But even so, I give you my thanks.”<br/>
<br/>
“Worthless as it is,” Aristos sniffed. “A question, in turn, Blood Raven. Why did you sacrifice your arm, and potentially yourself, to save the life of Tu’Shan?”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus blinked.<br/>
<br/>
“Do you truly think so little of me?”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes,” Aristos replied bluntly. “Your Chapter has a tendency. On Tartarus, your current Chapter Master released a powerful daemon. Your previous Chapter Master fell to Chaos, and managed to conceal it for centuries. On Kronus, your Chapter willingly brutalized the Imperial Guard on the orders of said heretic. In Kaurava, your Chapter spent more time fighting the Sisters of Battle and now Lord Subsector Stubbs than anything else, and lost five companies for it. In the first Aurelian Crusade, you nearly lost your worlds to the tyranids because you could not understand the implications of their coming save for Captain Cyrus. In the second Aurelian Crusade…,” the Custodes trailed off, Aramus having already looked down with red flushing his neck in shame. “Well, I suspect you are more familiar with your failings there than any other."<br/>
<br/>
It took a moment for Aramus to marshal the strength to speak.<br/>
<br/>
“You’re right,” he admitted. “We have made…<i>many</i> mistakes. We do not know our Primarch, a shame no other Chapter I can immediately think of can share. We are distaff shadows compared to ones such as they,” he made to gesture to the Salamanders before realizing his left arm was gone, the armor now hanging limply at his side. “Which is why it was all the more important that he live. Earlier, you said it would be pointless to execute the Blood Ravens for our theft, as it would deprive the Emperor of some small hundreds of space marines to fight for him.”<br/>
<br/>
“I did,” Aristos nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“The loss of one such as Tu’Shan would deprive the Emperor of one of far more worth,” Aramus declared. “The Salamanders have taken losses in this campaign, but they can recover, and likely will swiftly enough. And they have now regained one of the Artifacts of Vulkan. If the cost of that was my arm,” he grabbed his limp left arm armor with his right, raising it up before letting go to let it swing back down, “Or even my life, I think that such a thing would be worth it.”<br/>
<br/>
“You would claim that Chapter Master Tu’Shan is worth more than your entire Chapter?”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus snorted, looking away again.<br/>
<br/>
“I was overflowing with indignant pride when Gabriel sent me here. In the decades since, it was carved and burnt and beaten out of me. I had begun to rebuild it, believing myself purified by – to use the Salamander terms – the anvil of war and the fires of battle. Our meeting proved that I was still not yet ready to return to my brothers – which, I suppose, is very much the purpose of penitence.”<br/>
<br/>
He paused, then, and looked back to the Custodes.<br/>
<br/>
“Gabriel is likely doing his best to rebuild the Blood Ravens into a Chapter worth its pride. I can do no less than to rebuild myself to better serve the Emperor. In mind, in spirit, and, it seems,” he glanced at the empty portion of his armor again, “In body as well. <i>Is</i> Chapter Master Tu’Shan worth more than all of the Blood Ravens combined? Perhaps not.”<br/>
<br/>
Then Aramus looked Aristos in the eyes.<br/>
<br/>
“I <i>do</i> know that he is worth more than one such as me.”<br/>
<br/>
The Shield-Captain was still for a lengthy moment before nodding.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm. There might be something of worth in you after all.”<br/>
<br/>
“Aramus!” Tu’Shan boomed as he strode to them with a slight limp, the Salamanders now breaking up to maintain the perimeter. “Honorable Custodes,” he bowed his head to Aristos, who nodded curtly back. “It is confirmed and done. The Song of Entropy is ours. And you, young Blood Raven, have my personal thanks.”<br/>
<br/>
“Lord Tu’Shan, I-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Nonsense. If you hadn’t sacrificed your arm, and possibly your life had you not been able to fully push the staff away, I would have died standing there,” the Chapter Master of the Salamanders shook his head, a smile on his lips. “I owe you and yours a debt.”<br/>
<br/>
“Not so. We began this all in the name of the Angels of Vigilance, who we failed,” Aramus shook his head, causing Tu’Shan to bow his with a look of bitterness crossing his face. “We have killed their killers, but the defenders of lost Pervigilium remain dead.<br/>
<br/>
“This is true,” Tu’Shan sighed, “A regret that cannot ever be fully expunged. We slew the Exquisite Blade, yes, but the Bell of Lost Souls shall toll long on Terra after this day.”<br/>
<br/>
“It has not stopped ringing since this Black Crusade began,” Aristos added, making both look at him askance. “Furthermore, our time is done here. We have other places to bring the Emperor’s fury to in this Sector and in others.”<br/>
<br/>
As abrupt as ever, the Custodes all departed in silence without another word.<br/>
<br/>
“The credit should be given more to N’mul,” Aramus continued afterwards. “He is the one who-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Has fought alongside you for too long for you to be able to deflect so easily,” Tu’Shan shook his head. “And yet, for all my thanks, I must apologize to you now.”<br/>
<br/>
“There is no need. I figured it was coming,” Aramus quirked his lips for a moment. “N’mul must return to Nocturne.”<br/>
<br/>
“What!?” N’mul said, overhearing and turning to them even as Tu’Shan nodded. “Chapter Master, no! I am needed here!”<br/>
<br/>
“The 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company needs a Captain,” Tu’Shan countered. “A proper one, not simply a veteran sergeant who has not undertaken the proper rites.”<br/>
<br/>
The argument between the two was fierce, at least on the part of one, as Aramus let the bittersweet knowledge that N’mul could not resist Tu’Shan telling him to his face to report to Nocturne pass through him. He had known it was coming. It was, in fact, inevitable. It truly wasn’t proper for an entire company of space marines to be forced to reside on the strike cruiser of another Chapter entirely, after all.<br/>
<br/>
“Aramus?”<br/>
<br/>
He blinked and looked up to find a shame-faced N’mul looking at him.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes?”<br/>
<br/>
“I…,”<br/>
<br/>
“I know. It’s all right. If you are swift, then perhaps we will see another again before the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade ends.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus’ smile died as he saw the look on N’mul’s face worsen.<br/>
<br/>
“What is it?”<br/>
<br/>
“The Salamanders will not be returning, Aramus.”<br/>
<br/>
“What?” Aramus’ eyes widened in shock.<br/>
<br/>
“The whole of the Chapter was already deployed at Armageddon. Had many promises to defend it. They left, quite abruptly, to reclaim the Song of Entropy,” N’mul looked away. “In their absence, Imperial losses have escalated considerably, even with the return of the <i>Eternal Crusader</i>. We must return. And Tu’Shan says that it has been long since the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company has fought alongside its brothers.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus squeezed his eyes shut and sighed.<br/>
<br/>
“I see. Well then,” he clapped his remaining hand to N’mul’s shoulder. “Fight well, brother,” he gave him as full a smile as he could, which was more of a struggle than he had anticipated.<br/>
<br/>
“I will, brother,” N’mul’s look was fierce. “We shall break the orks at Armageddon, and then we <i>shall</i> return. This is not the last time that the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company shall fight alongside the Blood Ravens. This, I swear.”<br/>
<br/>
This time, Aramus’ smile was more genuine.<br/>
<br/>
“Then I look forward to it. I shall endeavor to survive until that day, if you do the same.”<br/>
<br/>
The resulting wrist-clasp terminated oddly for the Blood Raven as N’mul drew Aramus closer to wrap his second arm around his shoulder and back. The sensation it brought was faintly and distantly familiar, from something that almost felt like a memory of his life before being taken as an initiate into the Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
“I will. Fight on, brother,” N’mul told him with a nod.<br/>
<br/>
“See to your company, N’mul,” Tu’Shan said quietly, having waited for them to finish before speaking up again.<br/>
<br/>
“Of course, Chapter Master,” N’mul looked one last time at Aramus before nodding to Tu’Shan and striding away.<br/>
<br/>
“…should you be walking? The power sword struck you clean through,” Aramus spoke up.<br/>
<br/>
“The apothecaries saw to both of us. The toxins are neutralized,” Tu’Shan waved the concern away. “The bleeding has ceased. More in-depth treatment can wait for later.”<br/>
<br/>
“I…suppose.”<br/>
<br/>
“Now, as to the debt,” Tu’Shan began.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master-,”<br/>
<br/>
“My gratitude in this instance is irrefusable, Aramus,” Tu’Shan cleared his throat.<br/>
<br/>
“If this must be so,” Aramus sighed, “Then…I <i>do </i>have a request.”<br/>
<br/>
“Name it.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus inhaled deeply before speaking.<br/>
<br/>
“The battlefield is growing ever fiercer. Upon the <i>Retribution</i> we carry a goodly portion of gene-seed.”<br/>
<br/>
Tu’Shan’s gaze sharpened considerably.<br/>
<br/>
“There is no guarantee,” Aramus looked to where N’mul was speaking to the assembled 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, “That we will survive the next battle, let alone the next year. Should it come to pass that the <i>Retribution</i> is destroyed, I would not have it be so that the gene-seed is lost with us. My request is thus,” Aramus looked back to the now grave expression on Tu’Shan’s face. “Sarrelen can see to a bionic replacement for my arm. But the gene-seed cannot be replaced. Forgive my impertinence, Chapter Master, but I would ask of you to safely transport what we possess to our Chapter, or at least to Governor Derosa of Meridian in the Aurelian Subsector to hold for the Chapter until the Blood Ravens may take possession of it.”<br/>
<br/>
“This is no small task, Aramus,” Tu’Shan murmured. “Subsector Aurelia is in the Eastern Fringe, almost the other side of the galaxy from the Eye, a great distance indeed from Armageddon and Nocturne besides.”<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Raven winced.<br/>
<br/>
“I would expect nothing less,” Tu’Shan grinned, teeth white and gleaming. “If you had tried to defer to some small measure of recompense I would have been insulted. To ask us to forgo our duties on Armageddon I would have been furious. Instead, you ask of us to take up a grave and honorable duty, one worth doing regardless. Yes, Aramus of the Blood Ravens. It may take us some time, but yes.”<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you, Chapter Master,” Aramus said gratefully. “Thank you.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course,” Tu’Shan patted him on the shoulder. “Now, let us regroup and do what needs to be done to free this world.”<br/>
<br/>
In the grand scheme of things, it was a minor battle on Aurent, all told. The fate of Agrippina was decided, however, with a thousand of such things. The back of the forces of Chaos were broken, and the Imperium triumphed on mountains of dead and broken ships. All the same, the shipyards of Agrippina were more than happy to aid in repair and restoration of those who had freed them from the constant pressure of Chaos assaults. Within the day, the battle in the void was over, and within the year, all planets within the system were scoured clean. The fleet would go on to restore the Sector to the Imperium, and in that time more victories and glories were won by the Salamanders than all others.<br/>
<br/>
And none would forget the Blood Ravens that strode alongside them, for the tale of the Hunt for the Song of Entropy would become a legend of its own.<br/>
<br/>
In time, however, the Salamanders did depart to Nocturne, so far flung away. Their fleet bolstered, at that point, by a battered battle barge and pair of strike cruisers, late of the lamented and lost Angels of Vigilance, of whom their last Captain – Brother Menon – had left behind a recording leaving the ships to those who had fought alongside him in the case of his death in the course of the hunt. Alas, the Penitent Crusade of Aramus could not accept such aid, and so the ships went to the Salamanders instead, to become the fleet that would replace the ships of the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company that had been lost decades ago. The <i>Retribution</i> would remain in Agrippina for a time, before rapidly reappearing elsewhere, from the Scarus Sector to the Cadian Sector and even Belis Corona at times. In those places, the Blood Ravens deployed no longer alongside Salamanders, but others instead, fighting the enemies of the Imperium and contributing as best they could wherever they could.<br/>
<br/>
All the while, the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade ground on…</div>
  </body>
</html>