<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>075.M42 Interlude: Of Bitterness and Pride</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>075.M42 Interlude: Of Bitterness and Pride</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>075.M42 Interlude: Of Bitterness and Pride</b><br/>​</div>The chains had been forged from the extracted iron out of the blood of several thousands of innocents, deep within one of the eldest of the Forge Worlds of the Dark Mechanicus well within the Eye of Terror. Sorcerers of the Black Legion had utilized dread rituals and spells gleaned from all of the Four Gods, workings to bind not just the flesh but the mind and the soul, creating a triparted imprisonment. The one who had headed the rituals had been none other than Khayon himself. They could have been, and had, used to chain down rebellious Daemon Princes and Greater Daemons who had dared to offend the commissioner of the chains and in each of those instances had not failed. That they had not yet been used upon the one they had been designed for, the accursed so-called Living Saint Celestine, did not matter. Not on this day.<br/>
<br/>
For the one they bound, the one who was being dragged along the bridge of the <i>Vengeful Spirit</i>, was amongst the most deceitful, resourceful, and difficult to ensnare throughout the whole of the galaxy. Two of the Aphotic Blade held each end of the chains, four more of that deadly brotherhood just behind the prisoner with weapons held at the ready. Six of the Aphotic Blade were enough to ruin entire Regiments of the Imperial Guard, to face down the 1st Company Elites of the pathetic lapdogs of the Corpse-Emperor. It was considered barely enough for the prisoner, and as such many more of the Black Legion were present on the bridge as well, their weapons similarly held at the ready. Many were carefully watching each other, just in case some hidden gambit could be enacted, some sort of triggered word or phrase or movement which could reveal some of the eldest traitors in the galaxy to be traitors once more.<br/>
<br/>
The Despoiler stood, glowering into the depths of the void, his back to the prisoner as they were hauled forth.<br/>
<br/>
If one looked hard enough, they might see the weapons fire being exchanged between more than a hundred ships. Over Cadia proper, the supposedly indomitable <i>Phalanx</i> squatted, its guns and presence ensuring that more than a third of the planet's orbit and terrestrial territory was nearly uncontestable. Ships flowed out of the rotting Imperium, pumping millions more detestable sycophants and wretches onto the field. Some were of the pathetic Imperial Guard, others of the blind Sororitas, and yet more were of the foolish genetic detritus that dared to lay claim to the title of Adeptus Astartes. The territories held by the Living Saints were growing stronger with every day, the battle lines crashing into stalemate again and again while letting them build their defenses and infrastructure up. The one known as Celestine had been one thing…but the other?<br/>
<br/>
'The <i>Warmaster</i> Sabbat'.<br/>
<br/>
A title as insulting as it was informative. Creed had been slain by his own hand, the Space Wolves had quit the field decades ago, and yet the Imperium had barely been kept functioning by Celestine's presence. But presence alone was not enough, and so the Despoiler had ground the Corpse-Emperor's servants down year after year, claiming ever more territory in the name of the Dark Gods. But this one, this so-called Warmaster, was not as Celestine was. No flitting champion, Sabbat had learned at the foot of Imperial Colonel-Commissars, Generals, Lord Generals, and two Warmasters besides during the Crusade to reclaim her own worlds. Her ascension to Supreme Commander of the Cadian Gate had been uncontested even by the treacherous and petty leaders of the Imperial troops, especially once her appointment was further anointed with none other than the Emperor's own favor through the words of his Custodians.<br/>
<br/>
"Abaddon…," came the sinuous hiss from the prisoner as they were bodily thrown forward to land in a clattering heap behind him.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did the Despoiler turn about and gaze dispassionately down at a furious Fabius Bile. The Clonelord glared up at him, his armor and equipment torn from him, skeletal and pallid skin granted an even more unwholesome shade from the eldritch lights that played across the <i>Vengeful Spirit</i>'s bridge. He writhed, even now, in his chains. Here, in the heart of Abaddon's power, of his flagship, there was no hint of obsequiousness on Fabius' face. Not a single mote of fear. Only spite and anger at being accosted, his laboratory broken into, and so unceremoniously transported. Abaddon flicked an eye up to the Aphotic Blades, noting the glint of fresh blood on their power claws and boots, and nodded with grim pleasure at the definite sign that Fabius had not come quietly.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>How many</b>," he rasped, tilting his head slightly and raising the Talon of Horus to inspect it.<br/>
<br/>
"Twenty, Warmaster," the lead of the Blades said calmly. "Each equipped as a true Astartes. They fought…well enough."<br/>
<br/>
At that, Fabius scoffed.<br/>
<br/>
"There were ten of you at the start, fool, and if my refinements had been completed-," he began to rant up at the terminator before a harsh laugh from Abaddon silenced him and made Fabius turn his head back around. "What?" He snarled.<br/>
<br/>
Abaddon did not respond verbally. Instead he lifted his chin, and Fabius found himself dragged upright into a forced standing position before being frog marched forward so he could gaze down the length of the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>I wanted to thank you, Fabius</b>," Abaddon finally said, his lips splitting unwholesomely as a hideous mockery of a smile emerged onto his face.<br/>
<br/>
That, finally, seemed to manage a small chip through the armor of contempt and arrogance that the greatest apothecary in the galaxy garbed himself in.<br/>
<br/>
"…what?" Fabius whispered.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>I wanted to thank you</b>," Abaddon repeated before gesturing out towards the void – and Cadia. "<b>You have ever disdained the Dark Gods, spurned them, and yet made use of whatever you wished of them. And <i>yet</i></b>," he raised a finger as Fabius made to speak again, "<b>You finally went too far</b>."<br/>
<br/>
"I don't know what you're talking about," Fabius said stiffly, trying to turn his head away before one of the Aphotic Blades forced it back again with terminator-armor assisted strength.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Yes you do</b>," Abaddon let loose a cruel laugh as ships began to appear all around the Vengeful Spirit. "<b>Your precious…<i>New Men</i></b>."<br/>
<br/>
Fabius' eyes went wide.<br/>
<br/>
"No."<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Successors to humanity when humanity's destiny is bound up with the Dark Gods? And yet you dared to try and <i>hide</i> them</b>?!"<br/>
<br/>
Another dozen ships appeared, projected upon the actuality sphere which showed the entire Cadian star system. More were coming all the time, identified and catalogued by the powerful cogitators of the ship. Some were war ships of various classes, some old and finally wrangled to come forth and others so young that metric tons of amniotic fluid was still dripping from their semi-organic metal shells. But the vast, vast majority were transports. Some cobbled together from scrap metal, others outright Universe-class Mass Conveyors, all of them daubed in the sigils of Chaos and the Dark Gods. Beside him, Fabius tried to throw himself at Abaddon, but the chains stayed his movements to little more than more writhing.<br/>
<br/>
"NO!" The Clonelord bellowed. "You wouldn't dare! They're <i>mine</i>, they're -,"<br/>
<br/>
Abaddon backhanded him lightly enough to only shatter his entire face, making Fabius collapse backwards into a heap. The dark amusement was gone from the Despoiler now, his eyes burning with fell unholy light.<br/>
<br/>
"<b><i>Everything is the Dark Gods', fool!"</i> </b>Abaddon roared. "<b>And that includes your New Men! They have been bereft in fulfilling that truth, but that changes here and now! Did you think you could hide them from the gaze of Tzeentch? That their rages and furies were unseen and unheard by Khorne, that their enhanced senses did not delight Slaanesh, their flesh did not enchant Nurgle with ideas for new plagues?!"</b><br/>
<br/>
Fabius raged, spitting and cursing, as more and more of the transports arrived. From across the galaxy, they had come. Indeed, despite the Inquisition's best efforts to root out the New Men from where Fabius had seeded them, a great many had survived the initial culls. Those survivors had, in time, grown in number for Fabius had engineered them to be able to breed true, and breed they had. For more than a century the New Men had grown like a cancer across the Imperium. On Hive Worlds, Agri-Worlds, Forge Worlds, Civilized Worlds, Mining Worlds, they had grown. On occasion, Fabius had even made sure to deliver more to yet more worlds, ensuring that his great creation would live on and be fruitful.<br/>
<br/>
But where the Inquisition had failed?<br/>
<br/>
The Alpha Legion had not. For the Dark Gods were most interested in the New Men, the creations of the one who defied them so, and the bargains the Alpha Legion made were far in excess of what the Inquisition would ever have considered acceptable. World after world after world, the Alpha Legion had done its work. It had been slow going, and dangerous as well, for no matter how one regarded them the New Men were quite deadly in battle. But they were not, no matter the Primogenitor's efforts, without flaw or weakness.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>For some, it was a fight. But for many,"</b> Abaddon chuckled darkly as he reached down and grasped Fabius lightly enough not to kill him, raising him higher to look out as more ships arrived. "<b>It was simple enough. You engineered them for <i>loyalty</i>, Fabius. For <i>love</i>!"</b><br/>
<br/>
Finally, the Despoiler tipped his head back and laughed, the sound a horrific soul-shriveling thing that was further backed by the laughter of daemons and spirits which made many of the bridge crew shudder as they worked.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>For most of them, all that was required was to be told that failure to comply would end up harming <i>you</i>,"</b> Abaddon snorted. "<b>After that, they all but threw themselves into our ships, desperate to try and save you. But with enough time, enough <i>decades</i></b>," he drew the word out, "<b>The Dark Gods took their due</b>."<br/>
<br/>
"No, no, <i>no</i>," Fabius shook his head, moaning through his obliterated mouth, "<i>No</i>!"<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Yes</b>," Abaddon hissed. "<b>Those</b>," he gestured with one hand to one swathe of transports, "<b>Ended up swearing to Khorne. Those</b>," he pointed to another group, "<b>To Slaanesh. To Nurgle. To Tzeentch. Many to Chaos Undivided, to the Black Legion, to <i>me</i></b>," he bit the last word as it emerged from his mouth. <b>"It seems that your vaunted refusal to accept the Dark Gods is unique to <i>you</i>, and none of your creations."</b><br/>
<br/>
Fabius could only scream in wordless rage.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>I wanted you to see this. I wanted you to know. And now, when I kill you, and you reawaken in some cloning sleeve somewhere else, you will <i>remember</i></b>," Abaddon drew Fabius close, the Clonelord's eyes widening. "<b>Yes, Fabius. We know. We've known for some time now</b>."<br/>
<br/>
Finally, the Primogenitor's eyes narrowed to slits.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>If you think yourself capable of revenge, come and try</b>," Abaddon threw him down before chuckling again. "<b>But if you are not…perhaps consider <i>praying</i></b>."<br/>
<br/>
Then he stomped the clone of Fabius Bile to death with a single movement before turning back to face the actuality sphere.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Open the vox</b>," he demanded, and with a crackle of technology and a squeal of daemons, his will was done.<br/>
<br/>
Almost immediately, thunder tore through the vox, killing several lesser crewmen outright as their minds and souls were blasted to pieces. Power thrummed through the air, vibrating with a bitter rage beyond anything of mortal comprehension.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>S-P-E-A-K."</b><br/>
<br/>
"Are the ships prepared?"<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Y-E-S</b>."<br/>
<br/>
A grin split Abaddon's face once more, his fists clenching and unclenching in anticipation.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Then deploy them. Deploy them all</b>!"<br/>
<br/>
There was a moment's silence, just long enough for Abaddon's eyes to narrow and a fury be born in his heart, just long enough for the defiance to be felt.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>V-E-R-Y-W-E-L-L</b>."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================================<br/>​</div>When the Phalanx's venerable cogitators and auspex scans had returned their conclusions, many on the bridge of the ancient vessel were set to panicking and screaming. Many denied it outright, they had to, as their minds could not withstand a universe where it was true.<br/>
<br/>
Tor Garadon was not amongst such unfortunates.<br/>
<br/>
For he was an Imperial Fist, and such behavior was beyond him. Instead, with gritted teeth behind an impassive expression, he strode to the actuality sphere's projection of the Cadian System with his hands folded behind his back. With the rest of the Chapter deployed to the surface, he was left as commander and custodian of the <i>Phalanx</i>, and with it secondary to overall control over all Imperial void assets by the orders of the Warmaster Saint. Still, to look upon what was now approaching deserved some measure of contemplation, one that he allowed to last a solid second before blinking and refocusing his mind.<br/>
<br/>
"Attention all ships, multiple <i>Gloriana</i>-class Battleships are on approach. Prepare defensive pattern Tertius-4, pull back from engagements across the southwestern quadrants of Cadia – we must redistribute our firepower," he announced.<br/>
<br/>
To the Machine Spirits of the Phalanx, what came from the Eye of Terror were unmistakable no matter how much the energies of Chaos had washed over and through them. Few in the Imperium could scarcely have believed that they still even existed, and many had hoped that they had been torn apart in the ten thousand years since the Horus Heresy, for the servants of the Dark Gods had never shied from destroying what their rivals desired if they could not have it for themselves. And, to be certain, all had suffered damage in the continuous wars beyond the view of the Imperium, deep within the Eye. Some, at certain points, had even been so badly damaged that some servants of Chaos had assumed them irreparable. And for most, they would have been.<br/>
<br/>
For most.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>D-O-R-N-S…P-R-E-C-I-O-U-S…P-H-A-L-A-N-X. I H-A-V-E B-E-E-N L-O-O-K-I-N-G F-O-R-W-A-R-D T-O T-H-I-S F-O-R A L-O-N-G T-I-M-E."</b><br/>
<br/>
None of the Glorianas were precisely as they had been during the Horus Heresy. They had been altered, repaired, modified, changed again and again while drenched in the depths of the Eye, of the Warp. But even so, the Phalanx could tell them apart, and that information was conveyed to the utterly dismayed Imperial Navy and many Astartes ships.<br/>
<br/>
At the head of the incoming Chaos fleet, obscenely bulging with weapons arrays and a multitude of cannons and devices to the point that it was half again as large as it had been in the Heresy, was none other than the <i>Conqueror</i>. No matter when, no matter who, the <i>Conqueror</i> refused to be anything less than the first to battle. Alongside it, the useless fripperies and pointless accoutrements removed, was the <i>Pride of the Emperor </i>and the <i>Nightfall</i>. All the perfume, whether floral or fear-based, had been scrubbed clean. Gone were the torture chambers, the places of art in terror and decadence. The former flagships of the Emperor's Children and Night Lords had been 'corrected' by their new master, function overwhelming form utterly. So severe were the changes that few save the Phalanx could even have fathomed their origins based on outward auspex alone. Save, perhaps, that somehow after all these years and the best efforts of their new master the ships had stubbornly retained their names. A single kernel of defiance from long corrupted Machine Spirits that had otherwise utterly submitted. Much more tragically, however, was the presence of two other ships at the rear of the formation. Much less altered, whether because the attentions of their master had been on the other ships or elsewhere, or perhaps because they retained something else about them, they were unmistakably daubed in the colors and sigils of Chaos. But for all that, they remained the <i>Flamewrought </i>and <i>Fist of Iron</i>.<br/>
<br/>
But none of those ships, hideously weighty with weapons of absolute devastation, could outmass the <i>Iron Blood</i>. In the ten thousand years since the end of the Horus Heresy, it had been a constant project. There had always been something to improve, another efficiency to squeeze out. The deeper the energies of Chaos had infused it, the more it had changed. The more its master had changed, the more too the <i>Iron Blood</i> had warped. At some point, however, the distinction between the two had begun to matter less and less, the longer the master worked. Both had become utterly changed in time. Now, all these years later, there was no longer a distinction at all. For the master was the ship, and the ship was the master.<br/>
<br/>
Perturabo gazed upon the universe with senses beyond any flesh. Input flowed from every sensor, every camera, every auspex, seeing across a spectrum of science and madness both. The hull and void shields were his skin, his armor, his flesh. Power conduits his veins, his reactors his hearts. Though it had taken more than a thousand years, that which had been the Daemon Primarch had slowly melded and mixed with his ship, his body. His mind churned with the power of the Gloriana's cogitators, stretched and expanded beyond the wildest nightmares of any sect of the Mechanicus. Information flowed and thought-fast the fleet advanced, adjusting and readjusting with every minute to ensure the most perfect formation possible.<br/>
<br/>
Though the Dark Gods had compelled him to come, the Despoiler had not dared to try and compel and command him. If he had, the supposed successor to Horus would have found himself incinerated under the guns of his ships and creations.<br/>
<br/>
Far more disappointing were the three strike cruisers that followed along behind his body.<br/>
<br/>
Three. And upon those ships, less than a handful of true Iron Warriors. There were many more who bore the colors and emblems of his Legion, but of true veterans, those who had not joined under Warsmiths in later years, those who had <i>been there</i>? So very, very few left. Some to ascension, others to the various foes of the Dark Gods, but so very, very <i>many</i> had fallen to one another. Assassination. Sabotage. Bitter rivalries whose fruition came to pass again and again, ending with the death of one more Iron Warrior, and often more than that. When Perturabo sneered, it was with the flexing of miles of metallic superstructure which bent and groaned. But then, he had not expected much better.<br/>
<br/>
The only thing that could be trusted was himself, and his own personal creations.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================================================<br/>​</div>"Look out, here they come!"<br/>
<br/>
Some bore the look of Chaos Space Marines. Some bore the weapons of Chaos Space Marines. But command had sent down warnings that they were not, necessarily, Chaos Space Marines. Already, hundreds of them were attacking across hundreds of miles of trenches and defensive lines. There were others, too, who were garbed like Traitor Guard, like the more militant members of the Lost and Damned armies that the enemy had thrown at Cadia since the Horus Heresy, and all of them shared a horrific speed, strength, and toughness. Lasguns burned at their skin and flesh, and they did not fall. Boltguns tore at them, but they continued to lope forward and return fire of their own. When they crashed into the Imperium, they did so with cries to 'The Creator' and the Dark Gods on their lips.<br/>
<br/>
"What…are these things!?"<br/>
<br/>
Each of the awful creatures looked human, at least at first, but soon the differences became apparent. Joints that swiveled too far, limbs just too long or too short, proportions slightly differing in too many ways to be discounted, ways that changed and altered as the fighting went on. Many of them even transformed just before fighting, looking like normal humans albeit Chaos worshipping ones beforehand. Guardsmen screamed and died in droves as their lines were overrun by mobs of them, some organized, some not. Within moments, the New Men of Fabius Bile were breaking through in dozens of locations. One Kasr was broken open in less than a day. Much to the consternation to the Warmaster Saint, the fighting would only grow more intense in the following days as more and more of the New Men were deployed. Whole worlds out in the Imperium that had unknowingly been host to vast populations of New Men had been burned over the past century with their populace abducted, all in an effort to gather up a new influx of troops. Fabius Bile would rage, would seethe, and to his great frustration would find when he sought out the most hidden of the worlds he had deposited New Men upon that the Alpha Legion had gotten there first.<br/>
<br/>
The Clonelord had continually refused to serve the Dark Gods, but his children and creations would do.<br/>
<br/>
For now.<br/>
<br/>
High above, the newly reinforced Black Fleet was now under the control of none other than the Daemon Primarch Perturabo, and he mercilessly prosecuted the void war. The Phalanx might have been outnumbered, but so too would the Glorianas be if they approached too quickly while enough of the Imperial Navy and ships of the Adeptus Astartes remained. A slower approach would be required. Instead, though the irony was likely lost on some, the Gloriana core took position over Cadia much like how the Phalanx had, instilling and creating a zone of absolute control and defense, letting ground troops deploy utterly freely.<br/>
<br/>
And the 13th Black Crusade ground on.</div>
  </body>
</html>