<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Three)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Three)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Favor Grinding</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-<s>[] Assign Veterans To 1st Company If Desired<br/>
--[] Return 10 1st company Sergeants assigned to 2nd Company to 1st Co., Promote 10 2nd Company Vets in their place, Send all remaining 2nd Co. vets to 1st Co.<br/>
--[] Send all non-Sergeant 4th and 5th Co. Vets to 1st Co.<br/>
-[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage<br/>
--[] Train all 1st Co. members not currently in possession of Terminator Honors (including new additions)<br/>
-[] Assign Tomb-Brother Nathan of the 5th to 1st and Tomb-Brother Mestor of the 5th to the 4th.<br/>
-[] Look for potential members of the Honor Guard from the Chapter Veterans.<br/>
-[] Reassign Kaius Jacobus from the 5th to the 10th as scout sergeant, return 1 of the scout sergeants to the 1st, nominate Veteran Sergeant Trogus as the new Champion of the 5th.<br/>
-[] Assign Chaplain Bellero as the new Chaplain of the 5th<br/>
-[] Give unused Raven's Aegis to the Codicier Aeneas<br/>
-[] Assign Unassigned Battle Brothers [135] To Companies<br/>
--[] Assign 70 to 5th Co.,<br/>
--[] Assign 45 to 2nd Co.<br/>
--[] Assign 20 to 4th Co.<br/>
-[] <b>Significant Mechanicus Offer – The Shadowed Grave:<br/>
--[] Send 4th Co. and Fleet + Detachments from Librarium/Reclusiam/Apothecarium/Armory<br/>
<s>---[] Deploy Gabriel, Apollo, Justinius and Martellus</s></b></s><br/>
<b><s>-[] <b>Ending The Kra</b></s></b><br/>
<s><b>--[] 2nd Co. and Fleet + Detachments from Librarium/Reclusiam/Apothecarium/Armory</b></s><br/>
<b><s>---[] Deploy Hannibal and Nero<br/>
-[] <b>Hive Fleet Kraken Splinter Clean-Up</b><br/>
--[] 5th Co. and Fleet, 1st Co. Squad + Detachments from Librarium/Reclusiam/Apothecarium/Armory</s></b><br/>
<s><b><s>-[] <b>Terminator Exchange</b><br/>
--[] 2 Squads of 1st Co.</s></b></s><br/>
<b><s>-[] <b>Calling For Allies</b><br/>
--[] Approach Governor Derosa for aid in contacting/ couching requests to the more hostile parties listed below.<br/>
--[] Approach Sector Command<br/>
--[] Approach Scarlet Lions<br/>
--[] Approach Order of the Lost Rosetta<br/>
--[] Approach Inquisitor Andrastia<br/>
--[] Approach Forge World Aerus<br/>
--[] Approach Forge World Zerann</s><br/>
--[] Approach Rogue Trader Tarquindil<br/>
<s>--[] Approach Knightly Houses of Trontiux II</s></b><br/>
<s>-[] Favor usage<br/>
--[] Use 1 Major Mechanicus Favors to request aid from them<br/>
--[] Use 1 Minor Favor to gain 8 Thunderhawks (4 gunship, 4 transport) from Governor Derosa</s><br/>
<b><s>-[] Something Else (Write-In)</s></b><br/>
<s>--[] Aid Meridian, Blood the 10th Co.: Captain Cyrus is correct in his declaration that ill-equipped Scouts are naught more than moving targets. However even the newest implanted Scout possesses resilience, training, reaction times and zeal far in excess of the usual cult dross. The like of which is steadily infesting the underbelly of Meridian. While we can't immediately equip them to the standards normally demanded of the 10th Co. we can still provide them with weapons and armor aplenty that Imperial Guardsmen would be envious of. Send in the 10th Co. to quell the cult uprisings on Meridian. Buy Governor Derosa the time and breathing room she needs to see to the Hive Worlds defenses while continuing the training of these newest of Blood Ravens in a relatively safe manner. (<a class="username" data-user-id="328" data-username="@torroar" data-xf-init="member-tooltip" href="https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/328/">@torroar</a> Is this an appropriate write-in?)<br/>
---[] 10th Co.<br/>
-[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
--[] Master of Sanctity Hannibal<br/>
--[] Train Gabriel's BS with Cyrus<br/>
-[] Write-In: Prepare for Plagues: Ulkair is awakening. A Great Unclean One. His stirrings, lackeys and, Emperor Forbid, awakening, will lead to plagues sweeping throughout the populace of the local Sub-sector. Study the records of years past on the afflictions common to this particular sore from the Warp and prepare medical provisions and triage techniques for it. Spread the findings them to all medical and military organizations likely to be involved in the coming cleansing so as to reduce the impact of this creatures insidious presence. x2<br/>
<u><s>-[] The Raven's Talons [100 BP 1x Shard]</s></u><br/>
--[] Daemonhammer<br/>
-[] Build Order: (675 BP Available)<br/>
--[] 47 Suits of Scout Combat Armor (376 BP)<br/>
-[] Bionic Replacements For Those Wounded In The Hunt For Vandis (Costs 125 BP For 20 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines To Be Returned To Full Combat Capability)<br/>
-[] Full Repair For Gabriel Angelos' Extensive Bionics (Costs 35 BP)<br/>
-[] Extensive Bionics For Returning Apollo Diomedes To Duty (Costs 35 BP)<br/>
-[] One Raven's Talon (NOTED ABOVE) (100 BP)<br/>
-[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds<br/>
--[] Meridian</s></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>A Breath Choked By Ash<br/>
+075.M42+ To +080.M42+<br/>
Be Faithful! Be Strong! Be Vigilant! - The Emperor of Mankind</b><br/>​</div>In the ancient days of yore, when Terra still had oceans, there had been combats such as this. In the stark blue of the oceans, and in some cases in the utter darkness of the depths. The same had occurred many times before on other planets throughout the galaxy and beyond. Warfare, violence, that intrinsic prerogative and act by both those who were savage and those who considered themselves enlightened, by beasts and men alike. A space where sensors were deafened, where some of the most advanced works of humanity were rendered dangerously close to the same effectiveness of the naked eyeball. Cogitators thrummed, auspex arrays pulsed near constantly, all ships strained to discover the foe so that they could tear their throats out. Though two fleets proclaimed servitude and worship to the Omnissiah, the form of their worship was both starkly different and grotesquely similar depending on the ritual and behavior in question.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mechanicus: 85<br/>
Dark Mechanicus: 36<br/>
Blood Ravens: 71<br/>
Nightmares of the Dead: 56</b><br/>
<br/>
Lances of blinding, obliterating light skewered the murky blue of the nebula, sometimes striking against suddenly revealed bubbles of void shields, sometimes impacting against long dead hulks of metal and plastic. Unlike the dumb torpedoes that many in the Imperium's navy had access to, what was launched in waves were more advanced pieces of technology. Primitive machine-spirits tugged ordnance, maneuvering with mini-thrusters as much as was possible to actually reach the enemy. Daemons screamed and howled as the melded flesh-warheads of the Dark Mechanicus shot through the nebula's innards. But so too did other things howl in the dark blue of the nebula. Macrocannon salvoes, erupting with the very last of what remained in dust-covered magazines, impacted against the shields of the Blood Ravens as they rotated their ships in close defensive formation around those of the Mechanicus. Revenant plasma generators which burned non-existent fuel heated up ancient lance turrets, long-cold barrels superheated once more as shrieking beams punctured the void shields of a Dark Mechanicus cruiser. Redirecting power from weapons, from areas where life-support was nonessential, even partially from the engines, all towards the shields, Hadrian Priscus of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company commanded the ships of the Blood Ravens to guard their allies. Through their adamant defense, the ships of the Mechanicus were left pristine.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mechanicus: 72<br/>
Dark Mechanicus: 84<br/>
Blood Ravens: 91<br/>
Nightmares of the Dead: 5</b><br/>
<br/>
But as almost all fighting there knew, the hatred brought about through zealotry and worship was powerful indeed. Long range was often the preferred methodology of the ship-born servants of the Omnissiah, where their advanced weaponry could blast and shatter and rend their foes long before they could be in danger. But with so many dead hulks strewn about the area, they were obstacles for both sides. Sheer mass of dead, and in some cases undead, metal was proving a deterrent to victory all sides. It needed to come to an end, one way or another. Exact timing was impossible to say, either through immediate observation or through later examination of the auspex logs. It didn't matter, in the end. Screaming in binary and scrap-code, the fleets of the Mechanicus advanced, and thus the Blood Ravens were brought closer as well. Close enough, as it turned out, for the bombardment cannons of the astartes ships to begin firing with something approaching measurable accuracy. The revenants of the nebula were struck silent since they had first begun screaming, now witness once more to true full-scale warfare. Troop transports, boarding torpedoes, assault rams, teleportarium beacons, these and more were launched between the two main fleets, yet before any of the corrupted skitarii and maddened machine slaves of the Dark Mechanicus could bore into the hulls of their hated brethren, they found themselves confronted with the ships of the Blood Ravens, aggressively firing to tear them apart. In one case, the strike cruiser <i>Burning Seeker</i> threw itself in the way of some of such boarding methods. There, scrap-code bellowing skitarii and deathly silent war robots found themselves felled by bolter, missile launcher, and lascannons as soon as they tried to emerge from their boarding transports.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mechanicus: 3<br/>
Dark Mechanicus: 24<br/>
Blood Ravens: 95<br/>
Nightmares of the Dead: 68</b><br/>
<br/>
"There, there!" Hadrian shouted across the vox, eyes wide and teeth bared in a feral grin. "All ships, fire bombardment cannons, lance arrays, everything! Their void shields are about to regenerate, fire now!"<br/>
<br/>
As one, the ships of the Blood Ravens fired. The nebula was brightly lit within, casting horrific shapes and inhuman visages as shadows as an Ark Mechanicus long tainted by Chaos was slain. A single point at middeck, a miniscule hull breach nearly sealed, initially formed by a lance salvo by the revenants of the Nebula. A point of vulnerability, a point of utter destruction as the combined strength of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company shot under Captain Hadrian's order. But the revenants were not so discriminate. Though space was silent, the vox came alive with the screams of horror and fury as one of the ships of Aerus was snapped in half by a charging ancient grand cruiser using the very last of its fuel and energy to ram them. With a terrific scraping and shredding, the Lunar-class cruiser was torn apart. The shrapnel spread amongst the other Aerus ships as well, while practically a cloud of torpedoes launched from below the immediate combat plane destroyed one of their cobra destroyers. More might have suffered such a fate if four fifths of the torpedoes hadn't become duds through decay and time, harmlessly bouncing off of void shields and hulls alike. Void shields broke, hulls were burnt and battered, in some cases blown apart entirely as the fleets struck against one another. Though in some cases, the ghosts suffered the anger of Hadrian, especially after their success at harming the fleet of Forge World Aerus.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mechanicus: 48<br/>
Dark Mechanicus: 22<br/>
Blood Ravens: 83<br/>
Nightmares of the Dead: 51</b><br/>
<br/>
Weapons batteries fired without pause, masses of servitors loading cannons all the while. Capacitor banks began to crackle and smoke as they energized lances and plasma projectors again and again. The <i>Cerulean Vault</i> began to be filled with angry red, dying orange, and more. The warp-infused vessels of the Dark Mechanicus released even more unwholesome colors, things unnatural to the naked eye. Fuels mixed with ground souls and the essence of chained daemons ignited in fireballs that burned in impossible symbols, writhing and curling as if alive and luxuriating in the deaths of the vessels they once powered. The tempo was increased ever more the longer the fight went on. But no matter what the Dark Mechanicus ships attempted, they could not breach the line created by the Blood Ravens, allowing the fleets of Zerann and Aerus to fire with impunity, though all had to readjust when a few more ships of the past exhaled their final dying breaths through torpedoes and weapons fire. At one point, there was even a forcible launch of strike craft through a purposefully decompressed hangar bay carrying deadly explosive payloads that required thunderhawks to fend off. The machine spirit of the ship which had done so screamed one last time as its reactors finally died with that final exertion.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Mechanicus: 89<br/>
Dark Mechanicus: 7<br/>
Blood Ravens: 47 <br/>
Nightmares of the Dead: 25</b><br/>
<br/>
In the ferocity of combat, cold logical minds had calculated. As ships fought, some taking wounds, some dying, they had continued to stalk down the path of mathematics. The ships shuddered, machine-spirits wailed and gnashed their teeth, scrap-code filaments extended through the noosphere were burnt by holy firewalls prepared by the tech-priests of Zerann and Aerus, and still the grand cogitators worked alongside those linked to them. Flesh and silicone worked unceasingly. Finally, the end of the long equation came. The Blood Ravens had weathered the storm for them well. The old ghosts were growing ever more silent, invigorated with a fatal finality from the aggression and movement of their fleets. The heretics waited before them. Far below, sacred munitions were prepared, passing through a ten thousand gallon bath of oils and sacrament, binary chanting to the Omnissiah reaching a fever pitch as the notification went out through the noosphere.<br/>
<br/>
Derillion, Archmagos Veneratus of the Machine Cult of the Forge World Zerann, no longer possessed an organic mouth with which to express their thoughts. No disgusting flapping hunk of meat was required for their words to be communicated. Their mechadendrites, however, did curl and twitch with eager malice as the long calculus concluded. The targeting solutions had been found. The time was now, and without the bombastic calls of fleshbags, only the cold efficiency of the machine, was the order given out with less than a picosecond of delay. Across the fleets of Forge World Zerann and Aerus, both old, one reborn a scant few years ago, a series of nova cannons awoke. Thrumming with energy, firing in unison, payloads of absolute devastation were flung into the far distance at incredible speed. Each and every one impacted its target within a margin of a hundred meters of distance, an astonishing level of accuracy for ships with lengths in kilometers at a distance with so many hulks of dead vessels in the way.<br/>
<br/>
In that instant, the end result was just as the math predicted: zero combat-viable ships remaining.<br/>
<br/>
Glory and hallowed be the Omnissiah and the Motive Force.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================================<br/>​</div>It took another day before the tech-priests were satisfied, a day of launching endless boarding parties of both skitarii and astartes to scour the ships of the enemy to fully cleanse them. Unlike other times in the past, there would be no salvaging these ships. They had not been corrupted by the touch of Chaos, but rather had been forged in the heart of it, on daemonic and accursed Forge Worlds. From their very foundations, their keels to their guns to the wiring throughout, the ships of the Dark Mechanicus had been soaked in the corrupting influence of the Warp in far too many horrific ways and rituals. Daemons had been fused with certain portions of their machinery, their existences beyond redemption. As such, each of their hulks was destroyed piece by piece, blow by blow, the remainder blown and scattered away from the great bounty of the <i>Cerulean Vault</i>. Over a hundred thousand skitarii were deployed to the rogue planet, scouring it further, finding almost no sign of the Dark Eldar save for a few remaining mass graves and weapons left behind as they evidently evacuated some time in the past. Beacons were set up, grand ones, to ensure that the Mechanicus could return at any time they wished. The ghosts were already growing more and more faint, many rituals of purification and consecration performed by the ships of Zerann and Aerus. Vast trails of promethium and blessed oils, hundreds of thousands of gallons of it, were used to paint vast ritualistic symbols through the nebula, cleansing the hulks to the best effort of the tech-priests. The Blood Ravens, of course, were on hand to impress the importance of fully dying to those few ghostly entities that denied said rituals. Whether by binary prayer or melta bombs and bombardment cannons, the dead would rest one way or another.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did the salvaging effort truly begin, as well as a more in-depth investigation of those same ghosts who had so violently reacted to the arrival of their ships. It took all of a few hours for a sobering truth to be revealed to all present. For scans could be made of the ship which rammed the Aerus cruiser and broke it apart. Of the mine laying ships, and more specifically their origins thanks to their rareness and age. The strike craft that had flown without pilots, of the torpedoes that had been but duds, these were taken in and examined in person by the tech-priests. There were no major signs of corruption discernable on the ships, either by the tech-priests or by the Librarians of the Blood Ravens, and yet there did not need to be.<br/>
<br/>
"This is a grave born of the Horus Heresy," the Archmagos Veneratus declared, their voice as flat and emotionless as ever, the words washing over the assembled Blood Raven leadership like a freezing wind.<br/>
<br/>
Across the strategium of the battle barge, serfs shivered as the words were spoken aloud.<br/>
<br/>
"The confusion and grief of these machine-spirits is now understandable. Their outrage, their pain, forced to battle against those whose berths they had been laid alongside in the forges of Mars and beyond," Derillion continued.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens bowed their heads in unison, allowing a moment of solemnity to pass as they contemplated the shattering of the Emperor's dream. The ending of the Great Crusade. The death of Primarchs, the corruption of so much of humanity, and the beginning of the Long War which continued to the modern day. Of the promises of that era, lost and burnt in the ashes of traitors and heretics. The holographic projection of Derillion did the same, the twitching of their mechadendrites stilled entirely. They too had suffered greatly in the splitting of the Mechanicus, and now after having combatted those same heretics they could now fully behold the grave for what it was, what it meant.<br/>
<br/>
"Do we know what souls lay in rest here?" Gabriel asked softly.<br/>
<br/>
"Preliminary investigations show that these came from two separate expeditionary fleets, designations unknown, who both sought to use the nebula as an anchorage point to make maneuvers onto enemy territory with impunity," Derillion said, shaking their head slightly. "A secret location, yet in an era when sharing such information was more…common," they say with distaste, "They ended up colliding with one another here."<br/>
<br/>
"I see," Gabriel sighed.<br/>
<br/>
"Our work here is now even more important than imagined, for there may well be secrets of that lost time just waiting to be rediscovered and recovered," Derillion insisted. "Yet more revenant ships may remain."<br/>
<br/>
"The Blood Ravens are committed to this course, Archmagos Veneratus, worry not," Gabriel said calmly. "We shall remain to aid you yet."<br/>
<br/>
<b>Cerulean Tomb Confirmed As Horus Heresy Ship Grave, Aerus Fleet Suffers Notable Losses, Zerann Fleet and Blood Raven Fleet Suffered None. Total Eradication Of Dark Mechanicus Fleet. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================<br/>​</div>Cyrus grunted wordlessly as he looked over the battered and bloody survivors of the Blood Trials.<br/>
<br/>
The ring they had fought in was not like that of those on Calderis, places of history and sacred shedding of blood in testing. It was not the arenas of Typhon, burnt and blasted to cinder and ash and less. It was not the twice-burned and twice-destroyed places of Cyrene, nor the corrupt frozen landscapes of Aurelia. It was a place of heat and magma and harsh edges, a side chamber of a manufacturing plant which made ready use of geothermal power. Molten metal washed like a lake next to them all, providing near suffocating heat. He could not have brought himself to the level of gross acceptance of before, not now, even with the threat barreling down at them. Once had been enough, and it had torn at him. He'd been surprised, something that was rare these days, at the competence of the survivors who had fought against the tyranids. He'd found himself surprised once more with this recent crop of recruits. Here, covered in grime and blood and soot, it was impossible to tell which of them were from the underhive, which of them were from the spires, which had so-called noble blood and those who had that of the sewers. All had been tested, of course, by the apothecarium, genetics and physicality requiring utmost purity despite whatever circumstances of their lives. Unlike before, he had not elected to substitute the true Blood Trials with full combat against a tyranid swarm.<br/>
<br/>
Time would tell, however, whether these newest recruits would survive.<br/>
<br/>
<b>73 Aspirants Recruited On Meridian / 5 Psyker Aspirants</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================================<br/>​</div>"IN HIS NAME IN HIS NAME IN HIS NAME!"<br/>
<br/>
The resounding shout through a thousand phlegm and vomit-slick throats was in perfect droning unison as the mob slowly lurched its way upwards out of the Underhive. But no sooner did they reach the threshold than the front ranks began to collapse backwards. A firing line of bolters boomed in their own steady unison, with a cry all their own as well. The Litany of Fury, the Litany of Hate, the Litany of Spite, the Litany of Contempt, these and more were all chanted out by the battle brothers of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. Many of the mind-blasted ranks of the hivers were growing more resilient with each passing day, packing on diseased muscle and green fat webbing throughout their bodies, but it was not enough to withstand steady bolter fire. The handful amongst their number that had truly been overtaken by Nerglish Rot, half-daemon by that point, were put down by those further back wielding sniper rifles.<br/>
<br/>
"Sewer gates sealed; the area is isolated. Release and burn."<br/>
<br/>
An entire river of promethium was released into a cult meeting deep within the sewers. A foreman who had preached for months about giving into despair and pain, of finding salvation through it, of finding joy through death, gurgled along with his congregation in surprise and pain before the promethium was set aflame. Ten thousand died in less than a minute, many of them from the force of the promethium striking them before the fires were even set. The sacred chosen of the Cult, those who had become most horrifically mutated and transformed by Nurgle's gifts, were those that needed to be burnt the most.<br/>
<br/>
"Talon-5 here, it's confirmed. Colonel Franc has just revealed his mutation. The symbol of the foe is carved upon his chest, and is currently weeping multi-colored pus."<br/>
<br/>
"Understood. Eradicate."<br/>
<br/>
Spire Donnus, one of the lower-level spires of the Hive, was beholden to a brief display of rather intense pyrotechnics that year. In fact, the same was going on all across the whole hive, across multiple spires. It had been organized by the beneficent Governor, it was said ad nauseam, for a truly memorable Candlemas. To show the people of Meridian that there was much good in their service to the Imperium, to the God-Emperor. The church bells rang out in joy, food rations were doubled, and conscription standards were vastly lowered for the following week for all those who were possessed of sufficient fervor. There would be much opportunity for advancement, indeed, as another founding of regiments had been called. Many amongst the PDF were even being promoted, and that was why they would no longer be serving upon Meridian itself. Save for the fact that said officers were being promoted to death by the hands of the Blood Ravens to remove their corruption both fiscal and religious from the PDF, it was all even true.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Major Cultist Reduction On Meridian, PDF Ranks Cleansed Of Cultist Corruption, Regular Corruption. 73 Aspirants -&gt; 49 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] / 5 Psyker Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Require Implantation. Implanting = 49 Neophytes 2nd Stage -&gt; 49 Scouts [1st Stage] / 5 Psyker Neophytes 2nd Stage -&gt; 5 Lexicanum. 145 Scouts [2nd Stage] -&gt; 145 Battle Brothers Awaiting Assignment. 359 Scouts [1st Stage] -&gt; 359 Scouts [2nd Stage].</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================================<br/>​</div>The home worlds of the Kra Empire burned. Their holy grasslands, where their ancestors had once roamed in millennia past, were now scorched ruins. The Cairn Mountains, where the honored dead were buried, had been shattered by orbital bombardments, months of artillery fire, and the inexorable advance of the Legio Vindicatia and Legio Mortidan. The greatest examples of Kra sciences, their proudest achievements, had been rendered to scrap metal and ashen ruin, along with every single one of their cities. The pinnacle of Kra warfare, newly unleashed for the first time for this first glorious war of conquest against the weak two-legs, xenos-built titans, had failed. They had not even been granted the honor of testing hooves against the supposedly inferior two-leg versions, and had instead been brought low by those bearing the black and red raven. Their fleets were shattered ruins, pushed downwards onto the worlds they had so desperately defended to become kinetic strike weapons against their people. Every single evacuation ship that had launched had been destroyed, whether by anti-aircraft weapons and strike craft while within the atmosphere or by the guns of the Imperial ships waiting above. Kra matrons no longer tried to take their herd-calves to safety out of the cities, for there was no safety to be had in the burning once-grasslands or shattered mountains. Kra champions sang their death songs as heartily as they could, their power armors growing strained and breaking from prolonged continual combat beyond any of the war sagas that had been performed in the past. Every planetary void shield's reactor complex had been destroyed, whether by skitarii rangers, inserted tech-priest Myrmidon teams, or by the unyielding Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
No more did the Kra sing of glory, of victory, of conquest and expanding the Great Herd across the stars. No more did their foundries thrum with flame and ore, no more were the maker caste crafting masterpieces of technology whilst respecting the ancient ways with every step. The skies, beautiful and purple, were now red and black, choked with clouds of smog and ash from the grave pits where tens of millions of Kra dead were steadily shoveled to oblivion by skitarii and blocky machines of the Adeptus Mechanicus. The High Chieftain and the Council of Winds, the fifteen most prominent leaders of the entire Kra race, the entire Kra Empire, were gone. They could not sing out to the people any longer. Most assumed them dead, many could not muster the energy to do even that much, to do more than imagine and focus on trying to live just one more day. Even more no longer did even that much, and by the time that the literal millions of skitarii marching across their worlds reached them, they met their destroyers not with defiance or death songs but with blank stares and silence. Neither approach would avail them, in the end, with the greatest consternation behind the killing being held by the unfortunate tech-priests relegated to clerical work, tallying how many power cells had been exhausted, how many missiles were used, how much fuel was expended both in powering holy war machines and burning the bodies of the living and dead xenos.<br/>
<br/>
Brother-Captain Macharius Sicarius watched it all and then turned away, letting the flames of a now dying race halo his red armor. Before him stood an enormous amount of metal and weaponry, the Fabricator-General of Forge World Amasca a true hulk of technology. If anything, Fabricator-General Phi-F00-1 looked closer to a Kastelan war robot than anything else, though they possessed three more arms and an entire swarm of mechadendrites. They loomed over him, yet there was no malice in it, merely height. Around them were several other highly placed tech-priests of Forge World Amasca, for the insult done to their home world and to the Omnissiah demanded their personal attentions to the Kra. For it was Amasca that had been lost, looted, and they who had been forced into the depths to fight a gurilla war before the rest of the Adeptus Mechanicus could send them aid.<br/>
<br/>
"Blood Raven contributions towards accomplishing vengeance for Forge World Amasca are worthy of recompense and reward," Phi-F00-1 stated, their words an androgynous and metallic tumble of words. "All estimations point towards damage to the Titans <i>Damascus Inviolata</i> and <i>Mortis Irae Metallica</i> becoming untenable without Blood Raven intervention and destruction of foul xenos titans."<br/>
<br/>
"The 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company could not simply stand aside and watch," Macharius responded calmly, "We are glad to have preserved the god-machines, though I regret we did not do so earlier."<br/>
<br/>
"The pride of the princeps in refusing your aid will be seen to," the Fabricator-General said as they ponderously shook their head, "The titans shall be repaired, restored, rather than recovered from death. As to the leader of the strike team, our appreciation must be extended, their sacrifice was great."<br/>
<br/>
The Brother-Captain of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company chuckled.<br/>
<br/>
"I will make sure to inform brother Hannibal as soon as he is awoken from his suspended animation and his surgeries are completed by the Master of the Apothecarion."<br/>
<br/>
The Fabricator-General no longer possessed eyelids, but there was a strange silence punctuated by the clicking and whirring of their various visual sensors and cameras.<br/>
<br/>
"I was informed that the killing acts were done by delivering melta explosives into their inner reactors by hand."<br/>
<br/>
Macharius nodded.<br/>
<br/>
"Correct."<br/>
<br/>
"The explosion yields which resulted ensured that the northwestern continent was impassible for all organic beings and organic tissues, a state which continues to be present now from radiation and toxin spreads."<br/>
<br/>
"Correct," Macharius nodded again before blinking. "Ah, yes. Brother Hannibal and his teams carried with them teleporter beacons as well. They were pulled out just as the explosives went off."<br/>
<br/>
"I…then he yet lives?"<br/>
<br/>
"He had forth degree burns across two thirds of his body, but yes," Macharius smiled, though it looked somewhat off to the Fabricator-General, though they were long enough distant from flesh that they were not entirely certain why. "As I said, the Master of the Apothecarion is seeing to him."<br/>
<br/>
"I see," the Fabricator-General lied. "Nevertheless, calculations prove that the Blood Ravens have had a non-negligible effect on the success of the campaign and preservation of holy creations of the Omnissiah. Recompense must be made."<br/>
<br/>
"Forge World Amascus was only just recovered," Macharius deferred, shaking his head and cutting his hand through the air, "We could not ask you to expend yet more of your strength. Better for you to repair what you can yet, now that the Kra's threat is ended."<br/>
<br/>
The Fabricator-General was silent once more.<br/>
<br/>
"This implies that there is something which requires the strength of the Blood Ravens mightily indeed."<br/>
<br/>
The Brother-Captain pursed his lips and then sighed. It burned deep in his chest, despite the fact that they had only just a few weeks ago intervened to save a Warhound and Warlord titan from their princeps' own pride. But he remembered the words of the Chapter Master, all of the Blood Ravens did as they were sent out on their missions. As such, he revealed the impending threat to the Subsector Aurelia and greater Korianis Sector. The Fabricator-General did not interrupt, and in fact barely asked questions before some other matters called them away. It was not until the very last of the Kra was dead and thrown into the burning pits to reduce the bones of their living, their dead, and even those buried before the Imperium arrived above their worlds. There would be utterly nothing left of the Kra save for their entries in the records of the Imperium and the Adeptus Mechanicus.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did the calculus of deed and reward come to fruition. It was a minor thing, for the most part, as the truth was that the Mechanicus of the Larsa Sector had greatly exhausted themselves in their violent effort to exterminate the Kra race for the insult of their incursion. Still, when the operations finally ended and the first mineral surveyors and astropathic choirs were being set up for what would be strip mining colonies had arrived, so too came a promissory note from the Fabricator-General. Because the ships of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company had been thoroughly scanned and examined by the Mechanicus, it was part and parcel of flying ships amongst fleets of multiple Forge Worlds. A certain dearth had been noted, and while it could not be fully filled, their deeds were technically worth something going by the math of the tech-priests.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Kra Empire Ended, Kra Race Exterminated, Mechanicus Forces Grateful For Aid. Blood Raven Deeds During Operations Were Considered Reward-Worthy. 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Fleet Gains 8 Thunderhawk Gunships For Howling Hatred, 4 Thunderhawk Gunships For Ravenous Spirit.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================<br/>
<br/>
<br/>​</div>"BURN IN THE GLORY OF THE EMPEROR!"<br/>
<br/>
All twelve of the immolator tanks on the field ground to a halt, their treads coated in alien viscera so thick that it would take hours of servitor work to clear them again and began to spin their turrets about. Holy, blessed fire, so hot that it was outright white and blue, spilled outwards into the onrushing tyranid horde. A trio of lictors leapt atop one of the tanks, piercing through the hull of the tank, but before they could actually hit the sister within they were brought low by a burst of bolter fire. High above, the Ebon Claws flew on their startlingly quiet jetpacks, keeping an eye on the rest of the advance. Around the sides of the burning wedge which had pushed deep into the nest, the Blood Ravens of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company advanced alongside the rest of the Sisters of Battle deployed to the combat zone. Save for the fact that the power armor of the Sororitas was specifically molded to shout out the Ministorum's adherence to the Decree Passive, by this point the amount of alien gore splattered across them all made it difficult to tell who was who. It was only further emphasized by the fact that both the Blood Ravens and the Order of the Lost Rosetta both cleaved towards a black and red coloration, gallons of tyranid blood and pounds of tyranid splattered bodies. Ambushes were pre-ambushed. Buried hordes were burnt and shot apart before they could gain too much momentum.<br/>
<br/>
A battle brother was overwhelmed and thrown to the ground by a group of hormagaunts, but before the beasts could begin the actual killing, a pair of sisters wielding multi-meltas outright vaporized them while avoiding hitting the Blood Raven. When a group of sisters were cut off as a number of raveners burst up from below, it was a group of Blood Raven assault marines who arced up and then right back down, boots and chainswords first, to save them. When tyranid fliers began to rise up and try to knock the Ebon Claws from the skies, heavy bolters boomed out in unison from both Blood Raven and Lost Rosetta squads. A duo of zoanthropes lashed out with disgusting alien light, flipping an immolator tank upside down and nearly killing its crew, but before they could do more they were skewered and cut apart by Ebon Claw power swords, the space marines taking them out at high speed while redlining their jump packs.<br/>
<br/>
They fought in unison.<br/>
<br/>
It may have taken until the final nest located by the stringent efforts of the Ordos Xenos and their sanctioned psykers, the mysterious emanations which were later discovered to be strange beacons left behind by what had to have been Eldar to reveal hidden, and the work of the Blood Ravens's own Librarians and lore. They had certainly fought alongside each other for the years of deployment. But there had been a rather immense amount of friction, at least between the Blood Ravens and the sisters of the Lost Rosetta. They had fought alongside the Ordos Xenos, the Imperial Guard, and certain deployments of the Mechanicus, but nowhere was there more issue than between the two groups from the Korianis Sector. Thankfully, time and again, the cool temperament and shockingly humble nature of Tarkus Varianus, Brother-Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, saw a swift end to argument, to questioning, to threats and accusations. As was his wont, he weathered the fiery words of the sisters just as he would barrages of enemy weapons fire and made a slow grinding advance through logic and calm response.<br/>
<br/>
Here, now, as the last of the major tyranid synapse forms in the whole of the Helba Sector died, their last major nest burnt and vaporized beyond a single cell, the work had paid off, they fought as one. In unison. Callouts and words of warning were heeded by all, and the pace of combat that could only be sustained by ones such as they. When one stumbled, another helped them stand, regardless of the banners that they personally flew, for all served the Emperor. Prioris Pattern Exorcist artillery tanks were located directly next to Blood Raven and Ebon Claw Whirlwinds, accepting targeting coordinates as a group. In the upper skies above, against heavier tyranid flying bio-forms, thunderhawks flew alongside lightning fighters. The chants and prayers of the Sisters of Battle were joined by the bellowed litanies of the chaplains.<br/>
<br/>
They fought as one.<br/>
<br/>
The last hive tyrant rose to defend its nest, and died at the hand of the Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum, Chapter Master Manin of the Ebon Claws, and Captain Tarkus of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company of the Blood Ravens. It was atop its smoking and torn apart corpse, their combined force seeing to the eradication of the now feral tyranids of the soon-to-be destroyed nest, that they truly paused for the first time since beginning the cleansing effort years ago. The three regarded one another, or perhaps more accurately Chapter Master Manin watched, bemused, as Captain Tarkus and Canoness Superior Margaret regarded one another. Her entire body still trembled and shook with adrenaline, but she bore her helmet due to the sheer amount of poisonous gasses and acids being thrown about by the enemy, so it was impossible to tell her expression.<br/>
<br/>
"You fought well, Canoness," Tarkus said after a moment. "The final blow was well struck."<br/>
<br/>
It had the benefit of being entirely true. The Canoness seemingly supercharged her gauntlet, the power field's eruption as she slammed her fist into the hive tyrant's throat blowing the entire head off. In response, however, the Canoness simply grunted and nodded, looking away.<br/>
<br/>
"A good battle, but it will be yet many years more before we can truly declare the Sector cleansed of the tyranids," Manin spoke up, holding up and examining his crackling lightning claws close to his face. "I welcome your aid, Captain Tarkus, but…," he lowered the lightning claw and sighed. "I cannot aid you in your upcoming struggle."<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
"I could not ask that of you, not when your home is still so infested and your chapter so reduced, Manin," he said.<br/>
<br/>
"It still brings shame to us that you have aided us twice, and we cannot yet repay the favor," Manin growled, clenching and unclenching his fists. "We are…weak, weaker than we ever have been before."<br/>
<br/>
"There will come a time, perhaps," Tarkus smiled, though it could not be seen beneath his helmet. "It just won't be right now."<br/>
<br/>
"And what of us, then?" the Canoness crossed her arms.<br/>
<br/>
"That is up to you and the Emperor, my lady," Tarkus shrugged ever so slightly in his armor. "You both know of the threat that he may pose should he be released, of what he may be bringing forth to aid him in such. But, as Chapter Master Manin said," he gestured out across the burnt mountain valleys around them, "There is much work to be done here, and elsewhere. The Blood Ravens will stand their ground, but we would welcome your aid if it could be given."<br/>
<br/>
The Canoness was silent for a moment before snorting.<br/>
<br/>
"The daemon is a threat to the Korianis Sector, not just the Subsector Aurelia. We cannot allow its release."<br/>
<br/>
And that, it seemed, was that.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Relations Change<br/>
- Chapter Master Manin of the Ebon Claws: Good -&gt; Good[+]<br/>
- Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum of the Lost Rosetta: Neutral</b><br/>
<br/>
<b>All Major Synapse Bioforms Eradicated In Helba Sector, Cleansing Efforts Will Still Be Required For Years Yet, But No Longer Require Significant Military Effort. Lost Rosetta Will Aid Against Ulkair. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================<br/>
<br/>
<br/>​</div>It wasn't even what they were looking for, at first. They needed records, and so sought them out. The idea put forth by the Chapter Master was to spread such information to various organizations throughout the Sector about how to prepare for the potential comings of this servant of Nurgle. Afflictions and diseases favored demanded preparation and stockpiling of medicines and more. It was a war fought in the veins, through capsule and needle, through injection and centrifuge, rather than bolter and grenade. An admirable effort, of course, but it became more quite unexpectedly. Delving into the records as deeply as could be done, some of the Blood Ravens lost themselves in the search, their purpose drifting towards simple scouring of the information available.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens, for better or for worse, had always been devoted to the pursuit of knowledge. To further their capabilities against their enemies. To seek out information on the Unknown Primarch, on their very origins, a mystery and shame without compare throughout the history of the Chapter. Such was their devotion to it that tomes and secrets had fallen into their hands, into their repositories of knowledge, which would be deemed by some as heretical to even know about much less possess. At some points in their history, they had been able to bargain with that knowledge with others. At others, they had worked quite hard to prevent the Chapter's destruction at the hands of particularly Puritan members of the Inquisition, ambitious agents of the Ecclesiarchy, and so on. At the moment, however, they dove deep into their records, for it was near unheard of for the Chapter to ever forget a foe once entered into their records. Or at least, so it was said. That a corrupted brother, fallen to Chaos, had been Chapter Master but more importantly Chief Librarian was a definite worry.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Records Research: 95<br/>
Sabotage of Kyras: 88</b><br/>
<br/>
To the great fury and shame of the Librarians of the Blood Ravens, they found yet one last example of the venom and ruin that Azariah Kyras had pressed into the Chapter's heart. Records speaking of Ulkair had been vastly reduced, purged, from the Chapter archives. A dagger plunged into the honor of the Librarius, of whose ranks had been so carefully pruned until the final purge came when the Civil War began in earnest. Yet, within that dark contemplation, that time of tossing tomes aside and frantically digging through scrolls, there came a dim glimmer of hope. Deep, deep within the <i>Omnis Arcanum, </i>within the Ultima Librarium Sanctorum, a clue had been left behind. One located by none other than the once-eyeless Nero Achillian, Epistolary of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. For he saw with sight beyond sight, the ghostly words left behind on the echoes of scrolls that no longer existed. From there, he pursued the trail left behind, the sheer significance behind the records left behind by none other than the legendary martyr of the Chapter, Azariah Moriah. Though his student, Kyras, was not yet fallen at that time, the wise Chief Librarian of the time had known that even if they succeeded in defeating Ulkair at Aurelia, that his threat would not be permanently ended. His certainty in this, then, was just what was needed. The clues led elsewhere. All the way to another ship in fact, something found only after the Blood Ravens came together as a Chapter once more after years of separated operation. Upon the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, deep within the chamber where the psychic beacon lay, almost impossible to discover in any other circumstance, was a secret compartment. How long it had been there, it was impossible to say. All those Librarians who had passed through the <i>Litany</i> and been near the beacon in the past had not discovered it, or at least none of those currently living. Yet Epistolary Nero had found it, following the clues left behind by Azariah Moriah. A simple press of the hand, a drop of blood, and intense focus to reveal and then unlock something locked solely with the power of the mind and soul, otherwise impossible to discover much less unlock with flesh or metal. There, within, lay a wonder.<br/>
<br/>
A single scroll, a piece of vellum caked in power, layered with wards of secrecy, of preservation, of power. Upon it? Words, penned in the very blood of its author, Azariah Moriah himself. A ritual, devised and prepared in desperation for the first coming of Ulkair had been a shock to the Subsector and Chapter. Even Kyras, driven mad and corrupted as he later was, had been witness to it. All other Librarians who had participated in the unexpected conflict had died; the knowledge lost to all but one who would never see reason to perform it again. After all, it was prepared and meant solely for a single entity, no others. In that specificity, in that precision, it was both potent and powerless, should one attempt to turn it upon another target. It had been well hidden, incredibly so, with almost all other clues to Ulkair lost by the hand of Kyras.<br/>
<br/>
But not this one.<br/>
<br/>
For indeed, though they had changed their war cry, their chapter call, there remained a truth that all Blood Ravens acknowledged still.<br/>
<br/>
Knowledge. Is. Power.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Binding of Ulkair Ritual rediscovered! Penned By Chapter Master and Chief Librarian Azariah Moriah, this ritual was built to bind the powerful Greater Daemon Ulkair into a vessel and restrain his influence utterly. In the past, it was used to bind Ulkair into the planet Aurelia, and though the planet was lost to the Warp for a thousand years, it was not until the bindings themselves were actively assaulted by the Black Legion that Ulkair was once more capable of influencing the outside world. Should Ulkair manage to be released from the shattered and weakening prison of Aurelia, a successful enactment of this ritual could seal him once more into another world, one which could be once more watched over and waited for – with proper record keeping this time around, rather than somewhat forgotten like Aurelia. Records on past afflictions and other techniques, methods, and tactics destroyed long ago by Kyras, but medical stockpiles prepared by many nonetheless. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================<br/>
<br/>
<br/>​</div>The call went out. The passage of Araghast the Pillager had not been unnoticed by the rest of the Korianis Sector. At the time, many had had their suspicions, and the later Civil War between the Blood Ravens had only confirmed such things. Still, in the years since, the Blood Ravens had fought hard to re-establish themselves, not only in numbers but in soul and in regard. The rest of the Korianis Sector watched as they threw themselves headlong into many fights over, and mutterings were had due to their approval by the Inquisition as pure. Purified through struggle, through the shedding of the blood of the xeno and the unclean. They had fought alongside the Imperial Guard and Imperial Navy, and the character of Chapter Master Angelos was somewhat well known by this point. The marine who had willingly consigned Cyrene, his birth world, to the flame for the crimes of heresy. Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, it was murmured, the Blood Ravens truly were now purified. It was not, after all, as if space marines had not fallen before, that regiments and fleets of the Imperial military had been corrupted, and yet others still fought on. They even managed to fight alongside the Order of the Lost Rosetta, that notoriously aggressive, violent, and especially fervent Ordo Minoris of the Adepta Sororitas. Scribes trawled the stacks, expeditions braved the literal mountains and valleys of information gathered up by the Administratum, and then made compact and debate with the Ecclesiarchy when it turned out that only they had been allowed to bear records that actually possessed the name of the Greater Daemon in protected holy vaults lest the knowledge be allowed to fester and rot the very air around it elsewhere.<br/>
<br/>
The call went out, co-signed by Governor Derosa of Meridian, and further by the Governor of Calderis, for it was their worlds that were in the most immediate danger. To be sure, there was much suspicion and concern about the Blood Ravens, even now. For if the traitor Kyras had truly fallen to Chaos for so many centuries, that was as many years of a Chapter being led by the Dark Gods in some measure or another. Could they possibly be truly pure now? Redeemed? The Inquisition had judged them so, and they had performed ably since in their capacity as the Emperor's Angels of Death, and yet suspicion remained. It would, quite likely, remain forever in some measure or another. Such was the way of the Imperium.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Sector Command: 54<br/>
Scarlet Lions: 69<br/>
Inquisitor Adrastia: 70<br/>
Forge World Aerus: 15<br/>
Forge World Zerann: 25 [OVERRIDEN BY MAJOR FAVOR USAGE]<br/>
Knightly Houses of Trontiux II: 97<br/>
Rogue Trader Tarquindil: 34</b><br/>
<br/>
But so too was the way of the Imperium to honor its oaths, its bonds forged in the fires of war.<br/>
<br/>
First, surprisingly, was the Knightly Houses of Trontiux II. Long-time allies of the Blood Ravens, the Chapter having rushed to aid their world when it was in danger of falling entirely, they had not fought alongside one another since. That, it came to be, would change. For the knights would march in the defense of the Blood Ravens, in the defense of the Subsector, of the Korianis Sector itself. How many, it was asked. All, it was answered. King Myrlen, of the House Myrlen, would lead the totality of Trontiux II's knights forth to war once more. The king declared via astropath that when the servants of Ulkair, of Nurgle arrived, they would face the knights of Trontiux II, and then they would die. When last the Blood Ravens had seen them, they had been shattered, exhausted, broken. They had long since repaired and rearmed, and though they were a minor Knight World compared to the greater examples elsewhere in the Imperium, their strength was not to be dismissed by anyone.<br/>
<br/>
Then came a simple confirmation from Inquisitor Adrastia. The friend of the Chapter Master, the one who had come to him in his darkest time, who was the end of Cyrene through his confession of what he had discovered there, the one ally in the Inquisition who was absolutely most directly responsible for the Chapter's continued existence through her approval. She sent word, curt though it was, that she herself had unfinished business with the Greater Daemon, for it was the daemons machinations which had brought Araghast the Pillager and Eliphas the Inheritor to Subsector Aurelia in the first place. Though they had recently fought to capture Vandis, and the death of Merrick had caused a psychic breakthrough in her which required the Inquisitor's psyker rating to be raised, in the years since she had recovered. All throughout which she had performed her duties as required. Beyond that, even, as it turned out. Because the next message came from those with whom she had most recently been working with, apparently coming together quite simply because of their shared friendship with the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
The astropath had struggled to properly communicate the bombastic nature of the Scarlet Lions, but their message came through. When last the Blood Ravens had encountered them, there was much worry that the Alpha Legion had further infiltrated their Chapter, had corrupted more thanks to their generally diffuse recruiting practices. Who better, then, than Inquisitor Adrastia to aid Captain Bartorius and Captain Kallek in investigating the rest of their Chapter? Though it was unfortunate that, apparently, one more company of the Chapter had proven corrupted, the majority of the Scarlet Lions was yet pure. Having felt the touch of Chaos upon their souls, they were eager to take bloody recompense in as many ways as possible. Though portions of their Chapter were still dedicated to their own conflicts, bound by honor and deed, some of the Lions of lost Lemnos would not allow their allies to fight the daemon and its servants without them.<br/>
<br/>
As for Forge World Zerann, they were largely focused on looking over their bounty from the nebula, refreshing their troops and ships, but the Blood Ravens called to receive what they were owed. The Fabricator-General accepted the terms of the exchange, and promised that aid would come, and not in the form of fire ships like the last time. Active aid, in fact, for in truth Angel Forge and the ancient teleportariums and other examples of technology in Subsector Aurelia were definitely worth protecting. Cold logic, cold reasoning, but so long as the math worked out to have the Adeptus Mechanicus send aid, the Blood Ravens would accept it. What form it would take, however, was not yet entirely known.<br/>
<br/>
Such was the extent of the good news.<br/>
<br/>
Sector Command was not unaware of the threat, especially as to what it could represent if Ulkair was able to escape Subsector Aurelia. At the same time, however, they had been actively seeking out combat beyond the borders of the Sector. Much of the Sector's ships had been lost or tremendously damaged in the failed attempt to quell the Saharduin and the ensuing chaos as greenskins and Dark Eldar arrived. Even more had been lost in the taking of the traitorous governor Vandis. They, quite simply, did not possess the ships to spare. The routes between the Sector's worlds still needed protection. The most vital worlds across the Korianis Sector required ships to guard them at all times, especially if it was true that there would an incursion coming. Even more of its Imperial Guard had been savaged in other conflicts and required much replenishment yet. Still, they marshalled what they could, and with significant lobbying from Governor Derosa, acquiesced to the return and redeployment of all Meridian regiments from a dozen battlefields, allowing them the chance to fight for and defend their homeworld.<br/>
<br/>
Such was the extent of the middling news.<br/>
<br/>
Forge World Aerus would be sending nothing, for they had nothing to give. Their fleet, damaged in the fighting within the <i>Cerulean Tomb</i>, was all they had left. The massive fleet they had sent into the Halo Stars had encountered not an STC, nor anything good of the Dark Age of Technology. They had come across abominations of the past, instead. What was known was that a single Ark Mechanicus had returned, badly damaged with less than a tenth of its crew remaining, and no others. Living nightmares of the Old Night had been waiting for them, and they had taken their due. The Forge World barely had a fleet left to its name, its millions of skitarii reduced immensely, and it was all they could do to guard their own now incredibly vulnerable world. Fabricator-General Theodosia sent her regrets, but they quite simply had been so badly savaged in the pursuit of the Quest of Knowledge that losing almost anything more could break them.<br/>
<br/>
The Tarquindil Dynasty of Rogue Traders, as it turned out, were similarly engaged. Though the Blood Ravens were aware that the Dynasty had essentially been coopted by the Ordos Xenos, that did not mean that the Rogue Traders were not engaged in their own stereotypical works as well. The fleets were already busy colonizing worlds both empty and occupied by aliens and had in fact contributed a considerable amount of their standing forces to aiding the Deathwatch. It was, Chief Librarian Justinius said sardonically upon receiving the astropath's message, as if they had a direct line of knowledge as to crisis areas of xenos incursions across the Imperium and seemed to have some sort of incentive to intervene. Other efforts were being put forth at staking claims on worlds for resources, looking for resources, and engaging in the 'trade' portion of the name of their station. It was not as if they were actively ignoring the Blood Ravens and their plight, but rather that they were engaged in combat, exploitation, or both against seven separate alien races currently causing trouble to the Imperium. The nominal head of the dynasty sent a fruit basket as an apology, the basket itself being woven not out of wicker but out of gold and adamantium, whereas the Inquisitor Lord Tarquindil sent a more formally worded letter of verbal support against the daemon.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Calls For Aid Sent Out! Entire Knight World of Trontiux II will deploy to aid. Some Scarlet Lion companies on the way. Inquisitor Adrastia will aid the Blood Ravens once more. Forge World Zerann will send aid, type and significance unknown at this time. Forge World Aerus absolutely incapable of aiding anyone at the moment. Tarquindil Dynasty is involved in seven separate wars against xenos races, unable to send any aid. Sector Command resources also exhausted due to multiple campaigns, Saharduin Swells disaster, loss of ships during defeat of Vandis, is marshalling some resources, but specifics uncertain at this time. However, due to Derosa involvement, all Meridian regiments spread across the stars have been recalled to defend their home, significantly adding to Imperial Guard numbers for Subsector Aurelia. </b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================================<br/>
<br/>
<br/>​</div>Gabriel sighed as he reloaded the bolter. All these years, and he hadn't yet fully mastered his new body. The damage sustained in the aftermath of the hunt for Vandis certainly hadn't helped matters. Though he had long switched over to wielding a various kinds of pistol in the past while wielding a melee weapon in his main hand, it would be a poor space marine that did not attempt to excel in every form of combat available to them. Wielding a thunder- or daemonhammer was not an excuse to simply lapse in one's abilities and training. And so he practiced. Carefully, steadily, continually whenever he had a spare moment. He was alone in the training chapel save for Cyrus, though he knew that elsewhere on the battle barge other younger battle brothers and many of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company were being pushed beyond their limits by the Master of Sanctity. To look at the space marine now after much attention from the Master of the Apothecarion, it was impossible to tell that he had taken any wounds while fighting the Kra at all.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ballistic Skill: 164+62+Cyrus(25)=251/500 <br/>
Chapter Advancement: 479+83+Hannibal(20)=500+/500</b><br/>
<br/>
"Have you any further thoughts on replacing the Honor Guard, Chapter Master?" Cyrus asked while quietly causing the servo skulls bearing targets to increase their speed.<br/>
<br/>
"Any of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company could fill their ranks, but as for the portions requiring actual positions, such as Captaincy and so on, there are plenty of veterans known to us already who might fill them," Gabriel grunted as he sighted and fired. "It is simply a matter of selecting them and promoting them to the Honor Guard."<br/>
<br/>
<b>Honor Guard Positions Can Be Filled By Any Of Those Veterans With Requisite Skills, As Present In the Famed Members Post.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Final Decisions To Be Made:</u><br/>
<i>Moratorium 5 Hours</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Honor Guard Promotions, If Any</b><br/>
[] Write-In Members From Famed Members Post For Positions, Non-Positional Honor Guard May Be Any Chapter Veterans<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Leave The Honor Guard Fallow For Now<br/>
<br/>
AND<br/>
<br/>
<b>Promotions, Redistributions, Company Re-Establishment</b><br/>
[] Redistribute some of the 145 Unassigned Battle Brothers To Already Established Companies (Write-In)<br/>
[] Re-Establish A Blood Raven Company (Write-In Must Also Include Captain/Specialists And Number Of Brothers Assigned)<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Retain Unassigned Battle Brothers For Upcoming Conflict Instead Of Promoting To Any Specific Company</div>
  </body>
</html>