<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Relics of the Blood Ravens</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Relics of the Blood Ravens</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><u>Relic List - In Use</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Wisdom</i> - Ancient Power Sword (+1 Fellowship, Unbreakable) <b>Captain Marcus Crixus [1st Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Arrow of Aerus</i> - Relic Graviton Pistol, gifted to the Captain after discovery of the Graviton Cache on Aerus [Special Characteristics: Relic Weapon, Extremely Effective Anti-Armor] <b>Captain Marcus Crixus [1st Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Azariah's Cincture</i> - Blessed belt handed down by Azariah Vidya, the Great Father of the Blood Ravens. (+1 T, +Specially Reduces Melee Damage Dealt To Bearer) <b>Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Deathdealer</i> - Legendary Bolter (Allows Two Ranged Attacks For Bearer Instead of One Per Attack Phase, Reloads Less Often) <b>Captain Tarkus Varianus [5th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Fist of the Furioso</i> - Legendary Dreadnought Claw (+Anti-Daemon Effects, +1 WS, Unbreakable)<b> Entombed Captain Davian Thule [5th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Tomb of Champions</i> - Dreadnought Armor of lost design (+Greater Explosive Damage Resistance, Accuracy Increased) <b>Entombed Captain Davian Thule [5th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Star Thrower</i> - Pre M32 Plasma Cannon (Higher Average Damage, Higher Critical Damage, Reduced Chance of Misfire) <b>Veteran Sergant Macharius Sicarius [1st Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Unseen Demise of the Vain</i> - Prized Sniper Rifle of the 10th Company (+Accuracy, +Range, Reduced Reload Time)<b> Captain Cyrus Octavius [10th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Armor of Azariah</i> - Legendary Terminator Armor Worn By The Great Father Himself (Unsuppressable, Supremely Durable) <b>Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Godsplitter - </i>Ordo Xenos-crafted Relic Daemonhammer (+1 Strength, +Blast Damage, +Anti-Daemon Effects) [Special Characteristics: Master Crafted, Shard of Wailing Doom Weapon Implanted In Weapon] <b>Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Blooded Narthecium</i> - Personalized and modified narthecium by the Blood Raven Master of the Apothecarion Nero Gracchus when he was but an apothecary of the 5th Company. (Additional Damage To Armored Infantry, Improved Gene-Seed Recovery Chances) <b>Master of Apothecarian Nero Gracchus</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Hauberk of Faith</i> - Otherwise normal Power Armor, strangely blessed by the Emperor. (Heightened Resistance To Daemons/Warp) <b>Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Rogal's Fist</i> - Power Mace said to have been forged by the very hands of Rogal Dorn himself. (Extreme Durability, Powerfield Extremely Powerful, +Impact, +Critical) <b>Apollo Diomedes [Bodyguard of Chapter Master]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Gift of the Seraphim</i> - Flamer given to the Chapter by the Order of the Lost Rosetta long ago. (Requires Far Less Fuel, Deals Greater Damage, Flames Last Longer)<b> Sergeant Kaius Jacobus [5th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Pistol of Baal</i> - Bolt Pistol (Lower Crit Requirement For Ranged Rolls) <b>Company Champion Hamul [1st Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Flesh Tearer's Pride</i> - Chainsword named in honor of the Flesh Tearers Chapter (Increased Critical Chance In Melee Combat) <b>Company Champion Hamul [1st Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i><s>Bloodtalon</s></i><s> - Power Sword that was a gift of a Zerann Explorator. (Increased Critical Damage, Extreme-Anti Armor Effects)</s><b> <span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">Shattered By Soulcleaver Of Chaos Lord Mortirex</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Nightshade - </i>Force Staff given as a gift by the Death Spectres Chapter for shared battle against the horrors of the Ghoul Stars. (Reduces Warp Peril Chances Significantly When Using Powers) <b>5th Company Epistolary Damion Tyrin</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Umbral Barding</i> - Relic Power Armor given as a gift by Death Spectres Librarians to Damion Tyrin for aiding the Chapter's Librarians in combating a daemon incursion. (Increases Telepathic Defenses, Boosts Willpower) <b>5th Company Epistolary Damion Tyrin</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>The Hand Of Aggression</i> - Relic Plasma Pistol crafted by Master of the Forge Martellus Ravias, for the hands of Hadrian Priscus, Captain of the 4th Company. (Rapid-fire, Reduced Chance For Catastrophic Failure, Increased Ammo Efficiency For More Shots Before Reload, Boosted Range/Accuracy/Bayonet Fitted)) <b>4th Company Captain Hadrian Priscus</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Thunder Blood</i> - Relic Crozius Arcanum crafted by Master of the Forge Martellus Ravias for the hands of Hannibal Palrun, Master of Sanctity. Such is its size that what is a mace for its wielder would be a two-handed weapon in the hands of any other.  (+Blast, +Advanced Disruption Field) <b>Master Of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Talonstaff of Jonah</i> - Forged in the same vein as the daemonhammer Godsplitter, this Force Staff possesses a fragment of an Ulthwé Avatar of Khaine's Wailing Doom weapon implanted in it, as well as fragments of the Force Staff used by Jonah Orion. It crackles with a deadly energy that is anathema to warpspawn, and seems to carry with it the same unrelenting will of Jonah himself at times. (+1 Toughness, +Miscast Chance Reduction, +Anti-Daemon Effects) [Special Characteristics: Master Crafted, Shard of Ulthwé Avatar Wailing Doom Weapon Implanted In Force Staff] <b>Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Shadow Hunter's Raiment</i> - Cameleoline-integrated high grade armor with accompanying camo-cloak. Contains sound-dampening materials, as well as additional thermal reduction technology for stealth purposes. Integrated targeting links of the armor are specially adapted for integration with Cyrus Octavian's own cybernetics. (+1 Ballistic Skill, +Further Improved Stealth Capabilities) <b>Cyrus Octavius</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Blade of the Martyr</i> - A Force Sword once wielded by Azariah Moriah, a the heroic martyr who sealed away the daemon Ulkair into the planet Aurelia long ago. It still carries a psychic echo of the zeal the powerful Chief Librarian and Chapter Master had to remain standing and fighting despite grievous wounds. (Increases Power Of Defensive Psychic Powers of Librarian Wielder) <b>Codicier Aeneas</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>The Barding of Tarkus</i>: This masterful creation bears the engraved valorous deeds of Captain Tarkus of the Blood Ravens, along with zealous denials of the lies of traitors and madmen. A quirk of its manufacture has somehow further hardened the materials of its make, to the point of conferring greatly improved durability even amongst power armors, while its servos and artificial muscle fibres confer greater strength. Such magnificent armor inspires greater fervor in fellow sons of the Emperor in battle. (+1 Toughness, +1 Strength, Improved Resistance Against Anti-Armor Weaponry) <b>5th Company Captain Tarkus</b></li>
</ul>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Relics Known To Be Held By The Penitent Crusade As Of 009.M42</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Crusade Eternal </i>- Artificer Indominatus-Pattern Terminator Armor (Unsuppressable, +1 WP) <b>Force Commander Aramus [4th Company]</b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ff0000"><b> DESTROYED In Battle Of The Bloody Hill/<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">Used In Relic Forging</span></b></span></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Blessed Cage</i> - Gilded Tartaros-Pattern Terminator Armor, said to have been presented to the foot of the Golden Throne itself. [Anti-Daemon Aura, Unsuppressable]<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b> Used In Relic Forging</b></span></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Shield and Thunder of Lyonis</i> - Thunder Hammer and Storm Shield (Reduces Damage Dealt To Bearer) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">DESTROYED In The Battle Of The Bloody Hill</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Word of the Chapter</i> – Relic Storm Bolter (+Anti-daemon, +Anti-warp, higher average damage) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">Destroyed In 3rd Defense of Kasr Durend</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>The Benediction of Fury</i> – Relic Assault Cannon (Increased average damage, +Anti-xeno damage) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">DESTROYED In 3rd Defense Of Kasr Durend/</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Used In Relic Forging</b></span></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Unrelenting </i>– Relic Assault Cannon (Higher average damage, reduced reload time) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">DESTROYED<b> In 3rd Defense Of Kasr Durend/</b></span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Used In Relic Forging</b></span></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Talon of the Doom Eagle</i> - Plasma Pistol bearing Doom Eagle Chapter heraldry (Rapid Fire, Anti-Armor) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">DESTROYED In Destruction of the <i>Ashen Vindication</i></span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Refrain Of The Crusader</i> - Dreadnought Assault Cannon (Scatter Effect, Higher Average Damage) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">DESTROYED In Defense of Xersia By Greater Daemon of Nurgle</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Sunderhammer </i>- Thunder Hammer (Anti-Daemon Effects, Boosted Anti-Vehicle Effects) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">DESTROYED In Defense of Xersia by Greater Daemon of Nurgle</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Golden Armor of the Custodes</i><b> - </b>Legendary Custodes Armor (+1WS, +1T, Increases Damage and Significantly Reduces Damage Taken) <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 179, 0)">Reclaimed By the Adeptus Custodes</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Relentless Will of the Emperor </i>- Legendary Custodes Bolter <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 179, 0)">Reclaimed By The Adeptus Custodes</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Righteous Inferno</i> - Legendary Custodes Flamer <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 179, 0)">Reclaimed By The Adeptus Custodes</span></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Honored Silence </i>- Sniper Rifle (+Suppressed Fire, Increased Damage) <b>Veteran Scout Sergeant Nereus [10th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Angel of Silence</i> - Scout Armor of the finest make commissioned by Inquisition with targeting links (+1 WS, Increased Stealth) <b>Scout Sergeant Nereus [10th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Growling Hate </i>- Chainsword of Azariah Vidya Himself (+1 WS, +1 W) <b>Veteran Assault Sergeant Thaddeus Rex [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Xenosplitter</i> - Chainsword consecrated by Ordos Xenos and Deathwatch (+1 WS, Additional Damage To Xenos Targets) <b>Veteran Assault Sergeant Thaddeus Rex [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>The Pitiless Lance of Vengeance </i>- Missile Launcher (Faster Than Average Fire, Increased Area Of Effect) <b>Apothecary Adrian Kogal [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Pistol of Terra</i> - Bolt Pistol (Increased Damage To Xenos, Anti-Daemon Effects) <b>Apothecary Adrian Kogal [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Final Absolution of Caliban</i> - Plasma Gun (Increased Area Of Effect, Higher Average Damage, +1 BS) <b>Apothecary Adrian Kogal [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Obsidian Raven</i> – Talisman formed by Azariah Vidya himself from the blood of his enemies. (Vastly increased energy recovery for psykers, reduced chances for perils of the warp)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Coronet of Honor</i> – Relic Iron Halo, forged under the eyes of Azariah Vidya himself. (Increased width of protective field, short recharge time if shield broken) <b>Veteran Assault Sergeant Thaddeus Rex [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Laurels of the Crusader</i> – Relic Iron Halo, gilt in polished adamantium. (Increases armor durability in addition to stronger than average protective energy field) <b>Apothecary Adrian Kogal [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Cleansing Gift of the Inferno</i> – Relic Heavy Flamer, gift of the Salamanders to Captain Tarkus In Times Past (Much higher average damage, higher critical damage, less reload time required)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Unrelenting Fury</i> - Forged from the remains of The Benediction of Fury and Unrelenting, this assault cannon almost seems to hold an irrepressible hatred for the enemies of any who bear it and features an advanced loading and firing system. (Higher Damage, Reduced Reload)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Armor of Faith</i> – Former Chaplain Armor fitted with advanced psychic hood (Integrated psychically activated Rosarius, increased resistance to psychic attacks)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>The Eternal Blessed Cage</i> – Forged from the broken remains of the relic terminator armors known as the <i>Crusade Eternal </i>and the intact relic armor called the <i>Blessed Cage</i> to become greater than the sum of its parts by the hands of the Blood Ravens and Salamanders together. It was later seamlessly integrated with an Iron Halo. (Unsuppressable, +1 WP, +Anti-Daemon Aura, Protective Field) <b>Force Commander Aramus [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Bloody Banner of Aramus</i> – It has been soaked in the blood of penitents, martyrs, and heroes. It survived the Battle of the Bloody Hill and the destruction of the daemonic artifact Forgebreaker. It has been carried across the stars in hard fought last stands, glorious heroic charges, inconceivable defenses, and impossible rescues. It has tasted the hellish rage of a Daemon Primarch, and been hefted high by the Custodes themselves. This constantly rewoven and rebuilt banner flies despite everything the universe has done to destroy it. (+Increased Attack Speed in nearby allies and self, +1 T for nearby allies and self, Anti-Daemonic Aura) <b>Force Commander Aramus [4th Company]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Torch of the Martyr</i> - In life, the Librarian Konan Barbariel was known for his mastery of pyromancy, and remained so even in death. This heavy flamer is one of the only remnants of his that survived the the banishment of Pestilax the Despairer, a Greater Daemon of Nurgle, on the Cardinal World of Xersia. Formerly attached to his dreadnought arm, something in the weapon's internal mechanisms have been altered, resulting in a flame so bright and heated it is nearly akin to that of a melta weapon while burning almost no fuel comparatively. Furthermore, when that blue-white flame touches the unclean, it has proven itself even more effective. [Anti-Daemon, Melta-Effects In Flamer Spread+Reach, Increased Fuel Capacity] <b>Sororitas Allies</b></li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<u>Relic List - In Storage</u><br/>
None<br/>
<br/>
<u>The<i> Sanctorium Arcanum</i></u><br/>
A secret cavernous hemispherical chamber within the battle barge <i>Litany of Fury </i>which contains a powerful choir of priests, mystics and astropaths. These individuals encircle a central altar that is held by a single beam of silver light which pierces from the sky doom at the apex of the massive curving ceiling. Above the altar piece is the <a class="link link--external" href="http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/Beacon_Psykana" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Beacon Psykana</a> which is tended to by the Librarians of the <i>Secret Order of Psykana</i>. The chambers of the Sanctorium are considered unique but pale before the majesty of the Chamber of the Astronomican on Terra. One of the benefits the Blood Ravens possess is that the S<i>anctorium Arcanum</i> is a deeply held secret which has thus far prevented their enemies from assaulting it. The Sanctorium is heavily defended, capable of withstanding assault from both conventional as well as psychic means. It is also a traditional for the remains of a lost Librarian of the <i>Secret Order of Psykana</i> to be placed at the altar of the Sanctorium Arcanum for a hundred days. A special psychically shielded room within these chambers also holds the Psykana Armorium.<br/>
<br/>
- Here, the remains of an Avatar of Khaine summoned by the forces of Biel-Tan under the Farseer Macha, defeated on the world of Tartarus, are stored for study and safekeeping.<br/>
- Here, the remains of Craftworld Ulthwé's Avatar of Khaine, slain on the planet Kronus during the Dark Crusade, are stored for study and safekeeping.<br/>
- Here, the remains of an Avatar of Khaine summoned by the Craftworld Ulthwé, slain by Aramus within the Typhon Arena before the planet's destruction later on, are stored for study and safekeeping.<br/>
- Here, the remains of the Unknown Craftworld buried on Typhon Primaris' Avatar of Khaine, slain by Aramus during the Aurelian Crusades, are stored for study and safekeeping.<br/>
- Here, the remains of the Seer Council of Craftworld Biel-Tan, from weapon, armor, and talismans are stored for study and safekeeping.<br/>
<br/>
<u>The <i>Psykana Armorium</i></u><br/>
Deep within the Litany of Fury, located within a specially shielded chamber inside the Sanctorium Arcanum. A secret armory containing only force weapons, many of which have been procured through the ages by the Blood Raven Librarians during encounters with the Eldar. Whilst some were through victory in combat, it is whispered that some of these weapons were given voluntarily by the Eldar. The existence of the Psykana Armorium is a closely kept secret which is <b>only</b> revealed to initiates of the Secret Order of Psykana. Whist it is called an armory, it is not compared to normal ones as it serves as a repository of special weapons as well as serves as a conduit for psychic potentials of the weapons it held. These are channeled through the Beacon Psykana itself and amplified its psychic signal that pulses in the hearts of the Blood Ravens within the Order which it is maintained by. Whenever new Librarians are inducted into the Order Psykana, they are free to choose a weapon from the Psykana Armorium as their own.<br/>
<br/>
Contents - <b>To Only Be Known By The Order Psykana</b></div>
  </body>
</html>