<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 18 (Part Three): Writ In Blood</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 18 (Part Three): Writ In Blood</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Deathwatch Contribution</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">10 Veterans and 10 Space Marines from the 5th Company</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Writ In Blood<br/>
+025.M42+ To +030.M42+<br/>
+<i>If You Will Not Fight, Then You Will Not Live</i>+</b><br/>​</div>“We have an accord,” she grunts, offering a hand for you to shake on it. It is a small gesture, and considering the fact that you are going to be soon bereft of twenty good battle brothers stings, but you take heart in the fact that your duty will at least be done in this measure just as well.<br/>
<br/>
And that is that, it turns out. You do not see Claudius himself again, further impressing on you how much control Christina has over not just his own person, but his resources as well. It is not particularly what you wanted to find when you came to this meeting, but the potential for finding Vandis that much faster deeply appeals to you in a visceral sense. On the one hand, perhaps it does make a dark sense that the Ordo Xenos would want to keep an eye on a Rogue Trader Dynasty which has made great riches off of the trafficking of alien technologies and artifacts. On the other, the amount of times you have encountered any member of the Inquisition that have left you or your chapter well can be counted on one hand – and still have most digits left over.<br/>
<br/>
Soon enough you are returning to Subsector Aurelia, and discussing your surprise meeting with the Lord Inquisitor. Cyrus seems ready to burst at the seams at the news, furtive energy coloring his every movement as he drills the recruits that much harder. For a man who spent two centuries within the Deathwatch, to hear that the organization has been reduced to such straits is likely more than a little infuriating for him. The knowledge that the Imperium teeters on a thousand knife edges anew does not particularly please anyone else either. As it seems to be one of the few consistent things about interactions with the Inquisition, few are happy by the end of it at all. In this case, none.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus is especially aggrieved.<br/>
<br/>
“I respect the Deathwatch, and what they do, but even this alone will set us back badly,” he tells you privately after your meeting with the Chapter Leadership has concluded.<br/>
<br/>
“I am more than aware, Tarkus. But could we do no less?”<br/>
<br/>
“I am not disagreeing with your decision, Angelos,” he shakes his head as you walk through the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i>, “Merely noting that this will cause difficulties. Not least of which that we would be throwing newer battle brothers in the most vicious of battles without nearly enough experience.”<br/>
<br/>
“And yet, dark times call for dark measures,” you respond, finally coming to a halt in front of your own quarters, where much remains yet to be done for the organization and command of the Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
“Aye,” he stares at the ground, his gaze hard, before sighing again. “But I understand. If the Emperor willed it, then the whole of the Chapter would plunge into the fire, unto death…but that does not mean I have to like it.”<br/>
<br/>
“I do not like it either, Tarkus,” you clamp a hand to his shoulder, “The Blood Ravens march upon the brink, constantly, since our failure to discover Kyras’ treachery. The universe is cruel, and unforgiving. And yet…?”<br/>
<br/>
“None shall find us wanting,” you both intone in unison, a small smile quirking its way past Tarkus’ perpetual flat lips, and he leaves you alone in the corridor.<br/>
<br/>
Indeed. You may be hamstrung and bled again and again, but the Blood Ravens yet live.<br/>
<br/>
It is time to go to work. At the least, returning home after a long, long time, comes one of the first marines you ever saw off upon becoming Chapter Master. Quarius Zergan has come back from Mars, and he bears the marks of his trials well. Martellus is highly impressed with the young marine, and puts him to work in the forges almost immediately after his return arrival and the minor celebration it caused.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Results: <br/>
Lord Inquisitor Christina lends her resources and that of the Tarquindil Dynasty to the Hunt for Vandis. Hunt For Vandis Underway. Time To Completion/Success Results: UNKNOWN<br/>
5th Company contributes 10 Veterans and 10 further battle brothers to the Deathwatch in its time of need. <br/>
Claudius had two bottles of amasec to drink and passed out.<br/>
<br/>
Note: Quarius Zergan has returned from Mars as a fully fledged Techmarine!</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Look for specialist candidates amongst aspirants/neophytes/scouts.<br/>
[] Assign Unassigned x16 Thunderhawks (x3 Transporters, x13 Gunships) Within Chapter Fleet (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] <b>Polonius Liberation Crusade Aid:</b> The orks of the Polonius Subsector have been a plague on the sector for generations. Sometimes they unify and emerge as a full blown WAAAAGH!! which must be beaten back, other times they are chased back to their homes but never fully dislodged. It is a pattern repeated across the galaxy, for it is rare for the Imperium to be able to marshal the forces to fully exterminate such hovels when surrounded by other more immediate threats. However, over the past few years Sector Command has apparently come to the conclusion that System A4XX is due for cleansing and colonization by the forces of Man. Too many times have the orks there unified, and caused unspeakable damage. More recently, after a successful assassination of the current Warboss of the system who had already begun unifying it in its totality, the Imperial Navy and Imperial Guard are invading with assisting elements from the Order of the Lost Rosetta. The Blood Ravens were pointedly <i><u><b>not</b></u></i> invited, but it is not as if you need to be invited to a fight against orks, after all. Whether your arrival would be welcomed or not, you cannot say for sure. Even if it is not, you could surely still aid them regardless. [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>
[] <b>Beneath Blood Raven Wings</b>: Derosa has acknowledged your request for information, and has responded in kind with a...remarkable request. She made extremely attentive note to how valuable Cyrus was when he was on Meridian, cleansing it thoroughly of xenos, mutants, etc. For that matter, now, she knows that more could be done. It is a somewhat selfish request, but one that makes some sense as well. Specifically, one fully dedicated squad on the planet at all times to assist her in keeping Meridian stable, safe, and productive for the Imperium. Considering how the Subsector has come under such nearly apocalyptic circumstances so rapidly in such a short amount of time, having a permanent presence on Meridian would be somewhat prudent, is her argument. That her prestige with having a squad of Blood Ravens at her call would skyrocket is unspoken, of course. On the other hand, Derosa is one of those most rare of things, a dedicated and principled servant of the Imperium. There are deathly few like her compared to the more corrupt Imperial officials ruling worlds, this you know for truth. [Select a full Squad of 10 Marines to be permanently posted on Meridian, immediately gain 1 Major Favor from Derosa. Chance to gain Minor favors randomly for Meridian Squad taking out threats, solving problems, etc. across Meridian for Derosa as long as Squad is there.]<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Recruitment World Preservation: </b>Trontiux III is one of your more consistent recruitment worlds, but Cyrus has noted a worrying pattern over the past few visits for Blood Trials. Specifically, the exceedingly high population of orks there has been growing further and further lately, and despite their feral natures they have been breeding beasts that act practically as tanks and are nearly as deadly. He believes that they are reaching a dangerous critical mass, and that the Blood Ravens should take immediate steps to cull their population considerably. By sheer numbers they are quite deadly indeed, while they possess numerous strange alien beasts up to and including sightings of the especially dangerous 'Squiggoth'. The issue at hand is not killing a specific leader, for no great unifying ork has truly emerged yet from amongst the belligerent green masses, but rather a great culling. Something that requires extreme, continual, and violent force. While they seem ruled by the cultural mores of the ork 'klan' type known as the Snakebites, according to the Librarius, they should not be underestimated. [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Toughness Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it <b>must</b> be specified that they do so.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (112 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (7 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
-[] Due to the fact that there is not enough Gene-Seed, if Neophytes end up rejecting their Gene-Seed, ensure that implantation of excess Neophytes is attempted.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The <i>Potentia</i> has returned? Good. The <i>Arcanum</i> may have had the largest of our Apothecarium, but it was the <i>Potentia</i> that possessed the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] Begin in-depth studies of the remains of the various eldar Avatars of Khaine possessed by the Chapter [Note: This will mean that all non-Chapter Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable </b>for other tasks for <b>2 </b>turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
[] Anti-Anti-Psyker Study: The Split Heart Kabal made strange xeno advances in the baffling, diffusing, and blocking of psyker powers and abilities. By making a study of such things, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens would be able to train its forces against such things, improving their ability to defeat such things in the future while providing an additional aid of likely effectiveness against the vile Eldar specifically. [Note: This will mean that all non-Chapter Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable</b> for other tasks for <b>2</b> turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
- The Chapter's greatest advantage was its Librarians. I know that they were used for...ill purpose in the past by Kyras, but I will not allow such a political character to be assigned to them ever again. We were meant for more than that. For the betterment of the Chapter, for its coming battles, and the maintenance of the <i>Sanctorium Arcanum,</i> we must rebuild our ranks, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (525 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Burning Seeker</i> [80/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Flagships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The <i>Faith's Horizon</i> [0/500] to recieve an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Howling Hatred</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Rapier For Potential Learning Of Design To Allow Replication (WARNING: May end up losing some Rapiers as a result of the study) [250/???]<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [0/????]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- I could use a few more peers in the forges. Or at least subordinates.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Thank goodness the <i>Potentia</i> has returned to service. Amongst the rest of the ships within the Chapter Fleet, it possesses the most advanced forge facilities, as befitting its name. This will surely aid me in construction of more advanced technologies in the future, as well as their study!<br/>
- THE RAPIER! Praise be to the Omnissiah! It is as if a Tarantula Turret which can move and maneuver, greatly increasing its chances of survival! Please, Chapter Master, allow me to study it, to learn its secrets, so that the design is not lost should they be destroyed!<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.</div>
  </body>
</html>