<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Six)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Six)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Opus Maxima, Proto-Dark Mechanicus Forgeworld. Significant defenses, Orbital Defense Stations, Planetary Monitor Ship Fleet, Remainder Of Initial Chaos Fleet. Small Dark Mechanicus Fleet.<br/>
[] Write-In: Before moving towards our target (but after whatever emergency repairs we're making before movement, if any, are finished) send a message to Vandis saying "You were so eager to boast of the 'servants' you were given in exchange for your soul, but we see how readily the pacts of traitors are rewarded with further treachery. Does it burn you to know you sold your soul for nothing, heretic?" and attaching a vox recording of Mortirex saying "<b>And to think, you were out there this entire time, waiting for me to whet <i>Soulsplitter</i> upon you. I think…yes</b>, <b>Vandis has served his purpose. Abbadon is consumed with Cadia. This anchorage…shall be <i>mine</i>. A Black Crusade of my own shall set this entire Segmentum aflame. Perhaps…heh, I might even go to Ultramar." </b>And just ending the call at that, bonus points if we can hang up on Vandis mid-sentence when/if he's replying. <br/>
<br/>
<i>GM NOTE: <i>Moratorium 6 Hours</i></i><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
“Vox is ready, Captain,” the serf at the communication console announced.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus grimaced as he looked at the projections of the actuality sphere, both of the enemy and of those of the Blood Ravens and their allies. It was, perhaps, an equal fight. Possibly. But an equal fight here, would mean even harder ones for the rest of the system. The Blood Ravens could be as strategic and skilled as possible, but fortune still carried the fatal possibility of bending against them. It was time, now, to see if they might bend it in the other direction.<br/>
<br/>
“Go,” Tarkus nodded.<br/>
<br/>
This time, it was the Blood Ravens who cast out across the entire system, broadcasting towards New Meridian. First was the recording, of Mortirex’s own words, his vile ambition and hellish disdain. A handful of seconds were allowed to pass, to process, before Tarkus cleared his throat and spoke.<br/>
<br/>
“You were so eager to boast of the ‘servants’ you were given in exchange for your soul,” Tarkus ground out through gritted teeth, hands clenching on the lip of the actuality sphere’s projector table. “But we see how readily the pacts of traitors are rewarded with further treachery. Does it burn your soul to know you sold your soul for nothing, heretic?”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fayhem Roll: 47</b><br/>
<br/>
Only silence answered. Tarkus narrowed his eyes as the actuality sphere projections flickered outwards into showing the entire system. The xeno ships did not shift or move. The fleet over New Meridian did not suddenly begin swarming towards Opus Maxima. There was a flurry of increased comm traffic, that was detectable at least, towards the rest of the planets in the system. But more than that was hard to tell without dedicated techmarine support. And they had all gone to aid the Ebon Claws, none requested for this effort. The tech-priests seconded to the ships of the Imperial Navy and Imperial Guard were doing their best, however. Somewhat more disheartening, Graves had reported rather unhappily that some of his astropaths had just about burnt themselves out – literally – trying to force communications through the gravity reef. Intense enough gravity could strangle and cause terrible issues with the Warp, and where the Warp was twisted, psychic emanations and communications grew difficult as well. There was no bright bloom of weapons fire, or anything of the sort.<br/>
<br/>
“Enough of this,” Tarkus shook his head. “Onward to Opus Maxima. We cannot simply wait for the enemy to maneuver.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================​</div><br/>
Frigandus Cordis was a massive terrestrial planet of ice, glaciers, and snow. The razorstorms here were capable of shredding through adamantine and ceramite due to the unique molecular and chemical composition of the frozen liquids of the planet, though the specifics evaded Cyrus’ understanding. Then again, he didn’t need to understand every single thing about them, only that it did what it did. He watched impassively as the swarm of tyranids squealed and screamed as they were turned into steaming piles of shredded meat, the rapid approach of the storm having caught the aliens off-guard. They were doing as they always did, adapting, growing more and more dangerous the longer they spent in an adverse environment. But they hadn’t yet evolved some form of defense other than psychic shielding emanating from bio-structures and zoanthroapes from the razorstorms. Apparently the planet had always been that way, a horrifically dangerous place where megafauna still lived in the deep tunnels and on the frozen plains, where the human tribes had learned that silence and careful movement was more valuable than almost anything else to survive.<br/>
<br/>
Speaking of which, he sighted one such synapse creature and fired at it, once. The sheer velocity behind the sniper round managed to make it through the razorstorm, and the resulting feedback eruptions ensured the rest of the incoming swarm died a swift death.<br/>
<br/>
“A good shot,” murmured the Ebon Claw next to him. “And with that, the last of their major synapse creatures is destroyed.”<br/>
<br/>
Captain Manin was dressed as much of the rest of his company, in the whites and blues that camouflaged perfectly with the greater environment of the planet. Twin lightning claws did not crackle or spark, their power fields deliberately kept deactivated when not required to further reduce noise profile. The rest of his company was spread throughout the planet along with the rest of the Blood Ravens, each of them astonishingly capable when it came to stealth and recon despite the fact that over half of their number utilized jump packs. Cursory and non-invasive inspection on the part of the techmarines had informed Cyrus that the patterns of the jump packs was something clearly altered and divergent, likely supplied to them by the Raven Guard of whom the Ebon Claws were successors to. Despite being outnumbered, the tyranids invading this area of space outnumbering the splinter fleet which had come to Subsector Aurelia, they had fought a spirited, vigorous, and technically successful defense.<br/>
<br/>
It was simply unfortunate that there were only two companies left of them, even before the tyranids arrived. Less, before the Blood Ravens had managed to get there. Captain Manin’s peer, Brother-Captain Kambine, had fallen to the tyranids, his body so torn apart that not even his gene-seed could be recovered. All told, of the 9th and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Companies of the Ebon Claws, there were only about a hundred left. Though Cyrus had not yet said it aloud, it had been otherwise confirmed by Captain Manin’s own gratitude that the Ebon Claws would have been extinct in but a few more years’ time.<br/>
<br/>
“There will be more,” Cyrus grunted. “But for now, Frigandus is free of major threat.”<br/>
<br/>
“It will be the work of decades to eradicate every tyranid spore and cell,” Manin sighed, even that noise quiet through his helmet’s systems. “But yes, the Hive Mind no longer has a hold here, only its dregs. I must pass on my compliments to your techmarines once more, Captain Cyrus. Without their work and their turrets, we could not have held the tunnels and caverns as we had.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus grunted at his words.<br/>
<br/>
“Martellus will be pleased to hear it.”<br/>
<br/>
Once he got over the fact that some of those turrets had been destroyed in those same vital ambushes.<br/>
<br/>
“In the meantime, we have much work left to do. While we destroyed the Shadow Towers on Frigandus, other planets reported that the tyranids were assembling biomass in similar fashion.”<br/>
<br/>
The two began walking away from the scene as the razorstorm continued to pelt downwards.<br/>
<br/>
“It will be a hard fight to get through their protective screens,” Manin muttered. “But doable.”<br/>
<br/>
“It must be done regardless,” Cyrus said sourly, his usual grimace deepening. “These new structures must be eradicated, this entire splinter must be, lest the rest of the Hive Fleets in the galaxy gain access to them.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus had not been pleased to learn about the Shadow Towers. An unwholesome flesh pylon of towering height and size the equal of Titans God-Machines, purposefully crafted to propagate the Shadow in the Warp, ruining astropathic communication and warp travel. It had nearly destroyed the entire Blood Ravens fleet, forcing them out of the Warp in the middle of a number of bio-ships just waiting for something to crush and devour. Each one looked like thousands of zoanthropes melted together, each one practically made the navigators, astropaths, and Librarians nearly pass out from the pressure on their minds and souls. Only one had been successfully spawned on Frigandus Cordis, but other planets would have more, each one linking with another and forcing them to drop out of the Warp further and further away, all while giving the Hive Mind more time to devour the planets it had landed on. It was the perfect addition to the tyranid arsenal, giving them the one resource more than biomass that was important to keep from their grasping talons: time. The greater distance, the more time it forced upon Imperial reinforcements, the more they were able to consume without interruption.<br/>
<br/>
It was in wars like this that Cyrus felt that even the forces of Chaos were not as big a threat to the galaxy as the tyranids.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. To battle, then. Some initiates will remain behind, to see to what tyranid biomass that they can, but the rest of what remains of the Ebon Claws shall accompany you outwards,” Manin said, offering his hand out.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus looked down at it, then back up to Manin, the Captain’s helmet scarred and pitted from tyranid claws and acids, before clasping wrists.<br/>
<br/>
“To battle, then.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================================​</div><br/>
Opus Maxima was not a Forge World on the same scale as Mars, or even Aerus or Zerann. But it clearly held the possibility of reaching such levels of stature if given time to fester into full bloom. It was enough that it held multiple forge-temples, the equivalents of entire hives that no doubt manufactured all a manner of weaponry and goods for the purposes of the forces within the system. Those that would take them at least. Surely some of it was dedicated to arming the vile xenos who had been corrupted by Chaos, yet another blasphemy added onto the tally of their very existence. It was, on the one hand, the world that was furthest out from any other from the sun, which should have made it the chilliest of all of them, save for the fact that massive and merciless industry had well-clogged its skies enough that it was in fact a blasted and cracked heat-baked wasteland. It’s massive glaciers had melted into oceans and lakes, and those had been drained further by dreadful mechanized force. Nine complexes, the largest of them at the center of the tangled web with massive railways built between them as mechanical veins.<br/>
<br/>
Above, the shipyard waited. Not only had the remaining – and critically damaged - ships of the Chaos fleet retreated here for repairs, with obvious priority being given over to the ships of the trio of ships directly under the command of Lord Mortirex, but there was a group of monitors as well. Without the need for speed, maneuverability, or warp-travel, their systems had been routed into powering lance arrays and weapon batteries capable of threatening even capital-class ships if given the chance. Enough of them could include battle barges within their reach. Amongst the rest of them were the small number of Dark Mechanicus vessels, their capabilities unknown due to the proclivities of their heretical kind in alteration and experimentation, and a brace of orbital defense stations. Below, on the planet itself, squatted anti-orbital defense lasers and massive void shield emplacements set around each of the forge-temples, things built to strike the ships of the space marines should they attempt to get close enough to land, and protect their charges from orbital bombardment.<br/>
<br/>
Not that the <i>Litany of Fury</i> would be doing any such thing, the sheer damage dealt to its bombardment cannon ensuring that only a visit to a true Forge World could see to its repairs. Yet that did not mean that the other strike cruisers were incapable, only that overall bombardment would be reduced in efficacy by a considerable amount. The <i>Litany </i>remained fearsome, but her foes had worked quite hard to strip her outer carapace of weapons and defenses. Even now her void shields had just barely come back online, and only at half-strength. Most of her weapon batteries were slag. The superstructure remained viable, as did its engines and deployment methods, but the damage was undeniable. The ships of the Imperial Navy fared only a bit better, minor to moderate damage across all ships save for the Inquisitor’s and the transport vessels. The moment they began to approach, the system monitors reoriented towards them, though the Dark Mechanicus ships were not eager to get to grips while so thoroughly outnumbered. <br/>
<br/>
"Well, here we are," Graves said as Tarkus opened communications with him and Inquisitor Adrastia. "Let's get to it, we don't have much time."<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus knew he was right. Already, auspex scans were showing that some of the Chaos ships were rapidly attempting to unmoor themselves to return to fighting. Grotesque work crews swarmed about their bodies, servitors, machines, and near indescribable amalgamations of flesh and metal sprouting tools and cutters. <br/>
<br/>
"We need to take out those ships, one way or another, preferably before too many of them can get a shot off on us," the Admiral rubbed at his chin.<br/>
<br/>
"Approaching too close puts us at risk to the orbital stations and those Dark Mechanicus ships," Adrastia cut in.<br/>
<br/>
"We may have to take that risk," Graves noted. "We can take on those orbitals and monitors, keep the hereteks back. Captain," he looked at Tarkus, "Can your space marines punch through and hit the docked ships?"<br/>
<br/>
"Possibly," Tarkus nodded. "We must all be wary, however, they have defense lasers on the planet, and may strike up at us if they get a clean shot."<br/>
<br/>
"Even if they don't, they still might shoot," Adrastia noted. "As an aside, Captain Tarkus, what of Gabriel and Apollo?"<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus hung his head and inhaled deeply. <br/>
<br/>
"Angelos will live. Repair of bionics and flesh is proceeding apace. Apollo...,"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Entombment Or Not: 71</b><br/>
<br/>
"Will live as well, but it will take time to graft the bionics and mend his body."<br/>
<br/>
It had been an incredibly near thing. Apollo Diomedes had been shot, almost quite literally, to pieces. To the point that his body was practically reminiscent of an ancient Terran curdled milk product. The Obliterators had utilized weapons that were known and unknown, of comparatively normal and utterly exotic extent. Bolters rounds had been joined by las-shots, struck with rounds disturbingly reminiscent to Vindicare rifles, as well as slivers of crystallized venom that dissolved into the blood while forcing immediate necrosis of the surrounding tissues, gouts of daemonic flame in excess of ceramite and adamantium-survivable temperatures, and more. Worse, obliterators were not restricted to mutating out purely ranged weaponry, as Apollo's wounds reflected. Chainswords, power weaponry, and pure brutal bludgeoning had been applied from head to toe. <i>Then </i>Apollo had attacked and been battered even further by Lord Mortirex. <br/>
<br/>
His living at all was a miracle, the Brother-Apothecary Medici had flatly declared, that the apothecary had kept him from requiring internment in a dreadnought a second one.<br/>
<br/>
"We must fight on without them both, for now," Tarkus said firmly.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well," Adrastia nodded. <br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Fleet Over Opus Maxima</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>In Dock At Shipyard [Maintains Point Defenses, No Major Weaponry]</b><br/>
1 Battle Barge 'Ruination of Purity' (Significant Damage Sustained)<br/>
2 Strike Cruisers 'Joyous Lament' 'Rex Magnifica' (Minor Damage Sustained)<br/>
4 Carnage-class Cruisers (Critically Damaged)<br/>
2 Hecate-class Cruisers (Critically Damaged)<br/>
5 Iconoclast Destroyers (Critically Damaged)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Out Of Dock</b><br/>
1 Dark Mechanicus Heavy-Cruiser [Class/Weaponry Unknown]<br/>
3 Dark Mechanicus Cruisers [Class/Weaponry Unknown]<br/>
5 Defense Monitors [Anti-Capital Ship Weaponry]<br/>
10 Orbital Defense Stations [Torpedoes, Lances, Weapon Batteries]</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<u>Captain Tarkus, How Shall We Do Battle?</u><br/>
<i>Moratorium 6 Hours</i><br/>
[] Ship By Ship: The damaged Chaos ships are quite fragile at this moment, especially with their inability to maneuver and fight back. The Blood Ravens can strike them, destroy them from within, and move on, all while sabotaging the Chaos-tainted shipyard as they go. Dangerous to the marines themselves, but less so to the ships that ferry them about if they move in, deploy, and retreat. [Write-In Target Priority List, i.e. Focus On Escorts, Focus On Battle Barge, Etc.]<br/>
[] At Lance's Length: There is no guarantee of what awaits on those ships, or on that shipyard. While the main bombardment cannnon is down on the <i>Litany, </i>that does not mean that the remaining Blood Raven ships cannot concentrate fire and tear apart the ships there, while hopefully remaining at enough range to prevent planetary defenses from striking them. [Write-In Target Priority List, i.e. Focus On Escorts, Focus On Battle Barge, Etc.]<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Fleet</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Void Shielding At 50%, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
20 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius (+All Unassigned Librarians)<br/>
75 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Remains Unconscious, Repairs Possible By Tech-Priests Accompanying Imperial Guard/Imperial Navy</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>