<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27 Results - 2483 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27 Results - 2483 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Plan Snek, Spider, and Squeak
-[*] MAX: Receive dictation: Queekish-Khazalid Dictionary, including spoken Low Queekish
-[*] JOHANN: Attempt to take advantage of his temporarily blindness to improve his Windsight.
-[*] DUCK: Work with Panoramia for her to finally get around to investigating the greenskin mushrooms she found.
-[*] EIC: Bring in a Perpetual Apprentice to start grooming as a handler for intelligence matters of the EIC. (1 favour/turn)
--[*] Gambler
-[*] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there.
--[*] Practical Diplomacy
-[*] Dictate papers: Queekish-Khazalid Dictionary, including spoken Low Queekish
-[*] Investigate how the We communicates with... itself?
-[*] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to Dwarven magic-dampening Runes. (2 Dwarf favours)
-[*] PENTHOUSE: Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
-[*] SERENITY: Write a paper: Queekish-Reikspiel Dictionary, including spoken Low Queekish (1/2)
-[*] COIN: The Gambler



Panoramia's priority is the fields of the Eastern Valley, and considering it was a lifeless desert when you arrived and is now lush with life and growing more so with every year, you can't entirely fault her on that. But the strange magic-absorbing mushrooms she discovered being farmed by the Night Goblins within Karag Lhune have received only enough attention to confirm they can be grown from spores, and ever since have been tucked away somewhere in her sleeping quarters while the original field has been razed. Well, enough is enough. You've finally found enough spare time to pry her away from her crops and assist in her figuring out the fungi she's tentatively named 'Waaaghsoak Mushrooms'.

The mushrooms, from the quick look-over you and Panoramia gave them back when you discovered them, absorb ambient magical energy as they grow, and are then consumed by greenskin Shamans in the blithe assumption that the energies will act entirely predictably and be able to be channelled directly into their spellcasting. It would be possible to write an entire book on the myriad ways that could go terribly wrong, but you're hoping there are non-stupid applications for the mushrooms that you and Panoramia could discover.

Planting beds are set up, one in Panoramia's quarters for her to closely monitor, one in the fields outside, one in the Grey Tower, and one deep below Karag Nar to act as a control, and every day a portion of the growing mushrooms are plucked from their beds for study and dissection inside your laboratory within the White Tower.

[Studying the mushrooms: Learning, 46+27+20(White Tower)=93.]

Though it's not her speciality, Panoramia is much more educated in the ways of the mushroom than you are, and you quickly learn that the parts you recognize are merely the delivery mechanism for its spores, and the majority of a fungus remains underground. The first few days are spent dissecting and examining fungal roots, which prove stubbornly mundane under even the closest of magical examination, showing only as much magical energy as any living thing would have absorbed from their respective surroundings. It's not until the button stage when the fruiting body begins to form that you begin to see anything of interest, and magic begins to be actively absorbed and stored within the flesh of the mushroom.

Despite a great deal of study, including transplanting some samples into your White Tower for hours of mind-numbing observation, you can't see any active use that the Winds are being put to within the growing mushrooms. The mushroom is simply a more natural conductor of the Winds than the air, and so magic flows in and lingers there. You suspect this is advantageous for the mushrooms growing in the fields outside, as they would be most likely to absorb Ghyran and be subject to the beneficial effects of ambient life magic, though their larger size might be due to richer soil. But cave mushrooms would be most likely to encounter Ulgu, not Ghyran, and the Crooked Moon Night Goblins were definitely growing these underground. Are they native to caves, and perhaps Ulgu-rich mushrooms are more likely to be overlooked by those that might otherwise feed upon them? You borrow the services of a particularly gluttonous goat from the Halflings, and the creature proves the defensive hypothesis incorrect by being just as able to spot and consume the Grey Tower mushrooms as it is the control mushrooms. Perhaps the mushrooms originally grew in a more Ghyran-rich environment and were transplanted by the Night Goblins, possibly via trade with Forest Goblins, or perhaps they cultivated the ability in the fungi from scratch somehow.

After careful observation of the test goat, you move on to stage two, and the only negative side-effects noted from consumption of the control mushrooms is a great deal of complaints about their rubbery texture. Stage three has identical results, and none of the subjects show any unexpected effects from a sudden boost in their ambient levels of Ghyran or Ulgu, only mild elation in the former and slight confusion in the latter. So you finally subject yourself to stage four, and you and Panoramia consume some of the mushrooms yourselves and are able to confirm previous reports - the texture is like a slug, except somehow able to become stuck in your teeth. But shortly after you force it down, you can feel the slow trickle of energy as the mushroom is digested and the magic freed to flow through your body.

Okay, maybe the idea of consumption isn't completely off-base, but before you credit the greenskins with a good idea, you'll want to see what happens if the process is performed under less-than-ideal conditions. You leave Panoramia to write up the paper introducing the species to the scholarly world, and she agrees to leave out the trait that drew your attention to it until you're able to provide further testing.

[A Novel and Edible Species of Psalliota Found Cultivated by the Night Goblins of Karak Eight Peaks. Subject: Rare, +1. Insight: Revolutionary, +2. Delivery: Dull, -1. Exotic, +1. Thorough, +1. Secondary Author, -2. Total: +2.]

---

To call Johann skeptical about improving his Windsight would be an understatement, as it apparently sounds to him like some of the more esoteric parts of the arts of the Pick of Grungni that he tried and failed to reach an understanding of. But either out of respect for you or gratitude for the company, he barely puts up a fight and allows you to drag him into the White Tower, and you don't protest at the pack following him - both because you doubt you'd be able to separate them without a lot of trouble, and because they'd work quite nicely as subjects for observation.

Magical senses are tricky things, right down to appropriately naming them. Current convention amongst the Colleges is 'Windsight', which is misleading on two levels as it isn't restricted to the eight Winds, nor does it always manifest as sight. In the recent past 'Magesight' was preferred, but one does not need to be a Mage to possess it - many people can perceive magic without any ability to manipulate it. Some more mystical types say 'Spirit-Sight', which might be the most correct of all if certain theories about the nature of magic and souls are correct. And in the common parlance it's 'Witchsight', which is just plain rude. Whatever name it goes by, the fact is that it's not a single sense at all, but a label applied to however a person perceives magic, and there's as many ways to perceive magic as there are people capable of doing so.

To you, Windsight is mostly sight, though Dhar has an accompanying smell and the Waaagh is more of a mingling of taste and sensation. The sense Johann describes to you is very different to conventional senses, and he haltingly does his best to explain a constant awareness of his surroundings, and eventually settles on describing it as being able to know where a fire is by the sensation of heat on your skin. To this sense, open air feels different enough to inert stone walls that he's still mostly able to make his way around, and various types of magical energies are sensed as a sort of once-removed emotion. But, naturally enough, it is various metals that his magical sense is most able to perceive, including the ability to discern alloys and roughly gauge purity at a touch. It does present something of a stumbling block for direct study, but you're still hopeful.

[Mathilde's teaching: Learning, 33+27+10(Windsage)+2(Library: Chamon)=72.]
[Johann's learning: Learning, 90+14+10(White Tower)-10(Inflexible Magic)=104.]

It goes a lot better than you expected. Your own magical sense manifests omnidirectionally, so after some trial and error you're able to find common ground and develop a good understanding of how he's perceiving the world. From there, you take him through some of the more basic meditative exercises of the Grey College, which is a lot better received when you tell him that absolute stillness is not required, nor is refraining from playing with his wolf-rats. Under your thoughtful gaze, he quickly and unknowingly hones his senses on the nimble and energetic creatures, and it's not long until there's no hesitation at all in his reaching out to rub ears, scratch shoulders, and tickle bellies.

From there, it's simply a matter of escalation, starting with simple sorting exercises and quickly moving on to more energetic pursuits, from throwing sticks for his wolf-rats to making his way carefully through the sprouting cabbage fields without crushing too much of the crop underfoot. Eventually you reach the point where you're throwing an ovular ball wrapped with iron wire back and forth, hindered to no small extent by the wolf-rats and their ability to jump higher than a man when they feel they're being left out of the game. By that point, Johann has regained his old confidence, and only the blindfold over his eyes indicates that he's not currently able to see.

---

Ever since Chieftain Qrech Anuvongeni of Seventh-and-Final-Combe fell into your hands two years ago, you've spent no small amount of time working on building an understanding of Queekish, and the final chapter of the efforts you have made will be no less difficult than the others as you and Maximilian endeavour to distil everything you've learned of this alien tongue into a pair of tomes.

[Mathilde's efforts: Learning, 32+27+11(Library: Linguistics)=70.]
[Max's contributions: 76+18+10(Amanuensis)+10(Patient)+11(Library: Linguistics)=135.]
[Groundwork for Reikspiel edition: Learning, 54+27+11(Library: Linguistics)=92.]

Maximilian, as you're well aware, is fairly middling compared to some of the scholars of the Colleges you've encountered, but what he lacks in raw talent he more than makes up for with a willingness to dedicate himself fully to the insights of others, and to persevere at it long after others would have given up. It's no small task to build a dictionary from scratch and mistakes and ambiguities seem to spontaneously arise in your shared manuscript, but Maximilian runs each and every one into the ground, tracing back the source of each word and finding the original cause of the confusion as your towering stacks of translated documents sprout hundreds of multicoloured tags.

Most of your attention turns towards the appendix dedicated to spoken Low Queekish, the lingua franca of the Under-Empire. You suspect the other dialects would put up much more of a fight, but Low Queekish has been deliberately stripped of complexity and adapted so that it can be shared not just amongst Skaven from every corner of the world, but by their slaves of innumerable species and possibly their allies as well. So it doesn't require whiskers or musk, and it doesn't dip above or below what human ears are capable of hearing, and doesn't contain any other linguistic complications that the other dialects might have. The end result, you feel, would give a dedicated student at least a fighting chance at being able to develop an understanding of the spoken language.

The end result of your work is a single handwritten tome given the title Rakilid un Thaggorhun, ready to be presented to King Belegar and then on to either scribes for copying or to carvers or etchers for creating printing blocks. But while there's no question that it will be quickly distributed throughout the entire Karaz Ankor, when it comes to something this substantial, how it is presented will make a major impact. And while the decision would be King Belegar's, after the whole 'you never sent to Karaz-a-Karak for help' thing, you're almost certain that your own recommendation will carry an immense amount of weight in the matter.

[ ] From one King to his Fellows
A personal gift from King Belegar to his Brother-Kings and Sister-Queen.
[ ] From an Old Hold
A symbol of the re-emergence of Karak Eight Peaks as a major power in the Karaz Ankor.
[ ] From a Young Hold
A symbol of new kinds of thinking for a new time.
[ ] From the Karaz Ankor
Sent by the King to his High King, and from the High King to the Empire, to be a unifying force in the Karaz Ankor.
[ ] From a Very Impressive Loremaster
All efforts will be made to emphasize your role in the creation of the tome.

[ ] Make no recommendation
Leave it entirely in King Belegar's hands, and hope for the best.
  </body>
</html>