<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Interlude: Of the 13th Black Crusade – The Bloody Hill</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Interlude: Of the 13th Black Crusade – The Bloody Hill</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><i>Of the 13th Black Crusade – The Bloody Hill</i>​</div><br/>
<b>+003.M42+</b><br/>
<br/>
Atop a great and massive hill upon which what could have been considered both a small city and combined military base, there was a place that was anointed in the blood of the pure and the corrupt in unequal measure.<br/>
<br/>
It had once been a grand chapel to the Emperor, with magnificent stained glass fixtures covering every window. Statues of gold and steel crafted in the images of the greatest heroes of the Imperium lined the gaps of holy brick and marble between those same windows, from the legendary Lord Solar Macharius to the Emperor himself granted a position at the dais from which the priests had preached from. Tens of thousands of Cadians had come here to pray, to contemplate, to worship in all aspects the God-Emperor for entire generations. Rich and thick carpet covered the ground to keep the hard stone beneath from hurting the knees of the citizens who had knelt there so long that divots could be seen. Warm and comforting candle glow from a hundred and one tiny pillars of scented wax had brought comfort to a hundred thousand souls and more for the whole time that the temple had been in existence.<br/>
<br/>
Little of that was in evidence now.<br/>
<br/>
The windows had been shattered by a combination of bolter fire, tracer rounds, foes leaping through them, and the ear splitting booms of cannons going off with such volume as to shake the glass from the frame. Rockets and tank rounds had made a mockery of stout stone and finely carved statues, while blasts of blasphemous sorcery and more constrained psyker fury had melted apart an entire corner of the entire structure into naught but broken black slag. No Cadians prayed here anymore, the priest had been found with his throat slit by the hands of traitorous guardsmen. It had been a consistent battleground since the Black Crusade had begun as it switched between the hands of the Imperium and the forces of Chaos.<br/>
<br/>
For while it had been built atop the hill so that the visage of the Emperor would personally give His piercing glare towards the damnable Eye of Terror and so that the sunlight would hit it just so at the dawn…it had been built by the sons and daughters of Cadia. As such there were defensive implications behind it as well. Stockpiles of ammo and supplies left beneath in areas that might otherwise have been used for crypts as well as medical stations for wounded soldiers who might require them during a pitched battle.<br/>
<br/>
All of these had been used by one side or another, but it was just as well for those things had been meant for hands that were not the Emperor’s space marines. For it was they who held the embattled structure now, unleashing their defiant fury against a tide that they knew in their heart of hearts would overwhelm them at some point or another. It might not have been that day, it might not have been that week, but it was coming, the thought an unforgiving and never relenting shadow cast upon their hearts.<br/>
<br/>
From the windowsills came hails of bolter fire and blasts of warpflame launched from the hands and mouths of possessed marines of the twisted Emperor’s Children, the worshippers of the Prince of Excess calling out in a mind bending chorus of disgusting threats and promises as to what they would do once they were victorious. A thousand mind gouging notes of memetic lust and pain burned out from the mutations and weaponry of the noise marines enough to bring low the few guardsmen that had beforehand managed to fight alongside the space marines while the seemingly endless legions of cultists advanced.<br/>
<br/>
Their corpses split open, holes torn through their bodies by the returning fire of the space marines within while other slavering slave creatures were set alight by flamers when they managed to advance close enough. A great carpet of corpses had begun to be created around the chapel in varying states of decay. Some had even begun to rot and release sickly sweet scents and their meat providing a feast for the daemons and heretics who relentlessly charged towards the chapel heedless of their own potential deaths. Other bodies were fresher, falling just that day for the first time. Giggling daemonettes moaned in ecstasy even as they were torn apart, cat calling the contempt-laden souls within with promises of returning the wondrous sensations they were being granted at a later date.<br/>
<br/>
Machines that had once been tanks, once been dreadnoughts, once been nothing but a chemical and drug fueled dream marched as well towards the ever more ruined structure. Black and pink lascannon fire erupted from haphazard pipes that had been stuck into them, while from within some of the machine gullets came horrific flesh and metal monstrosities upon the heads of which was burnt the sigil of Slaanesh itself. Constantly shuddering and twitching abominations that had once been tech priests of mars and servitors were strung up atop them or led them from the ground, scrap code endlessly dribbling out of rusted and painted vocoders.<br/>
<br/>
Occasionally there was a great flash and a sight that would cause the eyes of mortals to flash boil in their sockets before the smoke and light would clear and reveal entire squads of chaos space marines, horns and hooks liberally spread out across their persons. Banners of skinned foes held up on the backs of especially powerful champions marked the leaders of entire warbands, while the disgusting tentacles and split open heads of the possessed marked those who had delved too eagerly into what the warp offered them. Even the rare grouping of obliterators arrived, their frames slathered with gore and offal as they eagerly shambled forward to join in the grand occasion.<br/>
<br/>
The Emperor’s Children were not alone in these dozens of constant arrival though that blighted Legion was certainly the majority of those corrupted marines present if one did not count the faceless masses of those who had fallen to Slaanesh’s service in their own ways. Warbands came who had fallen after the Horus Heresy had run to its completion, handfuls and in some cases entire former companies had come to this single massive hill. Chapters lost to the warp and had never again emerged had come, here, with little sign of who they might have been even in the labyrinthine records of the Administratum.<br/>
<br/>
Some had come through the warp directly, brought by sorcerers or daemons and bargains or the simple whimsy of the Warp’s masters. Many had come with ships and in fleets that were still high above the planet Cadia itself engaged in void battles that involved such numbers and complexity as to literally drive insane lesser captains who had not the fortitude and ability of their admirals and fleet masters. Vessels of the space marines, of Chaos, of the Mechanicus and its counterpart, and of the Imperial Navy fought there and with such ferocity and firepower as to light up the darkness as if a star itself had planted itself between them.<br/>
<br/>
Such a mighty force could bring not just a single world to its knees, not a single solar system, but whole sectors. Perhaps if concentrated and led with a will capable of corralling the insane desires and wishes of the servants of the ever thirsting Slaanesh they might even have been capable of consuming an entire Segmentum in horrific writhing. Perhaps that will might have called itself Abaddon the Despoiler when he had managed to contact and bring together the tremendously fractured traitor legion that was the Emperor’s Children in his dark wishes to set the entire galaxy aflame.<br/>
<br/>
Perhaps.<br/>
<br/>
Then again, perhaps that unity and discipline were beyond them should a truly incredible prize present itself. Only a blink separated the vision of so many servants of the Dark Prince working in unison to the sight of them now tearing each other to pieces. More sonic cannons were being fired at fellow chaos space marines and ripping flesh and corrupted souls to shreds with gleeful laughter than were actually being levied at the chapel itself. Tens of thousands of devoted cultists howled with fury and a forever intensifying kaleidoscope of emotions as they crashed into each other with blade and guns in hand just as hundreds more charged the chapel.<br/>
<br/>
Champions of warbands met on the field with sinuous flickering blades, while competing chaos lords smashed into each other intent on keeping the other from coming even close to the prize that awaited them within the chapel. Machines and mutilated abominations bit and clawed and shot out guns lined with warpstuff and fury given physical form at the behest of their masters in great numbers that created enough carnage to impress even a Khornate berserker.<br/>
<br/>
“It is mine, it will be mine, I will have it!” screamed a corrupted marine as he beat his former comrade’s face in before a bolter round blew his head off.<br/>
<br/>
“No,” boomed a voice that cowed some of the most insane of the Emperor’s Children, “We shall <i>all</i> have it.”<br/>
<br/>
From an explosion of warp energies did emerge a hulking figure draped in daemon-forged armor and drenched in the blessings of Slaanesh. Those that still possessed eyes of flesh that had not melded with their helmets or melted away to produce several more across their bodies widened in surprise at the voice and who it heralded. For those of the Emperor’s Children who still possessed the memories or the sanity to focus it was impossible to mishear those words and the uncomfortable yet impossible to ignore discipline in that voice.<br/>
<br/>
A former Lord Commander of the entire legion was not one that they could ignore, especially given his favor with their chosen God.<br/>
<br/>
Eidolon glared with the six eyes that sprouted unevenly across his face at the chapel which still defiantly stood. Atop it, the ragged and badly torn banner of the despicable loyalists within remained standing and it was that which truly enraged him. Tubes and injectors across his armor activated then and he groaned under the pleasurable rush of drugs and sorcery which suddenly infused him then. His fury sparked to new heights and he shuddered at the glorious sensation.<br/>
<br/>
“You are, all of you, fools! For every one of you that you slay, that is one less who shall be able to present the prize to Lord Fulgrim!”<br/>
<br/>
With a wave of his armor’s claws he shredded a noise marine who had just hefted their weapon and drank the whole of their diseased soul with relish. With the opposite arm he pointed with his massive corrupted storm bolter towards the chapel.<br/>
<br/>
“These...<i>Blood Ravens</i>,” he spat the name – how dare they lay their hands upon it – and stomped hard enough to force the earth beneath him to tremble, “Cavort and laugh at your infighting while all the while <i>Forgebreaker itself is in our grasp!</i>”<br/>
<br/>
He roared to the skies, then, and called to the <i>Wage of Sin</i> which had just barely pushed itself into position between the fighting going on not just between the forces of Chaos and the Imperium but between the conflicted forces of the Emperor’s Children themselves.<br/>
<br/>
“Bring them down. Bring them <i>all down</i>! But do <i>not</i> fire upon the chapel itself! <i>Forgebreaker</i> must be reclaimed by <i>our</i> hands!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================​</div><br/>
<b>+002.M42+</b><br/>
<br/>
They had fought alongside one another for over a year, and so Logan Grimnar felt it appropriate that he leave his fellow son of the Emperor with the truth.<br/>
<br/>
“Your plan is a mad one, Aramus. To break the authority of Abbadon from the leash of a fourth of his forces is an admirable <i>goal</i>, but you cannot possibly do so.”<br/>
<br/>
The younger marine shook his head slowly.<br/>
<br/>
“It must be done. Or at the least, attempted.”<br/>
<br/>
Logan growled.<br/>
<br/>
“You still have yet to tell me how you intend to do this at all,” he stabbed a finger in the marine’s direction, “And so long as you do so, as long as you break any trust in <i>you</i> with your secrets, then you shall find no allies amongst the space marines for your actions.”<br/>
<br/>
The Old Wolf was not ignorant of the small meetings between the Blood Ravens and the Space Wolves, and their foolish and suspicious traipsing around the Imperium. Accusations of theft, of corruption, their reliance and high population of psykers, the lack of information surrounding their origins, and more was evidence enough to distrust them in all things. Yet after an entire year of hearing of the so called ‘Hammer Saint’ of the Blood Ravens and then fighting alongside the younger astartes across Cadia had lessened such things.<br/>
<br/>
Until now.<br/>
<br/>
All the old thoughts came back, and Logan felt his lip curl at the uncomfortable twist to the marine’s head as he turned away. He would not say how he planned to somehow do this, no information was offered and any attempts to learn more were turned away. None could sway them from their…ways…it seemed. The accusations of corruption had easily flown and from his mis-directions and occasional outright lies Logan was finding his opinion of the Blood Ravens rapidly eroding.<br/>
<br/>
“Then why are you leaving,” Aramus suddenly returned, “The Black Crusade certainly hasn’t ended, why have the Space Wolves pulled out so suddenly?”<br/>
<br/>
Logan scoffed.<br/>
<br/>
“Some secrets must be kept, <i>boy</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
The matter of the Wulfen across the galaxy was something that could lead to Leman Russ himself! All secrecy was thus required involving them lest the Inquisition turn against them for what the wulfen might appear as.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus said nothing after that, and Logan remained silent as well. Their budding friendship died, then, strangled by competing secrets they refused to share. No other chapters would support the Blood Ravens in their insane task, for they could not afford to share the knowledge that <i>Forgebreaker</i> itself was kept within the strike cruiser <i>Retribution</i> they had arrived in. A weapon hotly desired by the Iron Hands and any who sought to try and bargain with a weapon forged by Fulgrim himself, it was a weapon that Aramus had only brought with him for the purpose of destroying it. Or at least that is what he had told himself.<br/>
<br/>
But now, finally, an opportunity presented itself. The taint of the weapon meant, the Blood Ravens knew now, that it could never be returned to the Iron Hands. This would turn the First Founding chapter against them if they learned of this, but it was considered a worthy issue. If only because of the fact that Barbarial had a vision which led to a different path. A path that Aramus, for all his savaged pride, felt might provide a good death. A hundred years of Penitence would never be completed. Not for a single group of marines, a single strike cruiser, not when assigned to the Eye of Terror.<br/>
<br/>
Not even he, one who had crossed weapons with an Avatar of Khaine in close combat, believed such a feat possible for he and his brothers.<br/>
<br/>
Better to die.<br/>
<br/>
Better to die in the service to the Emperor than live for himself.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div><b>+003.M42+</b><br/>
<br/>
Aramus wheezed as he collapsed, falling backwards against a massive stone pillar as a dozen heavy wounds wept blood and exposed cracked bone even through the terminator armor. He had fought every foe that the galaxy had thrown before him but that alone had been one of the hardest fights of his life. The Shield and Thunder of Lyonis was now <i>only</i> the Thunder of Lyonis. The shield which had been broken apart only minutes before had guarded him against some of the greatest dangers in the galaxy but beneath a never ending deluge of blows and lack of <i>time</i> for maintenance it had finally broken down beneath the expert assault of the just barely slain member of the Emperor’s Children who had somehow rallied his brethren against the chapel.<br/>
<br/>
“C-commander,” Thaddeus gurgled from an opened throat that he was quite literally holding shut to keep himself from dying while Kogal did his best to keep Aramus alive. “W-we made it.”<br/>
<br/>
A wet chuckle escaped his lips as he said this, his now obliterated jump pack abandoned next to him as the pile of unrecoverable scrap that it was. No other wound marked him, the golden armor of the Custodes – or so it was claimed as such at least – preventing such with admirable durability. So it was that one of the now dead members of the Flickering Blades had struck at one of the few parts of the marine still exposed. Slowly his throat began to clot, and a moment later he removed his hand now that a massive scab had grown there. With fumbling fingers he tore open one of the last medical kits they had left and began to apply it.<br/>
<br/>
Gunfire still came from where the remains of the Penitent Blood Ravens continued to fight. Where once they had numbered forty-seven, now they were but fourteen space marines who could still exist outside of a dreadnought shell – all <i>ten </i>by now in use by those who could not otherwise survive their wounds. Piles of shell casings had built up besides the windows sills from which terminators let loose with their assault cannons, heavy bolter fire from their three remaining devastator marines cutting down even more foes. No statue in the chapel remained whole now save perhaps for the Emperor at the dais itself and even then the head had been blown off in the fighting leaving it only ‘mostly’ unblemished in comparison to the ruined remains elsewhere.<br/>
<br/>
Eidolon, Lord Commander of the Emperor’s Children, as he had identified himself, had nearly ended Aramus five times within the first seconds of their duel while the rest of the Penitents fought against the unexpectedly unified charge of their foes from all sides. It was, Aramus contemplated as his vision greyed from the bloodloss, a worthy prize to be gained for all of this. Who could have thought that letting prisoners return to the enemy, of whispered rumors that the Blood Ravens had possessed <i>Forgebreaker</i> and that he had even personally used it in battle had drawn them in.<br/>
<br/>
Displaying it like the prize it was had driven the servants of Slaanesh <i>mad</i> with greed.<br/>
<br/>
“They certainly do desire it greatly as you said Barbarial,” he grunted to the smog chugging bulk that was the Librarian now that he had been interred in a dreadnought. “Though I still do not quite understand <i>why</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
Barbarial, who had been savaged by a sextuplet of Slaaneshi sorcerers, did not respond for a moment from within the depths of his coffin before finally reacting with a tremor along his now metal fists.<br/>
<br/>
“They…see it…as…a pass. A key. A prize…to gain…passage…to their Primarch,” he ground out, the effort of speaking horrifically difficult through the fog of the half dead. “He is…hidden…from…them. If…they…possess it…they believe…they…may reach their deviant God’s most secret of pleasures.”<br/>
<br/>
“Ah,” Thaddeus spoke from where he now stood, having walked over to watch over his force commander. “That explains why they fight amongst themselves for it,” he gestured towards the massive basalt box which lay in the center of the room with a several visible psychic bindings placed upon it besides the chains. “Whoever claims it will be most esteemed in the eyes of their gene-father…or so they hope.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus hissed as the rest of his wounds were barely shut and waved off his brother apothecary to go and perform his holy duty now that the force commander was not in immediate danger of dying.<br/>
<br/>
“We can always hope,” he groaned in pain before he leaned heavily on his thunder hammer, “That the first of them to pick it up will be instantly vaporized for bothering their daemonic father from his deviancy.”<br/>
<br/>
A hail of bolter fire and las bolts from the south wall drew their attention as one of the few remaining tactical marines there popped up from behind cover to return fire with a most furious litany on his lips.<br/>
<br/>
“To be fair, Commander, we all expected to die minutes after you secretly broadcast to the enemy of what we possessed,” Thaddeus piped up again, absentmindedly revving his own relic weapon. “That we’ve lasted this far at all is a blessing from the Emperor.”<br/>
<br/>
“Perhaps,” Aramus grunted. “All we needed was a momentary break in their formations. A single instant that could change the course of the void theatre, and we did it,” he leant his head back within his armor with a clank as he waited for the pain to pass…though something told him that it would never fade completely before he would fight once more.<br/>
<br/>
“Until the Despoiler brought in his reinforcements,” Thaddeus hung his head as well, leaning against a pillar himself as the exhaustion crept up on him once more.<br/>
<br/>
“Until…yes,” Aramis sighed, “Until then.”<br/>
<br/>
The two remained that way for approximately thirty seconds before Sarrelen arrived with a storm bolter in hand.<br/>
<br/>
“Force Commander, as requested. Where…is the Shield of Lyonis?”<br/>
<br/>
“Destroyed by the last chaos champion,” Aramus murmured before he strode to one of the windows and began to fire out at the enemy. Thaddeus left to another window of the chapel and began to let loose with his own bolt pistol.<br/>
<br/>
“De-destroy-<i>destroyed</i>-..I suppose that was inevitable,” the tech-marine sighed before he too moved to the new hole in the wall that was in fact the result of the most recent successful enemy charge and began firing out with his heavy bolter.<br/>
<br/>
Throughout it all, Apothecary Kogal carefully extracted the gene-seed from all his recently slain brothers and stored them with the rest. He hoped that he would be able to hide it from the eyes of the servants of Chaos, but considering the trouble the Blood Ravens had been making for all this time…he doubted it. They had disrupted the Despoiler’s plans, the servants of Slaanesh abandoning theatres across the Eye just to arrive over Cadia and fight amongst themselves and attempt to gain the tainted relic, and in doing so likely gained the ire of Abbadon himself.<br/>
<br/>
With care, he packed the last of them away into one of his last containers and secreted it away in a place that only one other knew the location of for when the inevitable happened and they were finally overrun. The one known as Eidolon had not been the first powerful Slaaneshi warlord to rally the others and force them into concentrating solely on the chapel, and he would not be the last. At the <i>least</i>, they had ten mighty dreadnought brothers still in functioning condition capable of holding whole sectors down with their mighty weaponry.<br/>
<br/>
“I just hope we die before we run out of ammo,” he mused to himself as he racked the slide on a bolter, “That would be just so much less…dignified.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================<br/>​</div><b>+004.M42+</b><br/>
<br/>
Where there once stood a chapel there was nothing now but a vaguely shaped pile of rubble. Some chunks of scorched masonry reached the chest height of the average space marine though the vast majority were less than waist high. In many cases there was nothing at all but dust, slag, and shell casings. Abandoned and dry flamers were strewn across the ground as well, joined in some spots by ruined bolt pistols and bolters who had no more hands to hold them and no ammo to fill them, and in three separate cases lay the destroyed and blackened hulks of once living dreadnoughts of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
Craters from artillery fire were slathered about the hill before those who had ordered such bombardment were executed in case they accidentally destroyed the prize. To harm something that <i>Fulgrim himself</i> had forged even if it were before he had reached his ascendant perfection was blasphemous to them and so the mortal fools who had sought to do so in their ignorance were slain. The fact that the symbols of the Eight Fold Path had been carved into their flesh only worsened matters. The entire fight had taken on a great many new prongs.<br/>
<br/>
Many fought each other with the confidence that if the rest of their rivals were simply <i>dead</i> then those who survived would be able to take the chapel by themselves. Others fought back out of self-defense in turn. Many more turned themselves against rival powers for by this point the Imperial forces had long been forced in retreat across the planet and left only a few small holdouts behind. While the orbital battle had turned greatly against the Despoiler the ground battle was nevertheless grinding on to the detriment of the God-Emperor’s children. Servants of Khorne, of Nurgle, of Tzeentch, they too found the time for treachery as they attempted to steal the prize out from beneath the hands of the Emperor’s Children.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus groaned as he dragged himself into position, his storm bolter finally exhausting itself into the screaming body of a possessed marine who collapsed as the damage dealt exceeded even its own supernatural ability to survive. He blinked rapidly in order to clear the bleariness from his eyes. Even a space marine needed to rest at some point, they could not function endlessly <i>forever</i> without any rest while in constant combat. Even their superhuman physiology could not sustain such a pace as had been set before them for so long. It was to his shame that the most recent rest forced upon him by the apothecary had come just before another concerted push arrived, a rest he had struggled his way out of with immense difficulty due to the absolute exhaustion drenching his soul. He ducked slightly as a blast of warp-touched sound waves slammed into the chunk of rubble that had provided itself as cover before leaping above and then down from it.<br/>
<br/>
The Thunder of Lyonis sparked wildly as he drove it down from the top of the former astarte’s head down past the groin. Bisecting a target, especially a space marine, with a <i>hammer</i> was a feat that was more strength than anything else but Aramus did not deny that there was a slight bit of satisfaction in the deed. Another possessed charged him from the left while a noise marine with three large blades shaped like <i>musical notes</i> of all things in mutated arms came from the right. He slew them both, the first with two swings of his hammer and the third by shoulder checking them and bringing the hammer down upon the chest to pulp it. As ever, now, he ensured to stomp the remains down to ensure that they did not somehow get back up to their feet. It was too easy for a servant of Slaanesh’s exultant scream of pleasure to match a death scream. Sometimes they were one and the same even, but not always. A costly mistake as three of his brothers had learned early on this fight. A lasbolt cracked into his forehead and though it would scar it certainly wasn’t enough to truly bring him any appreciable pain.<br/>
<br/>
He was too <i>tired</i> for that now.<br/>
<br/>
Even so, he turned and readied himself to face the bayonet charge of a hundred mortal traitor guardsmen before Thaddeus swept past him in a flash of golden armor and growling chainsword. Then, soaked in their blood, his friend and ally returned just as quickly though the bags under his eyes and lines on his face made him appear to be a marine centuries older than he actually was.<br/>
<br/>
“They are getting bolder,” Thaddeus said as he ran a free hand through his hair. They’d run out of ammo for his bolt pistol weeks ago.<br/>
<br/>
How many remained, at this point? Too few, ever too few.<br/>
<br/>
“True,” Aramus said without emotion.<br/>
<br/>
It was…interesting to be him, in that instant. To be a Hammer Saint of the Blood Ravens. To be one of their most accomplished brothers in the history of the chapter. To have been so <i>reviled</i> by Gabriel Angelos for doing what needed to be done to save their Recruiting Worlds. In that instant he had hated the older marine for doing that. Before the heat of his pride and arrogance had been stripped from him by the hard travel toward the Eye of Terror, and the crucible that had been the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade. For he had reached, now, a place of such total exhaustion that he simply could not manifest contempt for those who had found his methods distasteful. Nor shame for when he had heard the words of the Iron Hands who had arrived months ago who had berated him for doing what he had.<br/>
<br/>
Oh yes, for the tale of the Bloody Hill had spread amongst both the forces of Chaos and that of the Imperium. Somewhere within the blighted areas taken by the Archenemy, lay a hill surrounded by a great ocean of corpses. A proving ground between those that would call themselves true servants of the Dark Gods. First it had been claimed by Slaanesh, but soon enough the chance to kill and bring down the servants of rival Gods had been enough to draw in others. The tale went that at the very center of it there was a group of insane space marines of the Imperium who had somehow acquired the legendary Forgebreaker itself and offered it up as a prize to any force willing to take it from them.<br/>
<br/>
Partially the truth, and yet partially obscured by the insanity of those telling the tales again and again.<br/>
<br/>
For the Imperium, it was either a tale of heroes sacrificing themselves to draw even some small measure of the enemy away from the front lines back within the theatres long claimed by the Dark Powers or that of mad heretics who had clearly joined Chaos in their mindless insanity using a holy relic of the loyal Primarchs. Either way it was unknown just who ever be able to be proven right, for no Iron Hands were able to penetrate that deep into enemy territory without being destroyed themselves either on the ground <i>or</i> in orbit. They had tried many times, and had lost many brothers in those attempts.<br/>
<br/>
All the while, the pendulum swung back and forth with gears greased in tears and blood.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus stood upon the hill and looked out at the separate camps of foes which had encroached ever closer as they ran out of ammo. Out of grenades. Out of any medical supplies whatsover. Out of everything but the courage in their hearts and the knowledge that they could <i>not</i> die without taking as many of the enemy with them as possible. High above he could even see as the ships moved this way and that, some crashing down onto Cadia itself for how low in the atmosphere they were when they died. He could only hope that those crashing so were those of Chaos rather than the Imperium.<br/>
<br/>
“Contact with the <i>Retribution</i> is gone, Thaddeus,” Aramus said through cracked and dried lips, “We will receive no more supply drops from them. Either the strike cruiser has gone out of range, our thunderhawks are finally all destroyed, or any number of other possibilities. The fortifications of the enemy make it impossible regardless for them to even try and attempt to relieve us.”<br/>
<br/>
The sergeant froze for only a moment before continuing in his stride alongside one of the handful of Blood Ravens yet still fighting from within terminator armor.<br/>
<br/>
“I…see.”<br/>
<br/>
“This,” Aramus carefully clasped Thaddeus’s shoulder, “Is it. I have seen it in the enemy movement. I have seen it in the ships above as they jockey for position. I can…feel it.”<br/>
<br/>
“This is it,” Thaddeus repeated quietly. “I…it has been an honor, Aramus.”<br/>
<br/>
“No it hasn’t,” Aramus snorted as he strode towards the center of what had once been a chapel’s floor. “In my foolishness, I brought corruption into Avitus and many of our brothers. I dragged you all out here on a Penitent Crusade when in truth we both know I could have convinced Angelos to force but me to go.”<br/>
<br/>
Before him, somehow still untouched, lay the stone and metal coffin they had elected to contain the corrupt <i>Forgebreaker</i>. The chains upon it had steadily turned black as the malignant influence of the weapon within worked upon them over time but they had not broken by any means. The binding rituals that the Epistolary had wrapped about it still functioned though these too were fading without regular maintenance that the dreadnought-bound librarian could no longer perform. Which was fine, Aramus knew.<br/>
<br/>
With one motion he brought down his hammer upon the chains, and broke them.<br/>
<br/>
Again did the Thunder of Lyonis fall, and the stone was cracked. Psychic energies exploded outwards and burned at his flesh and armor but Aramus weathered the pain all the same. He had suffered many magnitudes worse at the hands of the enemy throughout the entire overly extended fight to the death that holding the damn hill had become. He did not react at all when the hammer was revealed to the world save for a slight bracing of his feet as the tainted aura bloomed outward once more without restraint. Before him lay a perfect specimen of a weapon.<br/>
<br/>
He knew, if he were to reach down and wield it, that he could slay all who would try and face him that day. He could crush entire warbands with it. He could save every one of his brothers here, those that remained, who had died for his pride and arrogance and for the <i>Emperor</i>. Who would know if they fled? If he, at their head, led them to some isolated part of the galaxy and waited out the rest of the Crusade so that they could return to the Chapter? None would speak against him, if he took it up. Prathios was not here, he was busy on the other side of the ruins fighting off a rush of cultists armed with nothing but blades. The Chaplain would say nothing even if he was here.<br/>
<br/>
They trusted him, they trusted him to lead them, to keep them alive.<br/>
<br/>
Would it be so bad…if he took up a Primarchs weapon, and with it, forged a destiny where <i>his</i> name was spoken with as much reverence as They?<br/>
<br/>
“Yes,” Aramus grit out at the thoughts pushed into his mind by the daemon-twisted thing, “It <i>would</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
There was no retreat. There could be no surrender. There was no chance to survive.<br/>
<br/>
And so Aramus brought down the Thunder of Lyonis one more time upon the unholy hammer.<br/>
<br/>
Several things happened at once.<br/>
<br/>
The sudden explosion of Chaotic energies blasted both Aramus and Thaddeus onto their backs.<br/>
<br/>
The Thunder of Lyonis was vaporized in Aramus’s grip for having the temerity to strike and outright shatter an object that the Daemon Primarch Fulgrim wantonly desired.<br/>
<br/>
The vast majority of Slaanesh’s servants across the entire Black Crusade <i>recoiled</i> as a great and terrible scream echoed up from the warp and into their minds. They lashed out in turn, their minds utterly blanked by that single and seemingly endless howl of inhumanely potent emotion. Against each other, against their so-called comrades, against their slaves, against themselves if nothing else was in reach. The battle barge <i>Wage of Sin</i>, left bereft of Eidolon’s presence, fired upon its escorts and was subsequently invaded by the Black Legion to quell it – but so furious at the interlopers for arriving upon its decks the daemons within the ship elected to rend the entire structure apart then let them have it.<br/>
<br/>
And all those who had surrounded the chapel turned, as one, as they knew within their dark blighted souls that the prize they had been slaughtering each other for all this time had been stolen from them by the audacity of the loyalists.<br/>
<br/>
They were not pleased.<br/>
<br/>
“I think,” Thaddeus groaned as he got to his feet with the aid of Aramus, “That was a good hit.”<br/>
<br/>
“One problem,” Aramus said then, “…I don’t have a weapon anymore.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course you do, Force Commander,” called out one of the last of the terminators of Contemptum Squad.<br/>
<br/>
Two separate thunder hammers sailed through the air for Aramus to catch one in each hand.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother Heka…”<br/>
<br/>
“It is not as if they were otherwise being used,” the assault terminator shrugged as best as he was able within his armor.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus twirled them each once before nodding.<br/>
<br/>
Around them rose the indignant cries, the disbelieving screams, the furious roars, the hating shrieks from all sides surrounding the chapel. Old alliances and old grudges temporarily forgotten beneath a blinding sheen of pure hatred which pleased all of the Four at the same time.<br/>
<br/>
“Right. So…this is it,” Thaddeus hopped back and forth on his feet a few times before nodding and grabbing a second chainsword for himself – for indeed, there <i>were</i> no more ranged weapons to use by now.<br/>
<br/>
“Brothers,” Aramus called out, raising one hammer in the air and pulling the shattered remains of his fellow Penitents forward. “Space marines! Blood Ravens! Our time on this world is <i>done</i>! We have slaughtered many, and will kill many more this day before we fall!”<br/>
<br/>
They let loose ragged cheers, energy filling them for the first time in…quite a while indeed.<br/>
<br/>
“We failed the chapter once, we shall not do so again! Here is our final stand!”<br/>
<br/>
He thrust one thunder hammer towards the shattered remains of <i>Forgebreaker</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“There lies the shattered remains of their precious prize! A weapon of the Primarchs themselves, but tainted by Chaos!”<br/>
<br/>
With the other hammer he pointed out towards the massing hordes which were already beginning to run towards them.<br/>
<br/>
“There lies the enemy! Coming to take us! Coming to slay us! And they <i>will</i>, but not until we reap a great and bloody toll from them!<br/>
<br/>
They stamped their feet, some banging their weapons together. Thaddeus, unbidden, went and grasped Aramus’s personal banner, the banner of their penitent crusade, and attached it to the back of the force commander’s armor.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Unknown Primarch! For the Emperor! For the Imperium!”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus turned then, and got into one of the first combat stances he had ever learned when wearing terminator armor. His voice was no less loud for it.<br/>
<br/>
“NONE SHALL FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
Within one minute, Aramus had killed fifty mortal cultists and three chaos space marines.<br/>
<br/>
Within two minutes, every single Blood Raven still alive was engaged with at least three foes at once.<br/>
<br/>
Within three minutes, they were completely surrounded on all sides.<br/>
<br/>
Within four minutes the dreadnoughts had formed a circle within which Apothecary Kogal desperately tried to extract the gene-seed of just one more fallen brother.<br/>
<br/>
Within five minutes, three of the dreadnoughts had fallen, and hundreds of traitors and heretics with them in return.<br/>
<br/>
Within six minutes, Aramus had killed three more chaos champions responsible for the burning of entire worlds yet such was the crush of enemies that he did not even truly notice save for the acknowledgement that three less weapons were trying to kill him.<br/>
<br/>
Within seven minutes, Chaplain Prathios had fallen, his mighty crozius was subsequently crushed beneath the heavy boots of screaming obliterators as they waded forward out a desire to outright beat their foes to death.<br/>
<br/>
Within eight minutes, all but two of the dreadnoughts were all brought low, their weapons torn from them and their hulls were stripped open to reveal the barely living prizes within.<br/>
<br/>
Within nine minutes, Gilroy Lechris, the mightiest and last remaining champion of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, had his head torn from his shoulders by a daemonettes blade that he could not defend against while blocking out the attacks from five different other foes.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus did not waste his breath on final defiant words, using every breath and pump of his hearts to kill just one more cultist. Just one more chaos space marine. One more daemon. His vision was nothing but the enemy, all around him. Leaping upon him, clawing into the armor, stabbing and ripping at the flesh of his face. At one point he thought he heard the voice of Thaddeus but he could not see him. The sound of chainswords was no comfort either for plenty of those weapons were wielded by the enemy all the same. His bulky terminator armor found itself a simultaneous detriment and boon in those desperate final moments. Its sheer size prevented blows that would otherwise have been fatal from being so yet he could not move fast enough to fight as he could at full speed. All around him the hill writhed with bodies that had so heavily covered it, crushed in amongst one another. In their insanity they tore at allies just to get closer to the Blood Ravens, until the forces that had surrounded them all this time old and new had packed the hilltop and last vestiges of the chapel itself in a morass that was near solid in its volume.<br/>
<br/>
“In the name of the Emperor…<b>burn</b>, heretics!”<br/>
<br/>
Cerulean and emerald fire erupted from the fist of Epistolary Barbarial’s dreadnought then as it slammed into the earth, and a great wave of it blazed outward. Aramus jerked as the weight of over a dozen frothing traitors covering him disappeared as they were burnt to ash upon him. All around them, hundreds were dealt the same fate. Daemons were banished by the flames in wordless shrieks while dozens of chaos space marines found that their long war ended in the same fires they desired to set the galaxy alight with. A magnificent explosion of psychic flame washed over those still loyal to the Emperor and left them untouched but destroyed all else. Dirt and rock disappeared beneath it for while it was fire that washed over them the fire had been of the immaterium and so carried its unnatural properties and deadliness. Much was turned to slag, or glass.<br/>
<br/>
Barbarial’s dreadnought shell cracked half-open from the exertion, the arms melted apart into pooling molten liquid upon the ground, the legs of the entire dreadnought shell crumpling into rapidly aged rust, yet the explosion of fire continued to propagate outwards until it had eclipsed the entire hilltop and staggered out halfway down the entire pile of dirt, earth, and blood. From the lowliest cultist and slave to the most beloved noise marines of Slaanesh, were the servants of Chaos burnt away.<br/>
<br/>
No more would come from the Librarian that day, his might fully extinguished in that single moment.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus found himself standing, then, alone. Every other brother had fallen or been ripped apart. He had been in the midst of being pushed to the earth by sheer weight of foes, where he would surely have died. Blood wept from too many wounds.<br/>
<br/>
The universe was still.<br/>
<br/>
Then, a battered Kogal began to crawl wordlessly towards Gilroy with his sole remaining limb and the all-important device upon it. It was, for just that instant, absurdly quiet as the apothecary extracted the fallen 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company member’s gene-seed. Even the sound of artillery in the distance was muted. Then Kogal let out a single sigh of relief that he had preserved such a valuable example of the chapter’s precious genetic history, and lay still once more, still save for the slightest of breaths. Thaddeus rose from a vast pile of ash, sitting up from where he had been dogpiled, bleeding from a handful of wounds, each of which would slay a mortal man. His chainblades still whirred in the absence of a foe to slay, and he ever so barely managed to get to his feet after Aramus offered him a hand. Where one of the thunder hammers had gotten to, he did not know, only that it had been torn from his grip.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, unexpected by all, rising up from the ash, was Nereus. The sole scout of the penitents remaining brushed the ash from him and shook his sniper rifle once to clear it of the dust, but said nothing at all, holding to his vow of silence even now.<br/>
<br/>
A silence now matched by the rest of the few surviving Blood Ravens as they shuffled together. Sarrelen’s servo-harness had been torn from him, yet the tech marine himself still lived as they discovered. Even if he would require a new left eye and arm. Kogal stirred as his stimulants and the literal last drops of painkillers he possessed were injected into himself. A faint wheezing noise came from the ruined wreck of Barbariel’s coffin, the Librarian within still alive despite everything.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus gazed upon them all, even as Thaddeus moved forward to aid the apothecary in retrieving the gene-seed of everyone who had fallen and would certainly not be getting back up. Everything else around them was silent, the only signs of who had once just been swarming over them being blackened ash which was even now washing away in the winds of the battlefield. Nothing remained of so many chaos space marines, so many daemons, so many cultists, abominations, creatures, and slaves, nothing but ash and the Blood Ravens who lived despite all odds.<br/>
<br/>
This…was not supposed to happen.<br/>
<br/>
It felt, to Aramus at least, as if it were all some cosmic joke, some…twisted roll of the die that they had lived when the universe itself had seemed quite determined to ensure that they be slain there after using and then destroying the legendary relic as they had. There was no reason for them to be standing and if he was honest he had not really planned for the ludicrous idea that they could still be alive afterwards. Uncounted tales existed in the Imperium of glorious last stands, but rare were those that ended with the ones making said standing still living. Did some dark god cackle at them for this in the Warp? Had the Emperor somehow intervened? Or was it something else?<br/>
<br/>
He did not know.<br/>
<br/>
But they were alive, despite everything. A bare handful compared to what they once numbered, but they still yet lived. Eleven suits of terminator armor were nothing to be scoffed at either, despite the incredible amounts of damage dealt to them. For all that their apothecary and tech marine were crippled with their skills combined much could be mended. They had destroyed the prize, and were likely to thus be hated. But the enemy had exhausted themselves as well, dealing immense damage to one another. In that final rush, those running artillery and crewing vehicles had left their machinery behind. The daemonically possessed engines had gone silent. War camps outside of the hill were wholly empty of their occupants. They were, for a wonder, completely alone with no enemy in sight. Aramus marveled and recoiled at this, for he had fully intended to die and found himself completely unprepared for the new reality of his life not yet extinguished. He marveled for a full ten seconds.<br/>
<br/>
Then, comparatively sluggishly to the past, his mind once again found a path forward despite his weariness.<br/>
<br/>
“Sarrelen, how long will it take to get the Epistolary functioning again?”<br/>
<br/>
The tech priest froze slightly and then turned to look at him, straightening slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“Commander?”<br/>
<br/>
“We can’t just remain here brother,” Aramus bared his teeth. “Our task is done, the weapon destroyed. How long until we can <i>leave</i>?”<br/>
<br/>
“I...if we use the other dreadnought frames…I could put something together in an hour, but he will require intense maintenance rites simply to move, much less use any weaponry.”<br/>
<br/>
“It will have to be enough,” he nodded, “ Nereus, scout a path for us back towards Imperial lines,” the fact that they didn’t even know what direction Imperial lines were <i>in</i> at this point went unsaid, “Kogal, keep yourself from bleeding out, if you would. Thaddeus?”<br/>
<br/>
The assault marine turned at him with only one staggered step to betray how tired he truly was before he saluted.<br/>
<br/>
“Sir?”<br/>
<br/>
“Patrol the immediate area. If you see more traitors or heretics coming for us, tell me.”<br/>
<br/>
An hour later, the all six of them finally, <i>finally</i> surrendered the Bloody Hill and disappeared into the wastes that were Chaos-controlled territory. When the next batch of heretics arrived to investigate the site they were subsequently blown to pieces as Nereus's secreted detonation packs which were placed directly beneath the shattered remains of <i>Forgebreaker</i> went off on proximity. The Bloody Hill, as it had been known, would fade away under the endless marching boots of the enemy and treads coated in blood, but that would come some time later.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens were far, far from there by that point however.</div>
  </body>
</html>