<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Nine): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Nine): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left">​</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Decisons</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] To The End: The Slaughra as a civilization has ended, yet the corpse continues to twitch. The 10th Company could assist in putting down the last of the Slaughra. This is barely even war, rather, it is an extermination. See to it that the Blood Ravens continue to contribute, and thus cannot be complained of leaving the 'grunt work' to mere mortals.<br/>
[X] The Hammer: Join the Blood Ravens with the landings of the Guard and the Order of the Lost Rosetta. While not necessarily performing speartip strikes or the like, the force multiplier of having space marines augmenting these somewhat more mundane forces cannot be underestimated, in morale and effectiveness. If the Blood Ravens should show themselves to be pure once more, what better way than this, when you can amply demonstrate yourselves to those who are certainly watching? It might not be as precisely effective as more traditional space marine tactics, but how long was your Chapter aloof under the hand of Kyras?</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: left">​</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
Sorcery and technological defenses both prevented an easy landing, but the forces of mankind were not so spineless as to turn away from such a fight. Heavy transports slammed down through the atmosphere like stones carrying the forces of the Imperial Guard and Order of the Lost Rosetta alike, while vast clouds of fighters and bombers flooded down from the lower atmosphere. There was no time to waste, no uncertainty that could be allowed. In a rolling tide of steel and fury, did the forces of the Imperium assault the combined heresy of Chaos and xeno life at once. The response, of course, was immediate, as cannons all across the surface of the main city woke up. The daemonworld had its own defenses spewing unnaturally moving sludge and acids that melted through void shields and metal alike, spikes of crystallized light and shredding clouds of laughter and scream given physical form. Bombardments slammed down into those shields, forcing the attentions of those who maintained them, just one more component of the oncoming invasion which sought to burn the entire planet down to its cinders.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Invasion Wave 1<br/>
93 vs. 36<br/>
</b><br/>
Sanctioned psykers cried out, Librarians grit their teeth, and for a wonder, the first wave plowed through the defenses without breaking apart entirely. Assaults of daemonic screams and great plumes of flame that erupted from diseased pustules on the planet’s surface were diverted, dissipated, destroyed. A great bevy of drop pods bearing the tested yet unbroken sigil of the Blood Ravens, crashing down at landing sites to release space marines into the horrific landscape that was the daemonworld. It had no name known to human ears, much less one that could be understood without stripping slivers of one’s soul away, but it did not matter. Bolter shells and heavy boots sufficed to crush and stomp out a writhing living world which had sunk halfway into the accursed Warp. They called out their litanies of hatred, and ranks and ranks of brothers of a diminished chapter who fought on regardless. You crushed a dozen mutated slaughra in the first few moments as they charged out of the muck that was their home, great resounding booms of <i>Godsplitter</i> matching the entry of transport ships bearing the sigils of the Ecclesiarchy.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Invasion Wave 2<br/>
91 vs. 1<br/>
</b><br/>
An ailing and ancient transport ship carrying Imperial Guardsmen was struck, only for it to slam instead into one of the very defense towers that had killed it. In a miracle, it would later be told, the vessel’s Machine Spirit managed to save almost all its occupants despite slamming into the earth at fatal speeds. They would emerge to unleash their fury with grenade and flamer and plasma, as screaming sisters of battle secreted amongst their number stood at the forefront against a world for which every inch was steeped in corruption. A trio of basilisks fired earthshaker rounds at distant targets as they were disembarking, one firing so powerfully that the war machine was knocked back almost halfway into its own carrier. One shielding array failed entirely as a swarm of sororitas ignored orders to link up with other troops and charged ahead, alone, faith and flame marking their merciless passage through the streets. They returned carrying a third of their number in dead, but with smiles and songs on their lips as the ash from the destroyed shielding tower coated their bodies.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Invasion Wave 3<br/>
44 vs. 35<br/>
</b><br/>
A beast emerged from the depths of the planet, blasting out of the streets and sewers, the size of a Titan, made of chitin and metal alike, ten thousand twisted slaughra whose flesh and forms had bulged and grown and melted together as heated wax as a sheath of musculature to form the beasts frame. It roared out, nine arms with far too many joints and far too much strength, each swatting at incoming transports. It died, screaming, as it fell to the earth once more, this time dead, from combined armor assaults from a dozen Leman Russ tanks, but the damage had been done. More would begin to emerge, the buildings which had made up the cursed city writhing in their birthing throes as daemons found their holds into the material realm, for blood was spilling and war was being made. But the landing was done, with the favor going in the name of the Emperor, and so the true fighting began. Thousands had died before firing a shot, and thousands more would die in the fight to come.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================​</div> <br/>
<b>Technological Shielding Assaults<br/>
65/42/54/79/62/23/95/13<br/>
Vs.<br/>
25/51/31/45/21/40/82/15<br/>
<br/>
4 Of 8 Shield Sources Destroyed</b><br/>
<br/>
Ahead, the tower glimmered with eldritch warplight, the environment writhing more and more the closer one got to it. The thunder of the storm about them was phelgmatic laughter and sultry moans, maddened shrieks of rage and fury, and screams of avian and man alike. Lightning was multicolored, appeared from nowhere and lancing out with no discernable specific pattern.<br/>
<br/>
Ten tanks advance in front of everyone else, liberally spraying copious amounts of purifying flame upon every possible surface. This is partially because everything is made of twisting daemonflesh or sprouting stone which either grows spikes and fires them or simply sprouts daemons, and partially because of the daemon hordes which come screaming out of the shadows and even thin air. The Guard huddle close to the tanks and their own marching sororitas guards, priests bearing chainswords bellowing endless litanies of purity and courage. From the speakers of the tanks and rhinos come further Ecclesiarchal hymns that serve to at the least keep the majority of the Guard from collapsing outright from their terror, though even an hour’s march has seen notable casualties to madness and suicide. Of those that run screaming out into the bloodmist, nothing can be done. Interspersed throughout, the Blood Ravens fire their own weapons upon the seemingly endless foes before them, a single marine standing close more than enough to bolster the hearts of the men and women of the Imperial Guard.<br/>
<br/>
Canoness Clarissa hums quietly and quite atonally as she slams her ceramite-clothed fingers onto the war machines heavy keys. They clack heavily, but for all that the music that erupts from the device is hauntingly beautiful. As it advances, the Exorcist continues to fire missiles high into the air from its pipes, each salvo accompanied by the music she plays. At some unseen signal, Tarkus noted that they could only guess as the Lost Rosetta seemed wholly unwilling to share their private channels, the entire formation came to a halt. His company twisted back and forth, firing continually, while others dared to dance close enough with chainsword and power sword against the creatures who got far enough. Finally, a second and clearly heavily modified rhino approached in reverse, before the hatch slammed down and a duo of techpriests emerged, a mottled servitor between them carrying a new rack of missiles in multiple servo-arms.<br/>
<br/>
“Is it ready, then?”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus turned to look at the Canoness, whose expression was unreadable due to her helmet. Even now, in the depths of a Daemonworld, she was dour and calm.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Canoness, and Omnissiah willing, this will bring us one step closer,” one of the techpriests calls back, scratchy vocoder making them sound reedy and skittish.<br/>
<br/>
“Then load it, and we shall see,” she nods firmly.<br/>
<br/>
The difference between what had been fired before and would be now was clear, and unsettlingly slow. What replaced those pure promethium and chemical flames was something else entirely, something that was not-quite something that Tarkus had seen before in his many long years as a Blood Raven. Only a few others would have recognized it, he knew, Cyrus perhaps amongst them, but none of the younger marines in the Chapter would. He was as of yet still unsure whether or not it was a good thing. His face cast into its permanent scowl, he stomped forward until his approach garnered the attention of Canoness and techpriest alike.<br/>
<br/>
“What do you want, space marine,” was her almost droning sneer.<br/>
<br/>
“Where did the Order of the Lost Rosetta gain <i>phosphex</i> from? Or at least this near-imitation of it.”<br/>
<br/>
Unconcealed malice glimmered in the Canoness’s eyes above her breathing mask.<br/>
<br/>
“You are correct, space marine,” she tilted her head robotically at him, “It is not phosphex. Not yet.”<br/>
<br/>
“You’re trying to <i>recreate </i>it?” Tarkus stared at the Canoness.<br/>
<br/>
“It is the Omnissiah’s will,” the techpriest half-screeched. “The heretek Veriliad damned himself the moment he destroyed the holy STC!”<br/>
<br/>
“You risk much using something even somewhat similar on this world, the consequences -,” Tarkus began before the Canoness let loose a rusted laugh.<br/>
<br/>
“This is a world doomed to die, <i>forever</i>, space marine. What does it matter how we poison its surface beforehand?”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================<br/>​</div><b>Sorcerous Shielding Assaults<br/>
53/47/65/69/51/70/43/5/82<br/>
Vs.<br/>
6/3/47/84/55/88/69/54/73<br/>
<br/>
4 Of 9 Shield Sources Destroyed<br/>
</b><br/>
A blazing golden aura surrounded them as they marched, the writhing earth burning seemingly both from presence and blazing promethium alike. The sororitas prodded the bevy of sanctioned psykers forward, their guards adding to the punishment. Men, women, and a duo of bawling children bled from the eyes and ears as the surgically implanted devices that filled their skulls demanded ever more from them. Before them, walls that resisted krak explosives, tank shells, and worse finally began to shudder and break as the metaphysical bonds that kept them strong were torn apart in multiple planes of reality. At a cried signal, a group of seraphim plunged forward through the air, a squad of Blood Ravens beneath them, smashing through the barriers that had been built on sacrifice and sorcery. Within, daemons screeched in challenge as their sanctum was breeched, while dozens of Guardsmen went mad at the noise alone. Those that survived that much and were ordered inside by Commissar’s more often than not ended up dying as their souls were snuffed out by the environment itself, seeping and bleeding out of their very pores to be absorbed by the world around them.<br/>
<br/>
Elsewhere, the Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens clapped his hands together, the spells barring the way unraveling entirely to reveal the target within. It was a massive spinal cord, made of blood and brass melded together, from which monstrosities of both substances were unnaturally birthed. In the gaps between the segments creatures crawled forth creatures of sinew and screams woven into physical form, only to be caught alight by blessed promethium and unrelenting bolter fire. Guardsmen howled into the madness with their own screams, many shutting their eyes and blindly loosing las bolts into the oncoming hordes, contributing as best as they could. A penitent engine, carrying a sororitas who had dared to counsel mercy instead of purgation for a horde of cultist children, stomped forth towards the column, laden with explosives in such number as to make its machinery groan with the effort. She hummed a lullaby even as she was filled with razor spines and burnt black, embracing the Chaotic edifice with care before the explosives detonated. In an instant, she was redeemed in the annals of her Order, while the daemons howled from their anchors lost. Two dozen guardsmen were caught in the explosion, regarded as acceptable casualties.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================​</div> <br/>
The daemonworld shudders from the war that has become its surface.<br/>
<br/>
Daemons explode into being from the air, from the ground, and from the very corpses of the fallen. Of the guard, at least, for the sororitas are somewhat more inviolate to the influence of the Great Enemy all about them. Sisters of the Lost Rosetta chant holy hymns and let loose with every bit of fiery fury that they can, with Retributor squads making their way through organic slurry turned flash fried ash. So too do the Blood Ravens, the standards of the chapter raised high upon the backs of sergeants and taken hills alike. But none of this, even the successes made, are without cost. A city block transforms into a giant maw, swallowing three Leman Russ tanks and a squad of sororitas whole. Artillery shells fly up into the air, are possessed by daemons, and fly back to their launching point to erupt into rifts into the Warp itself.<br/>
<br/>
Even as certain vital towers fall, ritual sites torn asunder, and lives lost in sacrifice and heroism, the result remains grim.<br/>
<br/>
“It is not enough, Chapter Master,” Graves tells you through weak and tinny vox cast, a chorus of damning whispers attempting even now to worm their way in your ears, “Initial bombardment attempts are not yet having any noticeable effect!”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well, Admiral,” you mutter, <i>Godsplitter’s</i> head swinging out to crack a daemonette in the chest and tear it apart. “We shall fight on.”<br/>
<br/>
You lift the daemonhammer high, its field sparking furiously as its fulfills its purpose, and march atop the nearest pile of slaughra corpses. Behind you, weary guardsmen, wide-eyed zealots of the Lost Rosetta, and Blood Ravens watch as you ascend. The terminator armor crunches and squelches the corpses beneath, but you make your way regardless. A xeno round smashes against your armor, but fails to do more than scuff the paint. Apollo, you can see, even now is charging against the enemy ahead. The enemy surrounds him and an assault marine squad, daring to probe the enemy lines before the battle you were fighting was even done.<br/>
<br/>
“In the Emperor’s name!”<br/>
<br/>
<i>Godsplitter</i> points out at the enemy, ensconced in their bunkers and buildings, spiked chitin-wire over their trenches. Behind that lies yet another site where sorcerers and slaves labor.<br/>
<br/>
“LET NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>First Phase Losses</u></b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Fatalities</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[4] 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (5)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[1] 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marine Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (1)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[3] 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (3)</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Casualties</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[2] 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[5] 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[3] 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
</ul></li>
</ul> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div><b>Technological Shielding Assaults<br/>
61/73/93/5<br/>
vs<br/>
41/50/2/69<br/>
<br/>
7 of 8 Shielding Sources Destroyed</b><br/>
<br/>
The sky was a multicolored nightmare, screaming faces of brothers lost and foes slain leering. But for the life of him, he could not figure out <i>why</i> he was stuck staring at it as he was. His body shook from side to side, and that alone engendered anger. One had to keep moving, always, for that was life itself. To be without movement was to die! Yet despite this he could not do it, he could not move! Fury burned in him, his veins ignited, but he couldn’t move! All that was possible was for him to blink and snarl at the sky which snarled back. Daemons, guardsmen, sororitas, even dead Blood Ravens. For an instant, worse than any of them all, he thought he saw the sneering face of Kyras.<br/>
<br/>
“K…,” he spoke through split lips and bleeding guns.<br/>
<br/>
“By the Emperor!”<br/>
<br/>
“The Captain is down! Move up, move up, protect the captain!”<br/>
<br/>
“K-kk,” Hadrian growled.<br/>
<br/>
<i>‘Let the Galaxy Burn!’ </i>Those damn words, spoken for the first time since the Horus Heresy and resounding even now. Daring to use the vox channels of the chapter, laughing, cackling, glorifying in it all! In that moment, Hadrian had been attacked from behind by traitors within his very squad. Forced to fight across the void itself as the chapter turned in on itself. Traitors and heretics. Monsters and cowards, all of them, waiting, waiting! Waiting to betray them all!<br/>
<br/>
“The predator is damaged, get to the Captain!”<br/>
<br/>
“How could he have survived!?”<br/>
<br/>
“KKKKYYYYRRRASSSSSS!”<br/>
<br/>
And Hadrian rose, his broken neck and cracked vertebrae shifting as his twinned hearts pounded. Smoking ruin was all that was left of the front of his power armor, from pauldron to pauldron, from gorget to belt, and yet the Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Rose. A broken arm flexed, hand gripping around the scorched edges from where the warp blast had slammed into the front of the predator he had been atop, while the other grasped the flickering plasma pistol he had carried with him all this time. The predator’s crew had been injured, forced into suspended animation, one likely dead regardless, but he rose from their motionless bodies screaming fury.<br/>
<br/>
One eye, the other obscured by bruised and pain-swollen flesh, glared in the direction of the slaughra mutant beast, its entire mouth replaced with a bastardized and xeno equivalent of a lascannon.<br/>
<br/>
“I’M NOT FINISHED WITH YOU YET!” Hadrian roared, firing at it with remarkable accuracy.<br/>
<br/>
An instant later, the rest of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> were there, firing krak missiles and heavy bolters. The beast died in a wild conflagration, its own corrupted fuel fluids igniting. Hadrian did not notice this, firing until the heat of his plasma pistol began to boil at his hand’s flesh. He screamed and raged at the dead even as his marines dragged him back, retreating from the failed assault and bringing the ruined predator with them. It took five marines to hold him down for the apothecary to force him into suspended animation. The other marines injured in the failed attack were taken into the hands of the healers as well, while the rest of the Company fanned out to defend them.<br/>
<br/>
Elsewhere, the battles were more successful, the daemons and beasts assigned to that defense lost to the others. The Guard’s armored fist pounded one arcane tower to oblivion, its heretical xeno mechanisms broken down by relentless basilisk and leman russ fire. The Sisters of Battle simply hacked another apart with penitent engines, whose flanks and rears were guarded by repentia sisters who screamed as they fought the daemons and slaughra which reared up to try and repulse them. In another location, the hammer <i>Godsplitter</i> and legendary Apollo Diomedes shattered the enemy, breaking their defenses and bodies with equal prejudice. The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company bore the brunt of the assault, and did not falter in the slightest.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Sorcerous Shielding Assaults<br/>
50/75/32/96/97<br/>
Vs.<br/>
25/32/77/14/9<br/>
<br/>
8 of 9 Remaining Shielding Sources Destroyed.</b><br/>
<br/>
“I…I can’t, my…my <i>mind</i>!”<br/>
<br/>
The lexicani howled, yet even as he collapsed to his knees, clutching at his head, the pain lifted away. No. It remained, yet simply somehow was weathered. The psyker blinked bleeding eyes to stare up at the giant figure which had stepped up next to him. Justinius reached down, lending his hand, to help the younger marine to his feet, before the Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens let a mirthless yet somehow comforting smile come to his lips. The rest of the Libarians, their blue armor splattered with ichor and dirt, assembled as well.<br/>
<br/>
“Rest, young one. You do not bear this burden alone. Blood Ravens!” Justinius boomed, his voice unnaturally loud, “<i>Bring it down!”</i><br/>
<br/>
Lighting, clean and jagged, erupted from around them. Barriers of solidified blood brought strength of adamantium through sorcery were melted to bubbling slag. Slaughra sorcerers found their own minds crushed, the daemons they summoned and bound to them turning upon them. Before the assembled might of the Blood Ravens, their powers and arcane might availed them for nothing more than dying tired. Behind them, two dreadnoughts crunched into the earth from drop pods, emerging quickly and firing krak missiles and lascannon fire as well. The immaterial and material alike burned with that which could destroy them, and so with the snapping of a hundred minds and a thousand souls, the barrier in the atmosphere disappeared.<br/>
<br/>
The lexicani stared at this, his own powers meager yet in comparison, before nodding, helped to his feet by his fellows. Around them, detachments of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> and 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Companies stirred, as their psyker brethren took the requisite sixty seconds of rest. Once it was done, Justinius nodded, and jerked his chin towards the next target. Across the vox, they felt reports flitter in. One tower down as Hannibal marshalled an entire regiment of Guardsmen to follow him into battle. Another as the Order of the Lost Rosetta used enough promethium as to allow the flames to be seen dozens of miles away, an entire xeno city-spire set to burn down. Elsewhere, the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company under Tarkus fought in a combined force with the Guard to bring ruin to the works of the xenos.<br/>
<br/>
“I have word from the Chapter Master,” Justinius told them all, through flesh and mind-voice. “It is done. We all have orders to pull out before Exterminatus commences.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div><b>Evacuation Procedures (Guard): 84 vs. 5<br/>
Evacuation Procedures (Rosetta): 20 vs. 68<br/>
Evacuation Procedures (Blood Ravens: 33 vs. 50<br/>
</b><br/>
The slaughra knew. How could they not? There were a vast number of sources which engendered their final desperate fury. Foresight from the sorcerers. Whispers from the warp in the minds of the mad. Daemons cackling from the skies and in the shadows. Some had known it was coming, yet with Nurgle in their hearts they had persevered. Or for the joy of the experience. Some were so lost to Khorne’s bloodlust that they did not have the actual thought to spare for it. Orbital scans and observer posts knew something was coming as well, even as the orbital fire from the ships of the Imperial Guard had steadily walked their way from battle to battle. Yet in the end, it came down to instinct. The sensation of the final blow on the way, and a final lashing out. In vast numbers the slaughra abandoned their defensive posts, their daemon-machines unleashed in their totality, plague bombs and other weapons unleashed.<br/>
<br/>
They could not actually stop it, but they could make the ones who had come from the stars bleed for every inch. A half dozen aspiring sororitas who wished to become Canonesses instead became martyrs, screaming in hatred and ecstasy as the bombs they had willingly born with them went off. Brother Deimos of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company let himself be torn asunder, the young assault marine showing mettle centuries older than his scant decades should have provided, his two chainswords preventing an entire tide from overtaking his squad for precious moments. A pair of 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Devastators allowed themselves to be swallowed up as a distraction, only the arrival of Hannibal Palrum himself ensuring their savaged corpses could be retrieved. All this and more, and yet of those superhuman beings of the Blood Ravens, the holy servants of the Ecclesiarchy, it was the Guard which fared best in comparison.<br/>
<br/>
For those but mere mortals, recruited and garbed in flak armor and lasgun, they fought and bled and obliterated the foe as they attempted to advance. Ranks of armor steadily churned their treads, bulwarks each, while an endless hailstorm of valkyries and marauder bombers blew apart the field. It was they who turned, a regiment here, a half-a-regiment there, forging out into the tainted landscape to fight alongside those who had shed blood with them. Certain commissars wished to enact executions for daring to go against the retreat orders. Certain commissars were found dead from enemy fire. It was the priests, wielding their gigantic blades, who cheered the fight, the heroism, and tore apart the xenos with sheer volume of fire. They screamed, and shuddered, those guardsmen, but they grit their teeth and continued to fight regardless.<br/>
<br/>
Many died, many were injured, and many were lost forever to the daemonworld’s embrace. But many more escaped. And thus did the ships of the Blood Ravens flock together over the last world of the Slaughra, tainted or otherwise. Their machine spirits glowered with spite for what lay beneath them, and the munitions loaded would be the display of that fury. There was no pause. There was no offer of surrender. For this was not orbital bombardment. It was genocide. Utter destruction. And all the howling of Chaos below would not avail it, not in this moment, for the spirit of the defenders was too weak, their devices and rituals broken, and there would be no saving them. A warp storm, perhaps, began to shudder and shift throughout the solar system, but it would not be fast enough.<br/>
<br/>
For the first of the cyclonic torpedoes began to fall. Thermonuclear atmospheric obliteration and nuclear fission were unleashed, and the daemonworld screamed. Its shriek flooded the vox, scattered the auspex to paint the picture of a furious snarling face out of target points. Astropaths died outright, mutated and had to be put down, or in one case exploded into a warp portal that released a full dozen bloodletters that required a great number of armsmen to put down. Continental plates cracked open, and released magma that twisted and shifted like a living organism. A civilization died screaming, and it was good. A world died, and it was good. A threat to the Imperium ended.<br/>
<br/>
Praise the Emperor, for his work here was done.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Second Phase Losses</u></b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Fatalities</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[2] 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (4)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[1] 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (2)</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Casualties</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[5] 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[6] 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[4] 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Captain Hadrian Priscus Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
</ul></li>
</ul> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================<br/>​</div>There are a great many less sororitas present at the meeting than there were before. Only Tenenbaum is present, in fact, and two seraphim honor guard. Her armor is still dripping with gore, blood steamed into dryness from the heat venting of her fists. The same General as before is here, though he looks to have aged a remarkable number of years since you saw him last. Graves, out of everyone, looks as he did before. Only the slightest amount of bloodshot in his eyes marks the stress he was under. Before you is a display of the planet below, a molten and dead ruin where once there was a blasphemous civilization of xenos. The techpriest present adjusts some knobs and depresses some ruins, and the holo shifts, expanding outwards to mark the entire system.<br/>
<br/>
“It is done,” Graves pronounces, and a faint weight lifts from the shoulders of everyone here, save your own and that of Tenenbaum. “The slaughra threat is ended.”<br/>
<br/>
She knows, as you do, that they next fight is surely just barely in the distance.<br/>
<br/>
“General Filmore, your men did well, well indeed,” Graves nods towards the man, who curtly nods his own head. “Holy sister, Chapter Master Angelos, my thanks to you as well,” he looks at you. “Without the aid of both of your organizations, this fight may have taken far longer.”<br/>
<br/>
“The Emperor’s Will was done here today,” Tenenbaum says, her voice still filled with a quiet simmering hatred. “Many of my sisters died to fulfill it, but they do so joyously, in His name.”<br/>
<br/>
“It is the duty of His Angels of Death, Admiral,” you say, nevertheless granting a bow of your head at his words.<br/>
<br/>
“Nevertheless…rest assured that Segmentum Command will hear of all of your valor, all of you,” he shifts his eyes from each one of those who commanded on the ground. “But I shall not keep you. We all have our dead to tally, the costs to pay, and repairs to make.”<br/>
<br/>
Tenenbaum clamps her power fist over her heart, bowing slightly, before turning to leave with a heated glare at you. Let her keep her suspicion and mistrust. The Blood Ravens have done little but earn it. You can only continue on your own course, and show her the error of her anger’s direction. Hours later you and the rest of the Blood Ravens have gathered together, to honor the dead, process those who must be healed, and see to the vehicles and drop pods back to their stations. The techmarines will certainly have their hands full as you move on. Already, other ships from the Imperial Navy are entering the system, for while the sororitas may be leaving, as are the Blood Ravens, it will be up to the Guard and Navy to fortify and hold these worlds, that colonies may be built upon them and make better use than the slaughra ever could have. All three Company Fleets return to join their remaining brothers in the void. The 10th Company rejoins the rest of the Chapter, their grim work complete, the scouts of the Blood Ravens proving to be of great use in hunting down the last of the slaughra and tyranid organisms. All the while, throughout the fighting, had the forges burned, every moment of downtime - what little there was - dedicated to further training. So does the Reclamation Crusade come to an end.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><i><b>Polonius Reclamation Crusade Results:</b></i>​</div> <br/>
<b><u>Z04X</u></b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Fatalities</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[10] Scouts [1st Stage] (12 Geneseed Recovered)</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Promotions</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>14 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advance to Full Battle Brothers</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>50 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Advance to Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Relations</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>No Imperial Guard Reputation Loss</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>No Imperial Navy Reputation Loss</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>No Ecclesiarchy Reputation Loss</b></li>
</ul></li>
</ul><b><u>Z04Y</u></b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Fatalities</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[6] 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (5)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[1] 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marine Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (1)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[4] 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Slain, Gene-Seed Recovered (3)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>9 Gene-Seed Total Recovered</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Casualties</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[7] 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[11] 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[7] 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Captain Hadrian Priscus Severely Injured, Non-Combat Effective</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Promotions</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[5] 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Deemed Veterans </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[10] 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Deemed Veterans</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>3 Lexicani Deemed Codicier-worthy In Control And Strength</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Land Vehicle Damages</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[1] Predator Badly Damaged! Requires 50BP To Repair.</b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Fleet Losses</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>x2 Gladius Frigates (4th Company)</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>x2 Thunderhawk Gunships (<i>Great Father's Fist)</i></b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>x2 Thunderhawk Gunships (<i>Omnis Arcanum)</i></b></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Relations</b><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Battlefleet Korianis [Imperial Navy] Is Now Suspect[+]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Korianis Sector Command [Imperial Guard] Is Now Suspect[+]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Order of the Lost Rosetta [Order Minoris - Descendant of Order of the Bloody Rose] Is Now Suspect [+]</b></li>
</ul></li>
</ul><u><b>Overall</b></u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Tyranid-tainted Slaughra Civilization Destroyed</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Chaos-tainted Slaughra Civilization Destroyed</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Slaughra Race Extermination Complete</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Guard Losses Above Administratum Estimates, Deemed Acceptable After Analysis Of Enemy Post-Campaign. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Lost Rosetta Loses Above Ecclesiarchy Estimates, Convent Sanctorum Messaged For Replenishment.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Imperial Navy Fleet Losses Above Administratum Estimates. Undergoing Replacement, Repairs.</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Victory Achieved</b></li>
</ul><div style="text-align: center"><b>Other Matters</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><u><b>Librarium</b></u><br/>
<b>Justinius Creation Attempt: 90<br/>
Relic Force Staff Created</b>​</div><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><i><b>Talonstaff of Jonah-</b></i><b> Forged in the same vein as the daemonhammer <i>Godsplitter</i>, this Force Staff possesses a fragment of an Ulthwé Avatar of Khaine's Wailing Doom weapon implanted in it, as well as fragments of the Force Staff used by Jonah Orion. It crackles with a deadly energy that is anathema to warpspawn, and seems to carry with it the same unrelenting will of Jonah himself at times. (+1 Toughness, +Miscast Chance Reduction, +Anti-Daemon Effects) [Special Characteristics: Master Crafted, Shard of Ulthwé Avatar Wailing Doom Weapon Implanted In Force Staff]</b>​</div></li>
</ul><div style="text-align: left"><b><u>Forges</u></b>​</div><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>Recovered Ultrafortress Predator Hulls Reconsecration And Repair 57/73/51/85/64 [All Successes, 5 Predators Added To Chapter Ranks. One predator possessed Twin-Linked Lascannons]</b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>25x Scout Armor Constructed</b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>7 Psychic Hoods Constructed</b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>3 Crozius Arcanum Constructed</b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>Relic Armor Construction For Cyrus Octavius [30] Failure. Regular Scout Armor Constructed. </b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>The <i>Howling Hatred</i> [7+5=12/500]</b>​</div></li>
</ul><b><u>Training</u></b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 704+90+Apollo(29)=823/800] Maximum With Apollo Training Possible Achieved! Further improvement will now only come from within, not without. </b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill 4 To 5: 396+59+Apollo(29)=484/500]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[Chapter Training – Strength 4 To 5: 96+30+Hannibal(25)=151/500]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill 5 to 6: 314+40+Hadrian(25)=397/600]</b></li>
</ul><u><b>Recruitment</b></u><br/>
<b>To be posted along with other things at beginning of Turn 23. <br/>
<br/>
As decided by exacting conversation, the gene-seed implanted under Plan: You Are Not Welcome Here, Alien Scum at the beginning of Turn 22, will be harvested at the <i>beginning </i>of Turn 23, for usage within various purposes. This is the method for going forward. Gene-Seed implanted during Turn A is harvested at the beginning of Turn B, and that's just it. If I contradict this going forward, inform me. </b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>