<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Four)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Four)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Fast Rescue</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Fast rescue<br/>
-[X] Captured Hangers 2<br/>
--[X] 10th Company, 1 non-Terminator Squad of 1st Company+2 1st Company Dreadnoughts (ranged equipped preferably), Chaplain Uther Volkoss, 2 Techmarines dig in and entrench. Reorient the turrets if necessary, effect what repairs possible to the Thunderhawks, stabilize the wounded.<br/>
-[X] Defensive Lance Battery 3<br/>
--[X] All 1st Company not defending Hangers 2 or going to find Doukas, Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus, Chaplain Ateren cut a path internally through the Anchorage<br/>
-[X] Squad Retrieval<br/>
--[X] 10 Terminators from 1st Company Teleport to Doukas's position &amp; reinforce them. Attempt to meet up with Gabriel's force afterwards.<br/>
--[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chaplain Ravias, Chaplain Antonius, Apothecary Falkor Ryll, Chapter Honor Guard, 5th Company head deeper into the Anchorage, destroying targets of opportunity along the way. After resolving the fate of Sergeant Doukas's squad, assist with Lance Battery 3 if they're still fighting.<br/>
-[X] Bombarding Defensive Lance Battery 1<br/>
--[X] 5th Company Strike Cruiser Rage of Erudition, 1 Hunter Destroyer, 1 Nova Frigate. Secondary target Shield Battery 2.<br/>
-[X] Bombarding Enemy Hanger 1<br/>
--[X] 5th Company Battle Barge Litany of Fury, 1 Hunter Destroyer (1st Company). Secondary target Shield Battery 2.<br/>
-[X] Aiding The Navy<br/>
--[X] All other ships (10th Company Fleet, 1st Company Fleet)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Bringing Fire To Darkness<br/>
+015.M42+ To +020.M42+<br/>
+<i>Distrust The Xeno, Hate The Xeno, Kill The Xeno</i>+</b><br/>​</div>“For the Emperor!” Doukas grunted out as he tore his power sword from the chest of the eldar so that he could block an incoming sword blow directed as his neck.<br/>
<br/>
Around him, the bodies had slowly piled high, the speed and trickery that the xenos possessed amounting to less and less as the amount of available space for them to make use of it decreased. More than one of the grotesques he had faced, those mad designs of the eldar haemonculi, had possessed the strength of an astartes and more, but thus far he had yet won out. Some of his brothers…had not. Some of them, he knew not, for they had all be broken up so that their greater knowledge might benefit other squads, some he did. All that their deaths did was inflame his fury further, to allow him to slay more of the enemy. He knew, of course, that eventually he would be overwhelmed. His drop pod had performed far in excess of its purpose, for which it might be commended by a techpriest, but thus far it had seemed to only doom him.<br/>
<br/>
It was then that a blast of light and the tingling remnants of the warp crawling into real-space ever so slightly such that a faint chill heralded their arrival, did a squad of fully armored terminators appear in the corridor. A split second afterwards their storm bolters were triggered, tearing dozens of surprised abominations and xenos to pieces. One of the trueborn, marked by his more elaborate armor, barely had time to open his mouth before a backhanded strike from a power fist exploded everything from the waist up. Doukas grimly nodded but once in their direction before returning to the fight, power sword flashing and bolter booming.<br/>
<br/>
The carnage only grew, as ever more of the mad creations of the dark eldar spewed forth from their tunnels, walls, and even the ceiling itself as they fought their desperate battle. Even so, Doukas noted with clinical detachment as more of the xenos themselves seemed to be retreating from the fight in favor of letting the abominations fight for them. Far more of his focus was on the enemy, of killing one more, of preserving the sanctity of the bodies of those of his brothers who had already fallen in the initial moments of the conflict. Time blurred away, the ground piled up with shell casings as stormbolters fired endlessly, heavy bolters spitting out death into the ranks of cackling creatures. One, he thought, might once have been an ork given its skin coloration or perhaps it was the viscous acidic poisons within its veins that had lent it the color.<br/>
<br/>
It was only as he heard the crackle and boom of power weaponry and smashing of bodies that he realized why they had turned away from the fight against he and his brothers.  From behind the morass of bodies, their own dexterity left useless against sheer weight of fire, did come the Chapter Master himself. With each swing of his daemonhammer, did another eldar die. Beside him came Apollo Diomedes, once one of the greatest heroes the Chapter had once ever possessed, his face set and grim without a hint of the boastful cries he once let fly in battle. Lighting and fire spewed from the hands of the Chief Librarian to set the xenos to wonderfully sounding screaming. Better than all, however, was the heartening shouts of the Chaplains, led by Master Palrun, for it was those voices which provided the greatest of succor after so many long decades surrounded by the endless worshipful cant of the Mechanicus towards the Omnissiah. Hearing sermons of the Emperor invigorated him more than anything else ever possibly could have.<br/>
<br/>
He would admit, however, that when he was brought to his knees by an eldar grenade that warped gravity terribly so that even a terminator was nearly crushed to death, it was the Chapter Master who bid him rise.<br/>
<br/>
“Sergeant Doukas. Report,” Angelos grunted even as he turned to smash another grotesque, while behind him Justinius let loose another blast of lighting which shot down a cackling hellion from the air to smash into the ground as a charnel pile of flesh.<br/>
<br/>
“Five dead, the rest are combat-fit.”<br/>
<br/>
“May they find the Emperor’s side,” Angelos nodded once, before turning away.<br/>
<br/>
Nothing more needed to be said. The apothecary emerged from the bloodletting, his white armor soaked in a disturbing rainbow of modified life-required fluids, acids, and more, to perform his holy work. Upon the vox channels the signals strengthened as the interference from the various subsystems of the Anchorage itself began to fail, and he heard once more the venerated voices of the captains of the fleet as they continued to bombard their targets. That, coupled with the cries of victory from those who had apparently been sent to another lance battery, made for a more than triumphant return as they cut their way free. Steadily, more and more of the eldar seemed to disappear, either to return to their cursed home or to fleet through other methods.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================<br/>​</div>“Chapter Master,” Hadrian’s voice cuts through the noises of battle as you and the rest of your battle brothers repelled seemingly endless waves of twisted and malformed flesh. “The <i>Litany of Fury’s</i> target has been destroyed, the second shield battery is near to collapse.”<br/>
<br/>
“Good news indeed, Hadrian,” you grunt out as you shoulder charge a bulging mass of muscle from which a dozen swirling monomolecular blades spun wildly as three feet crunched their way forth. “The other bombardment targets?”<br/>
<br/>
“Destroyed. I will remain upon the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, but shall turn the rest of the fleet against the enemy ships. The Navy has lost many men this day, and I can still direct our ships from here. They fight like cornered rats.”<br/>
<br/>
“They will die like them,” you intone before switching over to Cyrus’ channels. “Captain? Report.”<br/>
<br/>
“We’ve repelled several attacks, though I could do without the chatter. Clearly these two techmarines have forgotten some of the lessons they were taught before going to Mars.”<br/>
<br/>
In truth, you can hear them bickering even now.<br/>
<br/>
“- laser battery meant for anti-armor purposes you can’t just turn it on a charge of slaves just because-,”<br/>
<br/>
“-it tore through them regardless! Just because you couldn’t turn the quad bolter around in time doesn’t mean that my rapier-,”<br/>
<br/>
“-<i>YOUR </i>rapier?! It’s not <i>yours</i>, its the Chapter’s!”<br/>
<br/>
“- I am wielding it in the <i>name</i> of the Chapter! Thus, for this moment, it is – look, ownership is nebulous considering-,”<br/>
<br/>
At that point Cyrus cuts back in, thankfully so.<br/>
<br/>
“We have repelled various assaults, though as time has gone on fewer and fewer eldar can be seen. I suspect that they are up to something, though they could simply be retreating through internal webway portals.”<br/>
<br/>
Hmm. It is something to consider. As such, you turn to your Chief Librarian.<br/>
<br/>
“Justinius?”<br/>
<br/>
A massive explosion ripples throughout the entire Anchorage, then, and then from Justinius erupts a wild blaze of unrestrained light and power. He turns to you, eyes now practically miniature blue-lit stars within his sockets, and with a slight tilt to his head.<br/>
<br/>
“The last shield battery has shattered, and with it, their anti-psyker defenses,” he explains before lifting a hand to summon a ball of ethereal flame to his hand which then quickly evaporates into nothingness. “I…can <i>see</i> them…HADRIAN!” he suddenly yells, “Prepare your defenses, they make to board you and escape upon the Litany of Fury! The last of their webway portals have failed!”<br/>
<br/>
“Understood,” is the Master of Fleet’s terse reply.<br/>
<br/>
A dire moment passes, during which the enemy finally slackens in their pressure upon your forces as they apparently have finished exhausting themselves to keep you back, and another series of shudders erupts from the Anchorage itself. You do not even need to hear Hadrian’s noting of enemy boarding slivers shooting out in a great shower filled no doubt not with the cannon fodder you’ve faced thus far but with actual eldar warriors. At the least, Hadrian had some time for preparation which few others forces in the galaxy would have possessed.<br/>
<br/>
Even so.<br/>
<br/>
The Anchorage will not survive the solar day. It is obvious in the damage dealt to it by the many bombardment cannons which have been unleashed against it. It was inevitable from the moment that you ordered weapons that could batter planets into submission be used against but a single station. Despite its size, it has clearly sustained heavy damage. More and more foreign warning alarms blare wildly, lights blinking on and off through the fire and smoke that are the evidence of the Emperor’s fury unleashed upon this vile place.<br/>
<br/>
“They failed to pierce the shields protecting the bridge, but have struck center mass within the ship and are attempting to head here now,” Hadrian reports tersely, “I am marshalling the serfs and combat servitors upon the ship to defend it! The <i>Litany </i>shall not fall on this day!<br/>
<br/>
 “Chapter Master,” Apollo murmurs from your side as ever, “Your orders?”<br/>
<br/>
<u>Stage 2 Complete:</u><br/>
- 3 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Dead. <b>+6 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- 2 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Dead. <b>+4 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- 5th Company Squad Recovered! Casualties Taken, 5 Marines Dead! <b>+10 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- <i>Litany of Fury boarded! Enemy Archon and Personal Guard present!</i><br/>
- Dark Eldar Anchorage is on the inevitable path of destruction, and is collapsing! Forces must either achieve their objectives upon it quickly, or retreat very, very soon!<br/>
<br/>
<u>Anchorage Assault Troop Deployment Decisions [Stage 3]:</u><br/>
<b>Note: You do not have to assault every position, it may be better to concentrate your forces on some targets now and then attack others later.<br/>
Note: Precise determination of enemy troops present on Anchorage impossible at this time due to psychic baffles, sensor-ghosts, etc. Librarius efforts at such things in turn is similarly stymied, as well as additional warp fluctuations present in system.</b><br/>
[] From The Hangers: This location has been captured successfully, a great amount of enemy weaponry and ships destroyed before they could exit and be used against the forces of the Imperium. Thus far they have proven mighty bulwarks against the charges of the enemy, with enemy assaults weaning off even now. You could order that they take their thunderhawks and begin flying up to aid the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, or they can hold it for those forces who may be arriving soon enough. (Write-In Forces Dedicated To This Objective)<br/>
[] Heading To The Hangars: Not all of your forces can be teleported out, but instead must march their way back to the Hangar or elsewhere potentially. Those that head for the Hangars will surely not face nearly as much resistance as you have up until now, due to many of the xenos fleeing into the Webway or joining their Archon in their attempt to claim the <i>Litany of Fury</i> to escape upon. (Write-In Forces Dedicated To This Objective)<br/>
[] Loot Enemy Command Center: Deep within the Anchorage lies the Command Center of the entire Anchorage. With the great holes now blasted into the station, deep striking and thunderhawk deployments are possible. While the Archon is now upon the Litany of Fury, information gleaned from here might give better information about the Dark Eldar and their potential movements throughout the entire Sector, technologies, insights, and more. And, of course, for while None Shall Find You Wanting...Knowledge Is Power. <b>Deep Strike Teleportation and thunderhawk assault possible.</b> (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Teleport To The Litany Of Fury: The Archon of this entire Kabal, along with several of his guards, have boarded the <i>Litany of Fury</i> where Hadrian is currently based. It will take time not only to fight back to the Hangars, board the thundrhawks, and return much less fight. On the other hand, you could order that those amongst you bearing Terminator Armor as well as your Librarians to partake in an emergency return teleportation. You cannot take with you those who do not bear the teleportation beacons, not in the general chaos left behind by the steadily collapsing Anchorage. On the one hand, teleportation is a finicky technology on the best of days, but on the other, with the aid of the Librarius they should be able to assist in reducing the chances of some of those who would teleport from being lost forever in the warp or meet with some other misfortune. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here) <b>May Only Take Terminator-suit bearing troops, including Chapter Master and Apollo, others bearing TH sigils on Chapter Designator. Librarians, due to their psyker natures, can guide the process as well and thus can come along. </b><br/>
<br/>
- Characters Present On <i>Litany of Fury</i>: Master of Fleets Hadrian, 3 Codiciers (1 is Nero Achillian), 2 Apothecary Trainees!<br/>
<br/>
Anchorage Ship Information, Hadrian Indesposed!<br/>
<b>Whitmore Fleet Present: 1 Lunar-class Cruisers, 2 Gothic-class cruisers<br/>
Dark Eldar Fleet Present: 3 Torture Cruisers<br/>
Blood Raven Fleet Present: Entire Chapter Fleet, Litany of Fury remains above Anchorage and has been boarded!</b></div>
  </body>
</html>