<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Two)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Two)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Space Hulk 2: Terminator Boogaloo</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Space Hulk 2: Terminator Boogaloo<br/>
-[X] Send Off Techmarine Potentials and Apothecary Potential for training, immediately.<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Post-Anchorage Conflict Decisions</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-[X] Squad Protection<br/>
--[X] 5th Company Tactical Squad<br/>
-[X] Veteran Squad Search<br/>
--[X] 9 5th Company Veterans, Codicer Nero to search for uncorrupted tech<br/>
-[X] Trontiux II Culling<br/>
--[X] 10th Company<br/>
-[X] Return Of Judgement [Crew Quarters]<br/>
--[X] Marcus Crixus (Stormbolter), Uriel Hamul (Thunder Hammer/Storm Shield), Ares Actus (Crozius/Stormbolter), Marcharius Sicarius (Power Fist), Amicus Antal (Powerfist/Stormbolter), 5 1st Company Veterans<br/>
---[X] 5 Tartaros-Pattern for named characters, 5 Indominatus-Pattern for others, applicable relics<br/>
----[X] 2 Heavy Flamers, 1 Assault Cannons, 1 Pair of Lightning Claws, Thunder Hammer, 1 Power Axe, 2 Power Fists, 3 Cyclone Missle Launchers<br/>
------[X] Marcus's terminator group and 1st Company to join Gabriel Angelos on Gellar Field assingment after completion of purging the Crew Quarters<br/>
-----[X] 1st Company Squad plus apothecary to wait in support<br/>
-[X] Return Of Judgement [Gellar Field Installments]<br/>
--[X] Gabriel Angleos, Apollo Diomedes, Hannibal Palrun, Uther, Tarkus Varianus, Justinius Probalis, Damion Tyrin, Doukas Laskaris, 20 1st Company Terminators<br/>
---[X] 5 Tartaros-Pattern armors for Apollo, Tarkus, Justinius, Hannibal, and Doukas. 22 Indominatus-Pattern to everyone else. Applicable relics<br/>
----[X] All other Flamers, Assault Cannons, Plasma Cannons, and melee weapons. Stormbolters to those without a specialist weapon. 5 Cyclone Missle Launchers<br/>
-----[X] Honor Guard and 1 5th Company squad plus apothecary to wait in support</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>-[X] Call In The Navy: Long ago, it was decided that the vast majority of Space Marine Chapters were to be kept from possessing the greater of void warfare ships and technologies, though some subverted this in their own ways. This is a void engagement, summon the navy. It may take them a while to come, but they likely will. Battlefleet Korianis is unlikely to want to allow a xeno Anchorage to be present, even in a previously unexplored area. Of course, what they might actually <i>do</i> is not precisely known either.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Bringing Fire To Darkness<br/>
+015.M42+ To +020.M42+<br/>
+<i>Distrust The Xeno, Hate The Xeno, Kill The Xeno</i>+</b><br/>​</div>“In all my years, I never thought to see the mighty <i>space marines</i> beg for help,” sneers the mustachioed Admiral as he glares down at you.<br/>
<br/>
It is not that he is, in fact, somehow taller than the Angels of Death in armor, rather that upon the communicator system his holo-image is projected as to be massive in comparison. Indeed, all you can see of him is from the waist up, which happens to be liberally coated in enough medals and ribbons to likely count as their own armors. Also potentially just his preference, for based on even some small amount of time speaking to one of the Admirals of Battlefleet Korianis you suspect that he is, in fact, much smaller than even an average human being based on the serfs all around you. In either case, Admiral Whitmore came rapidly after the initial astropath communications, meaning that he only took a few months rather than years and years thanks to the nearness of his ships and as he has stated more than once, ‘his magnanimousness and lack of otherwise pressing concerns’.<br/>
<br/>
You do not believe that you like this man.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, you have repeated this more than once, Admiral Whitmore.”<br/>
<br/>
He sneers again, before leaning forward, his jowls jiggling as he does what is likely meant to be intimidating.<br/>
<br/>
“I do not trust you, Chapter Master Angelos. I trusted Chapter Master Kyras, the whole <i>Sector </i>trusted Kyras,” he sniffs, even as you feel Hadrian, Apollo, and the rest of the Honor Guard present on the bridge tense. “And here you come now, asking me to send my ships into unexplored space, to fight eldar who might not even be <i>there</i>? Why should I ever commit my cruisers to this, I ask of you?”<br/>
<br/>
The sheer audacity before you is almost stunning, were you not perfectly aware of how tremendously weak your political position is not just in the Imperium but even in Korianis itself. Kyras himself fostered the extremely political nature of the Chapter’s leadership, Apollo personally partook in it, ensuring that it was not simply martial strength and true deed, but <i>politics</i> which decided who ascended. In truth, perhaps that is why you spent so much time taking your Company in the farther ranges of the Imperium to get away from it all. Yet perhaps if you had remained, you would have seen the deep corruption that was allowed to sink into the chapter. It is that dabbling, that focus on politics, which entrenched Kyras’ touch and name deep into the Sector Command, even all the way into Krasus itself.<br/>
<br/>
You will be dealing with the repercussions of his machinations for a long, long time. This is only more evidence of it.<br/>
<br/>
“Because the Inquisition has declared us pure,” you respond, your tone even as a not small part of you desires to wrap your hands around his throat for his insults. “I can refer you to either Inquisitor Mordecia Toth…or Inquisitor Adrastia,” you tilt your head slightly at her name, “I believe she recently departed the Sector Capital.”<br/>
<br/>
He stiffens at the word of her organization, and further at her name. It is useful indeed that Merrick mentioned offhand their next destination as he was exchanging honored greetings with Martellus and Cyrus before donning his faceless helmet and departing into the unknown behind her. Truly an interesting man. You do believe that he would have made quite the space marine if he had not gone into the Imperial Guard.<br/>
<br/>
“Be-be that as it may,” he blusters, “What, precisely, are you expecting us to do, hmm? Simply charge in for you while you step back and watch us die?”<br/>
<br/>
One of the nearby serfs, a failed Scout Marine whose body was simply unable to withstand the implantation of the latter organs and was thus rejected for gene-seed implantation, visibly makes choking motions at his console, as if to strangle some specter in front of him. He also apparently did not become a space marine due to his odd quirks, but you suppose on some level you can understand his offense at Admiral Whitmore’s very presence.<br/>
<br/>
“We would aid you, obviously,” you reply with a steady slowness. “But as determined in ages long past, it is the Imperial Navy which shall be the truest masters of void combat, whilst the space marines…are not.”<br/>
<br/>
“And yet,” he raises a coiffed eyebrow, “There are Nova-class frigates within your Chapter Fleet. A bit of a contradiction, wouldn’t you say?”<br/>
<br/>
“Only if we were not a Chapter who is based not upon a world but in the void itself.”<br/>
<br/>
The back and forth continues for a few minutes more, but invoking the name of the Inquisition for the Chapter’s good name, an odd thing but one possible now due to the fact that it is simply factual and to deny the judgements of the Inquisition as sound and correct is heretical in the extreme for many…he agrees. His fleet is rallied, and prepares itself to plunge into battle once more, not simply to slay the xeno but to protect mankind. A noble mission in both descriptor and reality itself. Behind him comes the Chapter Fleet, unified together once more. While the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company would be leaving after this for Trontiux II, they come with you as well. Two more strike cruisers, while again not nearly meant for prolonged void engagements as the Imperial Navy’s vessels are still a reasonably powerful boon.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================​</div> <br/>
The arrival of so many Imperial vessels into Faiyuum had sent shockwaves through the warp, and with that done the ripples managed to for lack of a better word bounce off of a void in space where the warp broke around. It amounted to a lack of sheer tonnage, which even had the entire Chapter gone as one would not have been possible but was tipped over by the arrival of so many Imperial vessels with the addition of Whitmore’s fleet. His various cruisers had burst forth out of the warp, their attendant escorts following, and apparently sensing that the time for simple ambushes were past, the Dark Eldar turned to fight like the arrogant aliens they were.<br/>
<br/>
With your own Librarium, Nero and Justinius especially, working alongside the collated auspex scans of both fleets, as well as the astropaths and sanctioned psykers on Whitmore’s fleets a more comprehensive plan of attack is devised. Which, in truth, amounts largely to Whitmore driving his vessels forth into the system, right at where the otherwise still invisible Anchorage is present. He is not happy exactly with it, but when it comes to the eldar to play games when you otherwise have the sheer striking force to crush them it is the latter that is the better course. Something Apollo acknowledges as he muses upon it, as his previous suggestion was built around the idea that you would be going it alone.<br/>
<br/>
After all, it is not entirely often that space marines ask for aid, and rather the other way around that you are far more familiar with.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
=============================​</div> <br/>
Within the heart of the Split Heart Kabal’s home, the Archon Khannaer Izensar seethed before throwing aside a bone-goblet of agony ridden blood.<br/>
<br/>
“They have found us,” he snarled, pale lips peeling back as he rose from his throne, slapping aside the vapid and certainly rendered mindless pet which had pawed at him with mewling coos as he strode forward.<br/>
<br/>
“Archon, what are we to do? Our preparations are not yet complete…and Vect’s calls for all to return to Commorragh are making some question whether,” one of his sniveling corsair captains began only to find himself stuttering to a halt at the furious glare directed at him.<br/>
<br/>
“<i>Vect</i>,” he hissed, “Is doomed. Khaine’s Gate <i>is fallen</i>, the forces of the Warp are swarming through the lower reaches. We will <i>never</i> return to that fallen place. It is <i>here</i> that we will regrow our strength and power. It is the entire <i>point</i> of establishing ourselves out here!”<br/>
<br/>
A century, and yet too many had denied the Split Heart’s call. To join them beneath his magnificence and brilliant leadership. Only now, as Khaine’s Gate collapsed inward, had they been joined by others desperate for succor. To be truthful, perhaps Vect would win, he had the power, the technology, and the sheer unbridled cruel strength to maybe even push the daemons back and close the gate that had been broken down. It didn’t matter. What mattered was the that the Split Hearts had grown much in the past decade, a drop in the bucket for ones such as they. What mattered was that the cattle had grown scared, and his now executed Captains who had failed to slay the Blood Raven strike cruiser’s failure had grown compounded.<br/>
<br/>
“We will fight, we will destroy them, and if <i>necessary</i>,” he growled as he loomed above them all, eldritch lightning sparking along his klaives, “Relocate. We have not yet the strength to truly display our dominion over this place.”<br/>
<br/>
His Sslyth bodyguards slithered behind him as he strode towards one of his slaves who whimpered at its console.<br/>
<br/>
“Contact our fleet. Tell them the time for battle is now!”<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial vessels were already in the system, and charging right towards the Anchorage. He had known it would happen the moment the warp ripples caused by their massive arrival had caused even the most temporary of momentary breakdown in the stealth systems as the crystals cracked and had to be replaced. That did not mean that now was a very inconvenient time for it! In any case, faces flickered into being through the projector, and he almost snarled again at the looks on some of their faces.<br/>
<br/>
“Izensar, what is it?” came the languid and insultingly casual voice of Iyesdreos, as she reclined in her vessel.<br/>
<br/>
“The Anchorage is about to come under attack. Your raid is cancelled, you must-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmmm….no,” she interrupted – she interrupted! – and leaned forward with delight dancing in her eyes. “I think not. Besides which, I am too far away to return.”<br/>
<br/>
“Iyesdreos,” he growled, “You swore to me…,”<br/>
<br/>
“And I lied,” she shrugged before smiling again, plucking an eye from one of her nearby slaves to pop it in her mouth as the human screamed in pain and fell to the floor. “Vect has promised me much of I return my ships to the Dark City, and he promises….more than you.”<br/>
<br/>
“WHAT?!” he roared, grasping at the edges of the crystalline screen, “You treacherous-,”<br/>
<br/>
“You tore my Kabal in half for their ships and their slaves, and you expected me to be <i>grateful</i> for your ‘rescue’?!” she screamed back, eyes blazing with their own fury, the sleepy air around her disappearing. “Die! Die in fire, Izensar!”<br/>
<br/>
Then the screen winked out, and with it, three more of his captains who followed their apparent bitch of a mistress. The remainder appeared conflicted before they looked at him and nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“Archon? Your orders?”<br/>
<br/>
He seethed silently for a long breath before his gaze lifted again.<br/>
<br/>
“Let them strike at the Anchorage, focus upon it entirely, and then attack their flanks and rear. KILL THEM ALL!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================​</div> <br/>
The Anchorage was a twisted thing of wraithbone and black metal spikes, chains freely floating for whatever reason. It shimmered back into existence as apparently the Dark Eldar gave up the pretense of stealth, halfway between the sole inhabited world of the system and the asteroid belt. You had no particular care as for why they did this, only that they had done so and allowed a clear target for all ships to advance. Even so, it was more than a little suspicious that they would allow themselves to be seen as this without a greater fight. That was, of course, until a great many weapons batteries upon the vast thing, which matched and even exceeded the basic size of a Ramilies-class star fort, began to fire upon your ships.<br/>
<br/>
“Wait,” Justinius says, his hand on your shoulder just as you were about to give the order to begin sending out boarding parties onto the anchorage, witch-light blooming from his frame.<br/>
<br/>
“Justinius?”<br/>
<br/>
“Hold,” he shuts his eyes tightly before opening them wide. “They come from behind!”<br/>
<br/>
Indeed they do, as three eldar vessels shimmer out of their stealth fields and begin to fire at the vulnerable rear of the Navy ships, breaking apart two escorts and nearly killing another in their opening salvo. The vox system screeches as two more of the torture cruisers appear, on each side of your combined fleets and begin firing as well. The <i>Litany of Fury</i> weathers the strike without void shield collapse, but that does not mean that it will continue to do so depending on how long this conflict may last.<br/>
<br/>
“ANGELOS!” Whitmore’s voice booms onto the bridge, fraught with panic and pain, “Break down the doors of that Anchorage, and stop those defense batteries!”<br/>
<br/>
“You do not wish us to aid you against their ships?”<br/>
<br/>
Before you, upon the tac-screen, his grand cruiser executes a surprisingly tight turn as it turns its broadsides against one of the flanking torture cruisers.<br/>
<br/>
“I’ll handle them, <i>you</i> handle getting that Anchorage’s defenses down so I don’t lose any more of my bloody ships against them!”<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<u>Anchorage Assault Troop Deployment Decisions [Stage 1]:</u><br/>
<b>Note: You do not have to assault every position, it may be better to concentrate your forces on some targets now and then attack others later.<br/>
Note: Precise determination of enemy troops present on Anchorage impossible at this time due to psychic baffles, sensor-ghosts, etc. Librarius efforts at such things in turn is similarly stymied, as well as additional warp fluctuations present in system.</b><br/>
[] Defensive Lance Battery 1: One of the three defensive lance batteries present on the Dark Eldar Anchorage you face in battle now, if it is let to function for too long it will likely tear apart all of your ships given the fact that you are fighting both the Anchorage itself as well as its fleet. It is likely heavily defended for just that same reason by whatever monstrous creatures that the Dark Eldar possess as well as those twisted xenos themselves. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Defensive Lance Battery 2: One of the three defensive lance batteries present on the Dark Eldar Anchorage you face in battle now, if it is let to function for too long it will likely tear apart all of your ships given the fact that you are fighting both the Anchorage itself as well as its fleet. It is likely heavily defended for just that same reason by whatever monstrous creatures that the Dark Eldar possess as well as those twisted xenos themselves. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Enemy Hangers 1: From this wraithbone pit are spewed dozens of Dark Eldar fighters and bombers that if given enough time can likely damage and further even destroy escort vessels and damage systems of larger ships. Of increased concern is their potential to take down drop pods as they are deployed onto the Anchorage, killing your brothers before they can even meet the enemy in combat. Not to mention they could provide an easier passage for your troops to move in without the risk of being struck by other point defenses through thunderhawks. Said thunderhawks will obviously also have to fight through here in order to take said hangars. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Shield Battery 1: Currently stopping you from truly unleashing the devastating power behind your bombardment cannons and other weaponry from being truly effective is this. Protecting a large portion of the anchorage with what shielding that the eldar can possess, as well as projecting whatever techno-sorcery they are capable of that ruin traditional targeting methods to make even hitting them difficult in the first place despite the size. Likely heavily guarded for just that purpose. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. <b>This Shield Battery Protects Lance Battery 1, 2, and Hangar 1 from concentrated bombardment assaults.</b> (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Enemy Hangers 2: From this wraithbone pit are spewed dozens of Dark Eldar fighters and bombers that if given enough time can likely damage and further even destroy escort vessels and damage systems of larger ships. Of increased concern is their potential to take down drop pods as they are deployed onto the Anchorage, killing your brothers before they can even meet the enemy in combat. Not to mention they could provide an easier passage for your troops to move in without the risk of being struck by other point defenses through thunderhawks. Said thunderhawks will obviously also have to fight through here in order to take said hangars. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Defensive Lance Battery 3: One of the three defensive lance batteries present on the Dark Eldar Anchorage you face in battle now, if it is let to function for too long it will likely tear apart all of your ships given the fact that you are fighting both the Anchorage itself as well as its fleet. It is likely heavily defended for just that same reason by whatever monstrous creatures that the Dark Eldar possess as well as those twisted xenos themselves. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Shield Battery 2: Currently stopping you from truly unleashing the devastating power behind your bombardment cannons and other weaponry from being truly effective is this. Protecting a large portion of the anchorage with what shielding that the eldar can possess, as well as projecting whatever techno-sorcery they are capable of that ruin traditional targeting methods to make even hitting them difficult in the first place despite the size. Likely heavily guarded for just that purpose. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. <b>This Shield Battery Protects Lance Battery 3 and Hangar 2 from concentrated bombardment assaults.</b> (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Enemy Command Center: Deep within the Anchorage, likely at its center where it would be best protected, is no doubt where the enemy commander currently resides. If you were to manage a strike here, either by Deep Striking, fighting your way through, or sending forth someone like Cyrus to attempt an assassination and begin sabotaging the entire location with explosives, is up to you. Either way, a xeno in command of a station such as this is likely quite powerful and will possess bodyguards. But if he is defeated here, and the command center taken, you could potentially attempt turning the anchorage against itself. <b>Too deep within Anchorage for bombardment to be effective at this time. Deep Strike Teleportation assault possible.</b> (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Anchorage Assault Ship Deployment Decisions [Stage 1]:</u><br/>
<b>Whitmore Fleet Present: 4 Lunar-class Cruisers, 2 Gothic-class cruisers, 15 Frigates<br/>
Dark Eldar Fleet Present: 7 Torture Cruisers, 25 Corsair Escorts<br/>
Blood Raven Fleet Present: Entire Chapter Fleet</b><br/>
[] Bombarding: Lay siege to the station as best as possible, despite the difficulty in breaking through its advanced shielding and targeting-baffling abilities. With the Emperor’s blessing, you might be able to break through regardless and be able to destroy parts of the Anchorage’s defensive hard points without being forced to land troops there! Not to mention the fact that you generally are just trying to destroy the entire Anchorage. (Write-In Ships Dedicated, Write-In Targets)<br/>
[] Aiding The Navy: Despite Whitmore’s words, the enemy ships are quickly dancing in and out of range, and adding the power of your own weaponry will likely aid his ships in long-term survivability throughout the battle. It is not as if at the moment that you can fully unleash your vessels weapons and bombardment weaponry against the well-shielded and protected Anchorage. (Write-In Ships Dedicated)</div>
  </body>
</html>