<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 (Part Five): By Duty, Bring Death</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 (Part Five): By Duty, Bring Death</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Begin Cleanup</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Begin Cleanup<br/>
-[X] Destroy Orbital Defenses: With the Imperial Guard pushing the orks back currently, even considering the casualties they've taken, the Blood Ravens might turn to more specific courses of action. With concerted pushes, certain orbital guns might be reached, their defenses punched through, and destroyed soon afterward. Once this is done, ships might take better positions, and provide more accurate auspex scanning, orbital fire, and more to the forces on the planet.<br/>
--[X] All ground forces currently deployed to Dustboom<br/>
-[X] Honor Guard Retrieval: A space marine lost to the void is not necessarily dead. The Sus-an Membrane may have activated properly. You will need to contribute one of your vessels to track them down - if it is possible at all.<br/>
--[X] 1st Fleet Strike Cruiser Spiraling Fury, 2x Thunderhawks, 1x Hunter Destroyer + 2x Thunderhawks from Omnis Arcanum<br/>
---[X] Assist with Orbital bombardment of suspected Snipesnap Workshops when done or if opportunities present themselves<br/>
-[X] Planetary Workshop Obliteration: You know the general location of the ships which launched off of Spinesnap's surface. That is more than enough to find them once you look closer. Of course, they should be heavily protected considering their purpose, and the orks on Spinesnap itself have not yet been harrowed much at all compared to any other planet in the system.<br/>
--[X] 1st Fleet elements not on Honor Guard Retrieval or transporting to Shinehole transit from Snipesnap begin Orbital Bombardment of suspected locations unless threatened by orbital defense guns<br/>
-[X] Ship Reclamation Aid: Disabling critical systems is not the same as totally clearing the ships, or even close to it. The orks might well be in their thousands, or tens of thousands, across the vessels you managed to reclaim before the Navy destroyed them. Floods of Navy Armsmen are swarming through the innards of these ships, but you can aid them just as well.<br/>
--[X] Strike Cruiser<br/>
---[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chapter Master's Honor Guard<br/>
----[X] If they finish fast, move to assist with reclaiming further ships at their discretion<br/>
-[X] Further Into The Dark: The beachheads have held, and the Imperial Guard is now pushing through with far greater success, their hearts emboldened by success. The orks are only fighting harder, however, using some of the most advanced weaponry you've ever experienced amongst their kind, and machines as well in the tunnels. But the majority of caverns are still held by the enemy.<br/>
--[X] Current forces maintain orders<br/>
--[X] 1st Company elements not Reclaiming Strike Cruiser transit from Snipesnap onboard Strike Cruiser Ravenous Spirit (+2 Thunderhawks) + 1x Nova Frigate<br/>
-[X] Continued Culling: The back of the orks here have been broken tremendously. Pacemen is set aflame, from coast to coast, the lush jungle which once granted the orks of this place cover and a rich environment to grow their numbers burning to ash. The orks of Petramis are still high in number, but are on the run as well with the death of their leader and a resurgent human populace. However, more can be done. The orks must continue to be brought low, and while total extermination is likely not fully possible, you may be able to push them to that point. All the better for humanity to grow stronger here.<br/>
--[X] 10th Company, 10th Fleet Thunderhawks + orbital observation from rest of 10th Fleet + 2x Land Speeders (Standard) + 1x Razorback (Standard)<br/>
-[X] Leave: Your work is here is done. The Warboss slain, WAAAGH!! broken, Pacemen an inferno. The orks have sustained heavy casualties on Petramis as well. The human lords now have their chance to push back against the threat, and reclaim their citadel-cities. It is time to return to Aurelia…or, perhaps to join up with Chapter Master Angelos. It is highly unlikely that that conflict will be over by the time you get there.<br/>
--[X] Angelos<br/>
---[X] 5th Company, 5th Fleet, all vehicles not left for 10th Company</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>By Duty, Bring Death<br/>
+030.M42+ To +035.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain Now! Reward In The Afterlife!</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
<b>Spinesnap Imperial Bombardment: 32<br/>
Spinesnap Blood Raven Bombardment: 89<br/>
Spinesnap Void Search: 97<br/>
Void Survival 1: 17<br/>
Void Survival 2: 82<br/>
Secondary Spinesnap Blood Raven Bombardment: 24<br/>
</b><br/>
Spinesnap becomes dotted with destruction soon after the battle is complete. Unfortunately, the Imperial Navy is rather busy with delivering its void armsmen onto the captured ships to clear out the orks there, and do not make it into proper firing positions very quickly at all. The ships of the Blood Ravens, on the other hand, push forward to what has always been their intended purpose. Bombardment cannons begin to fire immediately unleashing fury upon the orks below. Nothing like an Exterminatus has been ordered, of course. These worlds are to be claimed for the Imperium’s purposes. It is simply frustrating that the Navy spends so much time poring over their new rewards that they cannot aid you greatly.<br/>
<br/>
More pleasantly, you locate your two lost brothers, swallowed up by the void during the initial engagement. Rather than being strung out into nothingness, the sensors finds one clutching at a piece of broken fuselage from a shattered fighter, the other hand wrapped tightly around the second. Unfortunately, only one is still alive. Brother Barius knew that brother Gaius was dead the moment they were sucked out of the boarding torpedo, a super-heated metal fragment impacting the marine’s skull all the way through entirely. But grimly he held on, knowing that his brother’s legacy would live on through his progenoid glands. The search took long, long enough for bombardment to be completed, but at least you have one brother back, and the other’s gene-seed for the chapter’s due.<br/>
<br/>
There remains plenty of orbital guns left on Spinesnap, though a great number of workshops were destroyed regardless. There should be no more ships rising up from the planet from this point on. Hopefully. Unless the orks do something unexpected. In any case, it will be down to actually landing troops on the planet and taking care of business there. Thankfully the rather public slaying of Bonebreaka has had shockwaves across the rest of the WAAAAGH!!. While orks will never <i>surrender</i>, infighting has been noted to have begun across Spinesnap. But before <i>that</i>, the ships must be fully reclaimed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Strike Cruiser Reclamation (1)<br/>
62 vs. 15<br/>
</b><br/>
The orks infesting the strike cruiser are numerous, but pale before your fury. They cannot stand against the Blood Ravens as they stalk through the corridors. While you are in few in number, single space marine squads have done more with less on greater targets. A devious mek leads Apollo on a chase through the lower decks, while you personally crush the orkish psykers who had dared to set up a strange ritual site upon the bridge. Hannibal exercises extreme prejudice as he reconsecrates the various training chapels and contemplation alcoves with the blood of the xeno, and the rest of the honor guard assist in all of it. Including brother Barius, who takes particular pleasure in slaying the orks in an effort to make up for fate demanding he be stripped out from the fight earlier. His recovery period is fast, it is noted by the apothecaries, but to you it is obvious that determination draws him to the fight.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Strike Cruiser Reclamation (2)<br/>
92 vs. 5<br/>
</b><br/>
The orks certainly outnumber you on the strike cruiser, but you <i>know</i> the battleground better than they ever could. You have spent a great amount of your life on strike cruisers, they are the noble transports of space marines across the galaxy. As such, despite however long the orks may have possessed this vessel, they could never truly master it. They are brought low, again and again, each and every one of them slaughtered, down to the last gretchin and grot. Squigs are smashed to pulp beneath your hammer, and every spot of greenskin life left on the vessel is gathered up in the troop bays, set aflame, and shunted out into the void. The only thing left for it now is for it to be properly reconsecratated.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, one of the issues at hand regarding just that, is the fact of what the orks have done to it. The last of the ork leaders on the ship, a mek, had attempted to sabotage their prize addition out of spite, but was slain before any damage to it could be done whatsoever. It is something that was observed on the ship as it was fighting by many a space marine, and something that can be seen even now. Servitors picking over the device only confirm what close-range extensive scans have stated. The orks, in their insanity, somehow did <i>something</i> to the strike cruisers reactors to supercharge them. Enough to allow them to install an ill-begotten lance weapon on the vessel’s belly. Enough to let its various ad-hoc guns function as well. Whereas strike cruisers and battle barges are not meant for full void combat – their purpose of planetary conquest being more important – the orks had no particular care to remain within the Imperium’s guidelines for such ships. And with your killing of the orks in such number, a great number of their strange ‘modifications’ remain. The Mechanicus is likely to be…upset…at such desecration.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================​</div> <br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Transit: 25<br/>
Warp Complications: 73<br/>
Extremely Sluggish Warp Travel, 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Does Not Arrive At Shinehole This Stage!<br/>
</b><br/>
“Isn’t the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company supposed to be coming to help us?” Daedal yelled, forced to use the vox simply because regular yelling wouldn’t possibly be heard due to everything else.<br/>
<br/>
“That’s what I heard,” Calus bellowed back, clutching as his rapier’s firing studs, sending a hailstorm of heavy bolter fire at the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole Tunnel Pushing (1)<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 20<br/>
Ork Defenders: 71<br/>
Blood Raven Attackers: 41<br/>
</b><br/>
“Well I sure wish they’d show up already!” Daedal yelled, forcing the rapier into reverse as the orks advanced down the tunnel.<br/>
<br/>
Great bubbles of constrained lightning blazed over the fronts of the chuckling mega nobs, their own guns firing back and tearing into the retreating Imperial Guard. Occasionally an ork or ten would charge past the mega nobs, outside of the overlapping protective shields, and would be torn apart as a result, but many more stayed behind thanks to many a thump to their skulls. Daedal cursed as he saw a commissar utterly fail to ‘inspire’ his troops by gunning down five of them as the entire platoon ran as fast as they could, the Guard forced into retreat rather than simply be cut down. Even the dreadnoughts were more being used as stopgaps than anything else, scoring kills but never enough, and never the right ones.<br/>
<br/>
“This isn’t going well,” Calus noted, his voice remarkably calm as he attempted to cover the retreat.<br/>
<br/>
“WHAT WAS YOUR FIRST CLUE!?”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================<br/>​</div><b>Dustboom Combat (1)<br/>
Imperial Guard Orbitals Assault: 5<br/>
Blood Raven Crushing: 20<br/>
Ork Orbitals Defense: 100</b><br/>
<br/>
“Behold! DA GREATEST FING, WOT EVA DONE GOT MADE!”<br/>
<br/>
Broadcast across all of Dustboom, the words of Mekboss Killdakka heralded the deaths of thousands. Exploding out from one of the orbital gun sites, left too long, given too much time, the Mekboss had completed a devastating creation. Practically the size of a gargant, the battlefortress had crushed one baneblade entirely, blown apart another Guard tank division, and shredded the air-support from the skies. The ‘hidden’ workshop had been inside of one of the orbital guns, but with no investigation attempts made, it had been utterly untouched throughout the fighting on Dustboom. Treads from a dozen and more other vehicles dragged it forward at ludicrous speeds – for a bulk that size – while entire tanks had been installed on its body as weapon emplacements. Dangerous and exotic ork weaponry sprawled out from a dozen hard points, ripping entire tanks up and smashing them down, blasting others out of existence entirely.<br/>
<br/>
Hardrian grunted as he struggled to lift the flipped and broken razorback that had once been a proud Blood Raven tank. The space marine which had been trapped beneath it quickly scrabbled free, their armor pockmarked and sluggish from the damage it had taken. The space marines which had exited the shattered and childishly thrown aside hulk just in time slowly gathered, but one of their number was clearly dead, the body simply being taken along to ensure the chapter received its due. The Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company snarled as he sighted the ‘Ultra Fortress’ roar off into the distance, leaving behind only shattered or thrown aside wrecks in its wake.<br/>
<br/>
“This is Hadrian, pull our forces back, we can’t match its strength yet. Preserve all points, and regroup!”<br/>
<br/>
“We’re not going after it?” one of the marines asked, a young one, just elevated to full battle brother a short time ago.<br/>
<br/>
“No,” Hadrian shook his head, “Not yet. Not like this. Not with our forces as they are.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Greenkrump Arrival: 70</b><br/>
<br/>
The crewman, to his credit, did not interrupt despite the fact that he should have returned to the bridge a full thirty minutes ago. It had been a simple job, to pass along the message, but unfortunately that simply was not happening. After all, one did not interrupt the sisters of battle in prayer in such a situation. If the ship was under assault, perhaps, but no, not here. Not now. Instead, he waited, as the sororitas prayed within the chapel with a volume and fervor that made his very bones shake in his body. Finally, at the very front of the congregation and at the statue of the Emperor’s feet, armor cleaned, wounds treated, did their leader rise. Immediately she turned, and with her did the rest of them, all staring at him.<br/>
<br/>
“Canoness,” he squeaked before clearing his throat. “Ah, Canoness. We’ve arrived over Greenkrump. Your transports are ready to go.”<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you, crewman,” the Canoness smiled at him, “Please, return to your duties. I would not wish to infringe upon them, forgive us our tardiness.”<br/>
<br/>
“Uh, no, no trouble at all!” he squeaked again, fleeing before it happened thrice while cursing himself all the while.<br/>
<br/>
“Sisters!” Margaret called after he left, “To battle once more. FOR THE EMPEROR!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================<br/>​</div><b>Shinehole Tunnel Pushing (2)<br/>
Imperial Guard Attackers: 1<br/>
Ork Defenders: 97<br/>
Blood Raven Attackers: 14</b><br/>
<br/>
“Brother Ithacan!” Daedal screamed, roaring his fury at the enemy even while firing until the quad heavy bolters glowed with the heat. “Damn you xenos!”<br/>
<br/>
“He’s dead, Daedal, the whole dreadnought got cored! He’s gone!”<br/>
<br/>
“No, I can still save him!” Daedal hissed, leaping off his rapier and running forward, ignoring the lascannon blast which nearly removed everything above his waist entirely. “I can-gah!”<br/>
<br/>
Calus ignored Daedal’s defiant roaring, letting the angry mechadendrites stab at him while he dragged his brother with him in retreat, shaking his head all the while. A half-dozen screens inside his helm screamed for attention, and all the while his hands tapped along the control-feed forcing all of the rapiers present into retreat, firing all the way as they backed out along the tunnels. Rocks began to shudder and shake as they were purposefully collapsed. Dreadnoughts throughout the cavern slowly stepped backward, hitting the targets he marked, trying to push back the shielded orks. At their head was the one who had done all of it, an ork with a half-dozen electrified coils rippling about his armor at random placement, stomping forward with three lascannons welded together in one massive gun as a replacement for a more standard slug-weapon. Guffawing, the ork slammed his power klaw on the ground repeatedly as he stomped forward.<br/>
<br/>
“Come on, boyz! Dat’s right, get ‘em with the shiny bits! Harharhar! Bonebreaka is dead! NOW IT’Z TIME FOR WARBOSS DAKFLASH!”<br/>
<br/>
“Shut up,” Calus growled, before rearing back and throwing what he’d carried forward.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Toss: 62<br/>
The Boom: 94</b><br/>
<br/>
Raising his hand, a whispered apology to their fallen brother, Calus triggered the thrown detonation packs, synched up with the half-melted reactor off the dreadnought’s shell.<br/>
<br/>
“NO!” Daedal roared as the orks were obscured by nothing but white. “What have you done?!”<br/>
<br/>
Scrabbling up from where he’d been dragged, Daedal slammed his helmet against his brother techmarine’s, a growl on his lips.<br/>
<br/>
“Bought us time,” Calus replied calmly. “Now come on. The fight isn’t over yet. There’s no chance that killed them all, or even most of them. Those power shields of theirs are modified void shields, and I think that Dakflash had a stolen Warhound void shield stuck to his chest.”<br/>
<br/>
Daedal seethed, fists clenched tight enough for the ceramite to creak, before he finally followed after Calus.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================<br/>​</div><b>Imperial Boarders: 100<br/>
Orkish Inhabitants: 9<br/>
Blood Ravens: 89<br/>
</b><br/>
“They barely needed us,” Hannibal notes approvingly, “The Emperor favors them this day.”<br/>
<br/>
“It seems so,” you cannot help but admit. “The battle was hard, but they seem most eager.”<br/>
<br/>
“I can sympathize,” Apollo speaks from behind you, where he watches the cheering armsmen as they pass by, weapons held high. “They spend all their lives in these berths, and during battle it is all they can do to simply wait for boarders – where they can have no hand in their own destiny but faith in the ship’s captain and crew. Now they rise, and take the fight to the enemy.”<br/>
<br/>
It is not entirely correct to say that that Navy did not require your aid in retaking the Apocalypse-class battleship, formerly under the personal hand of Bonebreaka. You slew a few orks, here and there, appearing in the corridors to support the armsmen where possible. But they flooded the ship, and without your aid they would have succeeded all the same. Faster, of course, with your aid. But still. One should not detract from their own accomplishments, and you spare the time to inform many a passing sergeant so when they pause to gape at the looming Blood Ravens who watch them. Many of them are clearly exhausted, but happy, the ship soon to fly back to the heart of the sector where they can be properly revived – after some lengthy reconsecration of course.<br/>
<br/>
“How goes the efforts on the other ships?” you turn, looking towards Apollo who seems to have become just as much an aide as a bodyguard, who checks over his various data slates.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Retribution Boarding Operation<br/>
67 vs. 19<br/>
Oberon Boarding Operation<br/>
93 vs. 62<br/>
</b><br/>
“The Oberon is almost fully reclaimed, and as for the forces here,” he gestures at the passing crowds on their way to the troop transports which brought them – meals and medicine waiting. “They are going to be heading to the Retribution soon. I highly doubt that the orks can withstand them at this point – though I would not count out the orks just yet, ever. They are forever capable of…unpredictable things when pushed into a corner.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================​</div> <br/>
<b>Lost Rosetta Invaders: 95<br/>
Imperial Guard Invaders: 75<br/>
Infighting Orks: 70<br/>
Infighting Orks: 24</b><br/>
<br/>
“Zog me, stop shootin’!” the ork roared as it shot across the burning workshop.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, no way Begrum, I know you! Yer gonna shoot me ta deff iffin’ I don’t kill ya first!”<br/>
<br/>
“Gork and Mork, boy, dem humies is comin! We’ze gotta foight ‘em togetha!”<br/>
<br/>
“Da boyz ‘ill foight em…when YER DEAD!”<br/>
<br/>
Both orks and their warbands disappeared beneath the earthshaker rounds of the basilisks which had been trained on their position. Across the rest of the valley, orks in the middle of fighting to determine who would be the next leader died, catachan killers slaughtering patrols and seraphim wresting control of the skies. A valkyrie drop ship landed in the valley, as they were doing across the immediate hundred miles, from which more troops flowed. Singing a song of the Emperor’s glory and humanities duty to Him, the Order of the Lost Rosetta steadily killed their way across the continent, the Imperial Guard beside them.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================<br/>​</div><b>Dustboom Combat (2)<br/>
Imperial Guard Holding Action: 7<br/>
Blood Raven Reversal Attempt: 45<br/>
Ork Surge: 91<br/>
</b><br/>
“Well,” Hadrian spat blood onto the ground, wrenching the rebar which had slammed through his stomach out of his body to use as a crutch. “That didn’t go well.”<br/>
<br/>
“We can’t beat that thing like this,” one of his marines shook their head, “We do not have the equipment or numbers to do so. The Guard is in retreat across the entire planet, they’re building <i>new</i> orbital guns out of <i>nothing</i> but scrap, and we’ve lost another razorback.”<br/>
<br/>
“We haven’t lost yet,” Hadrian growled. “Not yet.”<br/>
<br/>
The 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company huddled within one of the hollowed out piles of slag left on the planet, their remaining vehicles brought to them, simply trying to regroup. Outside, they could hear the sounds of the Guard being slaughtered as they ineffectually tried to hold out against the orks. Every single time they attempted to build a proper defensive line, the Mekboss would show up with his monstrosity, and destroy it. After the land raider had suffered a heavy scoring across its front, the internal mechanisms being melted by the sheer heat of the ‘deff beam’ shot out by the giant orkish leering skull at the ront of the machine, it too had been pulled back before it was destroyed.<br/>
<br/>
“What are we going to do, Captain?” another marine asked.<br/>
<br/>
“We’re going to fight,” he shook his head. “With their forces surging like this across the damn planet…they’re leaving the rear orbitals unguarded. That’s where we’re headed.”<br/>
<br/>
“By ourselves?”<br/>
<br/>
The Captain glared down at the marine, and nodded only once before slamming the side of his fist against the <i>Litany of Purgation</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“Everyone load up! We’re moving out, now! Not on foot, on the vehicles. Look to your wargear, we leave in five minutes!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================<br/>​</div>Killdakka chortled as he sat back in his squig-leather throne, a meaty finger reaching out to swipe a few screens aside to make way for ammo counts and power levels. Grunting to himself, he reached for one in particular, dragging it forward on its stand, and stared at it with his four cybork eyes, his right and still fleshy eye squinting as well. All around him, the Ultrafortress rumbled and shook, every gun it possessed firing at once at the retreating humies. Another bevy of their tanks tried to roll up, but the Ultrafortress either picked them up and flung them elsewhere, melted them, shot them full of holes, or simply crushed them and ran them over. His contented sigh was interrupted by a loud beeping.<br/>
<br/>
“Urgh, <i>wot</i> iz it, grottie?” he growled, finger turning the intercom on.<br/>
<br/>
“Uh, boss! Remember dem beakies?” the gretchin simpered.<br/>
<br/>
“Uhhhhh,” Killdakka murmured before snapping two of his augmetic fingers, “Yeah! I remember dem! Dem Blood Raven boyz. Hoy, dey killed a lotta our tanks, dey did. Good foight. What about ‘em?”<br/>
<br/>
“Gunboss Rattla says de’re at his Big Gun!”<br/>
<br/>
“WOT?!” Killdakka roared, slamming one of his other arm’s fists onto the big red button with ‘NO’ scrawled on it.<br/>
<br/>
All across the Ultrafortress, greenskins were thrown from their stations as the titanic machine came to a sudden halt, skidding forward on sheer weight for a moment.<br/>
<br/>
“Wot you mean de’re at his Big Gun! Tell ‘im ta zog ‘em!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Hadrian’s Gamble vs. Gunboss Rattla’s Defenders<br/>
87 vs. 59<br/>
</b><br/>
“He seyz he can’t! He seyz-,”<br/>
<br/>
One of the dozen screens lit up, this one marked with dozens of orkish skulls over a badly drawn map. Killdakka roared as he saw one of the skulls blinked red, then disappeared. In the far distance, farther than he certainly could hear from deep within the Ultrafortresses, one of the orbital guns collapsed, multiple tanks firing upon its support struts in tandem on top of a mass of slain orks. The Mekboss growled, and flicked the intercom on again. The only reason that skull would have disappeared like that was if the shiny bits he’d put in it had been destroyed – and if Rattla wasn’t dead…then he would be soon.<br/>
<br/>
“Tell dah others ta get ready for them beakies! I’ze got <i>humies</i> ta break, for Gork’s sake!”<br/>
<br/>
“I-I will boss! Yes boss!” the gretchin squeaked before turning off the radio.<br/>
<br/>
Killdakka growled again, previous contentment forgotten as he leaned forward in his chair, slamming another fist on the big red button labeled ‘YES’. The Ultrafortress surged with power once more, sending its dozens of attendants flying once more though many immediately scrambled back into their seats.<br/>
<br/>
“All right boyz, listen up!” he roared into the Ultrafortresses tubes, “Them beakies got around us, and are taking out da Big Guns! So wez gotta break dem humies right quick, so we can get back around, yeah?! WAAAAAAAAGH!!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Hadrian’s Gamble vs. Gunboss Zogbreak<br/>
94 vs. 27</b><br/>
<br/>
Killdakka’s roar only grew more indignant as another proper green skull disappeared from his map.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================​</div> <br/>
<b>Hadrian’s Gamble vs. Gunboss Hellkraka<br/>
53 vs. 44<br/>
</b><br/>
“You <i>will </i>begin landing your troops at the marked locations at this instant, do you hear me, General!?” Hadrian roared into the vox as the last of the utterly massive orbital gun’s defenders were ground beneath the <i>Litany</i>’s treads.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Intimidation: 70! Success<br/>
</b><br/>
“I hear you, space marine,” the Imperial - a General Dominic - growled, “But only because you cleared the landing zone. We’re on our way."<br/>
<br/>
From the skies orbital support was already coming, bombing runs and bombardment coordinates being offered up freely. Ships, able to move without fear even if only a small slice of the planet, rushed to the point, flooding the comparatively small amount of territory with a bevy of fresh troops. Others, elsewhere, merely were raised up in their own transports before being dropped off in the new location, old firebases and depots destroyed or taken by the greenskins. Only once did the orks attempt to retake the lost ground, only to find that without the danger of being shot down, the Imperial Navy’s vengeance was swift and terrible. The only reason they continued to make attempts was the fear they felt from Killdakka’s rage, the threat of the Ultrafortress rolling over <i>them</i> making them run into the lines of the Imperium’s hastily put together defenses.<br/>
<br/>
But it was precarious, none the less. With original landing zones being taken, new orbital guns being constructed practically out of thin air by the insanity of the ork mechs, the Imperial Guard’s forces on Dustboom were abruptly highly concentrated – but just as unable to strike outwards with impunity as they had once done. Hadrian stalked back and forth across the rapidly devolving ‘no-man’s land’ which marked the distance between looted and Imperial guns, riding atop the <i>Litany</i> all the while, an unforgiving guardian who had been bloodied more than one. All the while, the rest of the Guard elsewhere attempted to simply put a stopper to the Ultrafortress itself, which seemed as of yet still unstoppable.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>5th Company Theater Transit: 79</b><br/>
<br/>
"Entering realspace now," Damion cried out, his body thrumming with power.<br/>
<br/>
The 5th Company arrived, the warp practically belching them back into the materium, with their flagship at the head. Tarkus gave Damion a small nod before approaching the tactical map, the exhausted epistolary barely managing a salute before he fell into his recuperative meditations, and frowned at what he saw. Handshake protocols did not need his authority to be given, not at this moment, and the information given unto them was not favorable whatsoever. The amount of ships fallen was disconcerting, though the death of Bonebreaka was welcome news. It was the sight of various warnings being thrown about the system between the Imperials which happened to bounce through the 5th Company astropaths which he did not care much for at all. Isolated forces, broken down, a full retreat on one world, an entire company - if reduced - completely surrounded on another. Clearly they had arrived at quite a tumultuous tipping point in the war going on here. Not enough ork ships to fully <i>win</i>, but the longer it stretched on the more damage the Imperium's efforts would suffer.<br/>
<br/>
"Open communications with Chapter Master Angelos, and request our orders."​</div> <br/>
<b><u>Stage 4 Theater Results:</u><br/>
[General]<br/>
- 5th Company has arrived, warp turbulent but no complications!<br/>
----------------<br/>
[Spinesnap]<br/>
- Void-Combat ‘Orktimized’ Strike Cruiser Fully Reclaimed! <br/>
(Modifications Not Sabotaged/Destroyed: Lance weapon, torpedo launchers, makrocannon broadsides, orkish powerfields, void shields, ‘Supa-Reakta’)<br/>
- Apocalypse-class Battleship Fully Reclaimed!<br/>
- Oberon-class Battleship 90% Reclaimed!<br/>
-Retribution-class Battleship 60% Reclaimed!<br/>
- Spinesnap spaceship workshops destroyed!<br/>
- Imperial Guard landing on Spinesnap, targeting orbital guns and planetary shields!<br/>
-1 Honor Guard Marine (+2 Gene-Seed)<br/>
+1 Honor Guard Marine recovered!<br/>
--------------------<br/>
[Dustboom]<br/>
- 1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons)<br/>
- 1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Plasma Guns) [+Lascannon]<br/>
- 4 Assault Bikes (2x Multimelta, 2x Heavy Bolter)<br/>
- 7 Blood Ravens (+14 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
- Imperial Guard in retreat over much of planet! Orks in resurgence over much of planet!<br/>
- Small Amount of Orbital Guns destroyed by Captain Hadrian behind enemy lines! Imperial Guard landing in area, orbital support in area, orks pushed out! <br/>
- Mekboss Killdakka revealed, riding in Gargant-sized Battlefortress variant ‘Ultrafortress’ from Orbital Gun Workshop!<br/>
- Rearmost Guard Positions heavily defended, orbital support present. Orks cannot advance on Rearmost Guard Positions just yet, marshaling strength!<br/>
----------------<br/>
[Greenkrump]<br/>
Greenkrump greater pacification complete! <br/>
Lost Rosetta leaving Greenkrump to head to Spinesnap for planetary assault!<br/>
Greenkrump full pacification process to begin upon campaign completion. <br/>
-------------<br/>
[Shinehole]<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brother Ithacan Slain!<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brother Cassius re-entombed! 1 Castraferrum Chassis Used!<br/>
Shinehole Leader Revealed: <s>Big Boss</s> Warboss Dakflash, Bad Moon Klan! Anti-Armor/Vehicle Weaponry Noted!<br/>
Shinehole Ground Forces In Full Retreat!<br/>
Shinehole Tunnel Control Reduced To 38%!<br/>
Orks utilizing stolen Imperial Void Shield technology!</b><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Naval Presences Across System</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Greenkrump</b><br/>
- 1 Lunar-class Cruiser<br/>
- 6 Escorts (x2 Cobra, x3 Sword)<br/>
- 1 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
- 3 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 4 Escorts (x3 Firestorm, x1 Cobra)<br/>
- 4 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
- Looted Retribution-class Battleship <b>[Reclamation Efforts Underway-60%]</b><br/>
- Looted Oberon-class Battleship <b>[Reclamation Efforts Underway-90%]</b><br/>
vs.<br/>
- 1 Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
- 7 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 8 Escorts (x2 Cobra, x3 Sword, x3 Firestorm)<br/>
- 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet<br/>
- Reclaimed Strike Cruiser<br/>
- Reclaimed Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
- 1 Universe-class Mass Conveyor <b>[Carrying Lost Rosetta, Slated To Arrive At Beginning Of Stage Five]<br/>
<br/>
Shinehole</b><br/>
- 3 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
- 4th Company Fleet<br/>
- Strike Cruiser Ravenous Spirit (+2 Thunderhawks) + 1x Nova Frigate <b>[Arrival Estimated At Start Of Stage Five Of Engagement]<br/>
<br/>
Location Unknown, Fled Into Warp</b><br/>
- 1 Emperor-class Battleship<br/>
- 1 Overlord Battlecruiser<br/>
- 1 Lunar-class Cruiser<br/>
- 3 Escorts (x3 Firestorm)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Newly Arrived In System, Near No Single Planet</b><br/>
- 5th Company Fleet</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><u><b>Current Plans For Stage Five Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One/Do Not <i>Need</i> To Select Every One]:</b></u>​</div> <br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
[] Hold Your Ground: Three orbital guns went down, and Hadrian has begun attempting to fortify what has been taken with the aid of the Imperial Guard. A small amount of territory, open to orbital support, remains somewhat inviolate to Killdakka's Ultrafortress...so long as the gargantuan vehicle does not turn on them. The furthest Imperial Guard bases on the planet are similarly protected, but more troops need to be properly directed - and for that the 4th Company must remain in a defensive posture over what they've taken. The better this is done, the more troops can be brought together, the more might be done to prepare <i>something</i> to take down Killadakka. There are rumors - only overheard by space marine hearing - that the Guard is negotiating with the Mechanicus to be allowed to deploy <i>something</i> they think might take down the Ultrafortress. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Striking Out: The Guard is getting torn apart, but they are quickly fortifying what has been taken by Hadrian. Now might be the time for more aggressive action, to take down more of the orbitals. The faster this is done, the more of Killdakka's inner territories might be taken from him, isolating him between the most heavily defended Guard positions and what has just been taken. A dangerous proposition indeed, but one that if successful might wrest the momentum away from the ork.  [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
[] Orbital Gun Destruction: The anti-orbital weaponry which was clearly developed by Mekboss Killdakka are present here as well, albeit in lesser numbers. The orks on Spinesnap are currently undergoing significant infighting as a result of Bonebreaka's death. It is said that the Lost Rosetta is coming here to destroy these and kill as many orks as possible, along with much of the Imperial Guard. You could assist in this as well. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Ship Reclamation Aid: Disabling critical systems is not the same as totally clearing the ships, or even close to it. The orks might well be in their thousands, or tens of thousands, across the vessels you managed to reclaim before the Navy destroyed them. Floods of Navy Armsmen are swarming through the innards of these ships, but you can aid them just as well.<br/>
-[] Retribution-class Battleship [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[] Oberon-class Battleship [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
[] Holding Actions: The orks are swarming up from the depths of Spinesnap with much looted Imperial technology, allowing them to withstand the forces brought against them and further overwhelm them. Defenses must hold, as best they can, the better for everyone else to try and regroup. To stand in the face of these orks is to face near-sure death, but it must be done regardless, many say. Few Guard forces are volunteering - or rather it is their commanders which are <i>making</i> them volunteer. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Fortification Actions: The Imperial Guard is known for holding the line, but they need help. Much of their gear and turrets are failing to be properly deployed for damage or lack of support. The more of them set up, the better the orks might be pushed back - or at least held. Which at this point, is the best that can be done.  [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>The Trontiux Lords: 78<br/>
The Culling: 96<br/>
Broken Orks: 8</b><br/>
<br/>
"A good kill, initiate, but you have not yet earned your place," Cyrus informed the previously exuberant child, who sighed as he once more sighted his sniper rifle.<br/>
<br/>
As Cyrus moved away, watching over all, he heard them speak to one another once they thought he was out of earshot.<br/>
<br/>
"Does anything actually impress the Captain?"<br/>
<br/>
"Depends. Have you ever walked into an enemy camp, and out again, and blown up the camp without them seeing you?"<br/>
<br/>
"Would that do it?"<br/>
<br/>
The Scout Sergeant, of the 1st Company, formerly of the 5th, formerly a scout of the 10th, rubbed at his chin for a moment. He considered, strongly, his memories of his time there, of his tutelage under Cyrus, who had trained space marines for decades, and been alive for centuries longer than him. Finally, he shrugged.<br/>
<br/>
"Probably not."<br/>
<br/>
<u><b>Trontiux Results:</b></u><br/>
<b>Cyrus satisfied with culling efforts on Trontiux III. Remaining orks are pushed back across Black Archipelago to Pacemen, jungles of Petramis mostly cleared. Remainder of orks allowed to live to ensure proper foe for Trontiux Lords to fight, and keep themselves sharp upon. Ork population reduced to Medium High.</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><u><b>Current Plans For Conclusion Stage Of Engagement</b></u>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Trontiux III</b><br/>
[] Leave: Your work is here is done. The Warboss slain, WAAAGH!! broken, Pacemen an inferno. The orks have sustained heavy casualties on Petramis as well. The human lords now have their chance to push back against the threat, and reclaim their citadel-cities. It is time to return to Aurelia…or, perhaps to join up with Chapter Master Angelos. It is highly unlikely that that conflict will be over by the time you get there.<br/>
-[] Aurelia [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>
-[] Angelos [Write-In Forces Sent]<br/>​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>