<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Three)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Three)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left">​</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>[X] Plan: Step 4 Is Profit</b><br/>
<i>-[X] Strategic Path For Initial Phase</i><br/>
--[X] Reclamation First<br/>
<i>-[X] Strategic Path For Next Phase</i><br/>
--[X] Retake<br/>
---[X] Kuru, then Matsuya<br/>
----[X] 1st and 10th Fleet, Justinius Probalis, Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard<br/>
---[X] Avanti, then Vatsa<br/>
----[X] 2nd and 4th Fleet, Hannibal Palrun, Nero Gracchus<br/>
--[X] Middle<br/>
---[X] All ground forces<br/>
<i>-[X] Next Phase</i><br/>
--[X] Interdict<br/>
---[X] 1st, 4th and 10th Fleets, 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Continued Bombardment<br/>
---[X] 2nd Fleet<br/>
--[X]<b> Top</b><br/>
--[X] During first two steps Librarius will concentrate on predicting the actions of the Suysh and where their defenses are the weakest. During 3rd step, they will concentrate on locating the enemy Queens and if their connection to the rest of the Hive is psychic and if it can be disrupted.<br/>
--[X] Vehicles and unassigned specialists to be distributed equally amongst battle groups.<br/>
<div style="text-align: left">​</div></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: left">​</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b>​</div> <br/>
When the Blood Ravens finally emerged from the warp, they did not advance immediately. The temperament of their Master of Fleets notwithstanding, there was reconnaissance work to be done before making any major moves. The last reports of the Deathwatch were by now far too old to rely on for surety. Auspex scans went out across the system, probes flitting forth and sending back information to be collected and analyzed. All four planets, for a start, remained as they were. Roiling industry existed across their surfaces, the result of years of Suyush habitation and construction, while above them floated the orbital defense platforms and Suyush-crafted shipyards as was expected. Elsewhere, the <i>Sacred Crown</i> space station slowly rotated in the void. A transport fleet of Suyush ships likely laden with war material and supplies was still berthed around it, while a squadron of Suyush cruisers floated about it as protectors. Its defenses were known to be formidable, with macro batteries and lance turrets aplenty – though it was unlikely any of its launch bays still held Imperial fighters or bombers. All of this was expected.<br/>
<br/>
However.<br/>
<br/>
To the surprise of all those present over the tactical table, holo-picts of the system flickering in the dim light, was a rather glaring change to the information the Blood Ravens had been given. Two changes, in fact.<br/>
<br/>
An entire quadrant of the <i>Sacred Crown’s</i> defenses had been turned to slag, battle scars obvious even from long distance auspex scans. The cruisers present around the station themselves showed battle damage that was, just as the space station’s wounds, something all-together unexpected. Specifically, thanks to the fact that even cursory auspex scans, joined with the ability of the Librarius to peer beyond the confines of their ships, was proof enough that the wounds suffered presently were far too recent. The last Deathwatch incursion attempt had been an entire year ago, while the patchwork repairs done thus far to station and guardians was only a few weeks old. More pertinently, the battle damage was recognizable, especially to Hadrian upon the command throne, his mind linked with the cogitators of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>.<br/>
<br/>
It was damage dealt by the exact same munitions that an astartes strike cruiser was capable of.<br/>
<br/>
“Any further identifying characteristics possible? Debris? Signal ghosts? Anything?” Gabriel called up to Hadrian.<br/>
<br/>
The Captain had nothing to give in return but grit teeth and a shaking head.<br/>
<br/>
“I’m sorry, Chapter Master,” Hadrian snarled quietly. “There’s nothing.”<br/>
<br/>
Only then did Gabriel turn his gaze to Justinius. Words were not needed. Blinking, on the other hand, was, as psychic light began to emanate from the Chief Librarian’s eyes that quickly advanced from luminous to blinding temporarily. The air that puffed out from his lips was as a chilling fog, while in the extreme faint distance a small crackle of lightning and thunder could be heard despite the atmospheric controls on the bridge. The serfs on the bridge did their best to cringe away from the display of psyker powers, turning away and hunching over their consoles. Words that simply could not be understood were murmured in a language that was not built on pure linguistics, all the while the Chief Librarian reached out with one hand in the vague direction of the station.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Peering Through The Veil: 22</b><br/>
Then he blinked with the lights illuminating his eyes fading away. The crawling sensations suffered by just about everyone else present bled away as well. Justinius sighed and pinched at the bridge of his nose, attempting to staunch the faint trickle of blood.<br/>
<br/>
“I cannot pierce the veil enough to grant us answers. All I see is old dust and blood, a cloud of it blocking me.”<br/>
<br/>
Frowns abounded amongst the Blood Ravens, then, but they had little time to delay. The moment their ships had entered the system, the auspex scans were showing the xeno ships and forces beginning to react to their presence. Defensive positions were being built up on the planets, stations brought to full readiness, the enemy ships coming to full wakefulness. Thankfully, it appears that the sheer time between incursions by the Imperium has lulled them into a slight sense of false security. Not nearly as much as it should be, since apparently someone was just here, but their ships are scattered throughout the system. Even their battleship is not at the <i>Sacred Crown</i>, apparently instead over the world of Vatsa.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well,” Gabriel said calmly. “Prepare yourselves, brothers. Our first primary objective is the reclamation of the station. There, we will be able to investigate at first hand.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================<br/>​</div><b>Assault And Boarding<br/>
89 vs. 36</b><br/>
<br/>
For too long, had the Suyush held this system. They’d taken it and moved on to other Imperial systems before anything could be done, and they’d resisted the piecemeal Deathwatch insertions since. But they had, in this battlezone at least, never faced so much force concentrated at them. Turning to face the foe, their strange rock-like hulls and inhuman oblong shapes made them appear as if almost squeezed asteroids than anything else. But the weapon systems were obvious, as were the engines on the back. They were certainly ugly, but with it they carried a visible menace upon the tactical screens. It was easy to see how they had repeatedly proven themselves equals to the Imperial Navy, their speed and weaponry making it possible to peel open or melt holes in the hulls so that their ravenous kind could flood the innards of any ship from escort to battleship.<br/>
<br/>
But they did not face the Imperial Navy here.<br/>
<br/>
They faced the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
Bombardment cannons fired at the longest possible ranges, while caestus assault rams prepared themselves for boarding. The xeno answered with all of their alien fury, yet they were not prepared for the leap forwards that the strike cruisers performed. Before heat-cannons and thermal wave blasts could even be turned on, the Blood Ravens had already shot past, their own boarding parties crashing into their hulls. Apollo Diomedes battered aside a dozen of this new foul alien race in the time it took them to realize he was even there. On another ship, the new captain of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company fired his weapon down a corridor, incinerating an entire incoming wave of Suyush defenders. While the ships tried to turn about to fire upon and launch their own boarding parties against the faster space marine ships, the battle barges turned wide and fired broadside after broadside against their foes.<br/>
<br/>
Upon the <i>Sacred Crown</i> itself, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company landed in great numbers, their scouts disappearing into its depths. Within the hour hundreds of aliens lay dead, whether they were newborn or hearty hungerers, slaughtered in all a manner of methods. By knife to throat, mine, detonation pack, ambush with high powered shotgun blasts, and more. The Suyush, in turn, were forced to turn about, trying to reinforce their failing control of the station even as their ships began to come to a stuttering halt in the void above. Crude void shield systems met melta bombs, while heat cannon reactors were sabotaged and set to erupting. One xeno cruiser practically fell apart as its own weaponry was turned inwards and overcharged, its hull and crew melting as one misshapen mass while the Blood Ravens turned to the thunderhawks and left the dead foe behind.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reclamation<br/>
66 vs. 41</b><br/>
<br/>
The alien fought back, for this was their newly claimed domain, but they could not resist the advance no matter how many bodies they threw forth. More and more of the ships around the <i>Sacred Crown</i> died, reduced to husks from their slaughtered crews and destroyed vital systems, nothing less than perfect targets for the Blood Raven fleet. Elsewhere, across the system, the Suyush pushed their engines into whatever it was they called the redline, while the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> and other ships began to pick up an alien vox transmission. It took a moment for the servitors and cogitators to solve the differences in broadcasting and receiving in time for a voice to come across the vox broadcast on a widely general band. The source, unsurprisingly, is from the Suyush vessel type classified by Imperial observers over the past few years as a ‘Scorchnest’ Battleship. Which is where, apparently, the queen is.<br/>
<br/>
“-and know that you too will suffer the rage of Prexis Void-Slake! My brood shall slaughter you, and eat you all! Your blood will feed my children, your meat will be mine to take! MY! MEAT! MY! MEAT! MY! ME-”<br/>
<br/>
Her voice is a disgusting squeal of insectile chitters and reptilian hisses, all of it rendered as booming thunder.<br/>
<br/>
But for the Suyush upon the station itself, there was no queen to guide them perfectly other than in engendering their rage and aggression. However, there were still many hungerers present, their pheromone signature that of Queen Void-Slake, and thus they carried her authority. But as the battle went on, they found that for once there were true elites for them to battle against, and that while a particularly resilient guardsman was a worthy meal, space marines were a far hardier meal to grasp. Over five hundred Blood Ravens had invaded the <i>Sacred Crown</i> within a day of the chapter’s arrival in-system, their information more than sufficient enough to plant them in effective range of the station. Either the Suyush didn’t possess the capability to move the station, or the desire, or some combination of the two. Years of records were more than enough to paint a preference to claim territory and hold it to bypass the resource usage it would take to build their own.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Locking It Down<br/>
50 vs. 45</b><br/>
<br/>
The Chapter Master would be the one to take the strategium, the very tip of the spear to slaughter the last of the hungerers present. Elsewhere across the station, larders of cooked and preserved meat would be discovered, a great many of the hunks still possessing the uniforms they’d died in. Weapon stocks were found as well. A great amount of techno-heresy had been performed, to the utter outrage of the techmarines once they began to examine the systems of the station left behind. The foul Suyush had begun forcibly integrating their technologies, turning pristine monitoring and communication systems into horrible amalgams of alien tech. Imperial reactors, turned to Suyush desires and specifications. All for them to keep the <i>Sacred Crown </i>working as its original purpose, only for new masters. Martellus himself was able to, even on a cursory examination, tell that they’d been coordinating mining and refining work across the rest of the system. They even still possessed the old networked connection to the orbital defense stations. The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had found the Suyush trying to sabotage the station when they knew they would lose it, to disable weapon systems, void shielding, and most importantly, the central reactor complex. With the latter’s damage or destruction, the station would be left utterly defenseless, or worse, be torn apart entirely.<br/>
<br/>
But as the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company began to scour every nook and cranny, they also sought information.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Computer Evidence: 2<br/>
Scouts Evidence: 40</b><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, you’re going to want to see this,” Martellus called as he tore away the Suyush computers for scrapping, revealing the far humbler and much more natural Imperial cogitators and monitors beneath.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel glanced at him from across the strategium, nodding once, before returning to his conversation with Apollo. The formerly disgraced champion saluted and marched off to continue purging the station. Martellus listened to the command vox line, even though most of his mind was not focused on it, and felt some part of him grow warm with the knowledge that so many more of the xenos were dying. Their abuse of the holy machine angered him deeply. Especially considering the conditions that he’d found a great many of the cogitator banks. Behind him, he heard the steps of terminator armor announcing Gabriel’s arrival.<br/>
<br/>
“What is it, Martellus?”<br/>
<br/>
“This is the cogitator bank that held a certain amount of the data scanning records of the station. The Suyush deleted the information on a great many, but not all. This one,” Martellus thumped his fist on it, making the entire half-melted bank shake. “Contained the ones most pertinent to that one blasted area of the station.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel frowned, the metal of his bionics making the otherwise mild expression twist into a far more menacing grimace. Or perhaps he really was grimacing. It was not always easy for Martellus to tell. Turrets, he could understand just from a glance. Most machines, from examinations. For everything else, it was a bit more difficult. But in this case, there was certainly something unhappy about it, considering that the cogitator was melted and practically slag. The Suyush computers that had been placed on top of it for purely practical reasons of needing the space.<br/>
<br/>
“This one’s damage…it’s older?”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus nodded rapidly.<br/>
<br/>
“This was not done by our weapons, Chapter Master. But it <i>is</i> consistent with plasma gun damage, <i>not</i> with Suyush weaponry.”<br/>
<br/>
“Curious indeed,” Gabriel’s frown deepened as he pondered the issue. “It was destroyed purposefully, then. To keep the identities of those fighting secret?”<br/>
<br/>
Would the Inquisition send a force ahead of the Blood Ravens, and then go through the effort of removing their presence? The Tarquindil had been helpful thus far, but she was yet an Inquisitor Lord. Gabriel did not doubt for a second that she would authorize such a mission for some reason or another that she would not share even on pain of death. It was the way of their kind, and while he could respect it, there was a certain flare of irritation that she would do such a thing. Another Deathwatch force? Some other astartes Chapter contacted? Or, Gabriel wondered, if the astartes present were loyalists at all. It was known that many a chaos space marine did not care for the xeno races. It would be entirely within the capabilities of that sort of foe to wish their presence concealed, lest they be discovered by the Inquisition’s agents.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” Cyrus spoke lowly across the vox, his greetings punctuated by the crack-boom of his sniper rifle, “Do you have a moment?”<br/>
<br/>
“What is it, Cyrus?”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================​</div> <br/>
“We’ve found something, in an abandoned area. It appears to have been…looted, before we arrived. Fuel supplies, heavy weaponry, and the like.”<br/>
<br/>
Despite the years of Suyush occupation, this storage area had apparently still been worth raiding. There was no proof, really, of what had been stored here, but Cyrus knew that it had possessed some appreciable amount of war material. But more importantly were the signs of battle that had led here. Bolter scoring on the walls, yet to be repaired by the Suyush. A deep carved portion of a wall that had most certainly been dealt by some power weapon or another. There were faint bloodstains that had led them there, all of them being very, very old and also Suyush in origin. Whoever had come through here had suffered few to no casualties while dealing a great many to the Suyush in turn. Then they had taken what they wanted.<br/>
<br/>
“Any evidence as to their identity? Deathwatch? Loyalist? Traitor?”<br/>
<br/>
“Unfortunately…,”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus bent down and picked up a bolter shell left in a corner, a scant handful of weeks’ worth of dust on it. He rolled it about in his fingers before pocketing it and snapping his fingers to gather the rest of his scouts. There was nothing more to be done here, nothing more to be found. There yet remained a number of Suyush alive. That would have to be resolved within the next few days, otherwise the Blood Ravens would never be able to properly say that they had truly retaken the station. It was not quite the same as being on a Kill Team, or being a Kill Marine, but personally, Cyrus enjoyed having so many more brothers on-hand rather than not.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================​</div> <br/>
<b>Remaining Functionality<br/>
87</b><br/>
<br/>
Luckily, despite there being over five hundred Blood Ravens assaulting the station, there was remarkably not nearly as much damage dealt to the station’s infrastructure than estimated. Not to say there wasn’t any damage, of course. There was a significant portion of the station that had been destroyed, and evidence of whoever the other astartes were causing notable internal damages. But for the most part, the Suyush had tried to restore what damage had been dealt, and had done their best not to destroy what they required. There were even a number of weapons systems that the Suyush had not really known how to utilize themselves due to the differences in operation requirements. Of course, without maintenance for so long meant that restoring them to functionality was another thing entirely…<br/>
<br/>
<b>Techmarine Restoration<br/>
93</b><br/>
<br/>
And yet, it was done. Martellus personally took charge of the frantic restoration efforts, pulling servitors aplenty from the ships and bringing his entire tarantula turret compliment to stock the station’s internal defenses. By the time the other Suyush ships arrived within effective combat range with the <i>Sacred Crown</i>, they were surprised to receive a salvo from the station’s reactivated lance batteries. Even with a fourth of its body turned to slag, the old beast had some claws left to it. Ones that its machine spirit, according to Martellus, was eager to use against the ones that had dared to turn it against its true masters for so long. Though its macro battery munitions had long been expended, and Martellus refused to do anything other than remove the grafted Suyush weapons on the hull, the lance batteries still burned hot and often.<br/>
<br/>
Then the Chapter split once more, a number amongst the fleet for necessary boarding precautions. The rest, however, remained on station. Given the speed of their assault and reclamation, they had more than enough time to set up defensive positions across almost all vital areas. Neophytes grumbled at mining so many corridors, as compared to the ‘glorious’ combat that they’d been allowed to partake in it was drudgery, but none disobeyed. Gabriel Angelos, on the other hand, strode to the strategium and activated its communication systems once more, for it yet remained connected to the Suyush ships – simultaneously granting the Blood Raven fleet access to the enemy’s entire network due to the Suyush’s integration efforts.<br/>
<br/>
It would have been better for the xeno if the Blood Ravens had been less skilled in taking the command centers, but under the wise predictions of the Librarius, such important assets had been preserved.<br/>
<br/>
“Listen well, alien <i>filth</i>,” Gabriel growled across the system, staring ahead at the tactica-projector with its threat designator colorations restored to default. “I am Gabriel Angelos, Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens. I do not care what your name is, for soon enough it will be nothing more than a foot note in the chapter’s records. Your larders are, as we speak, being thrown to space. You will have no meat from us. The <i>Sacred Crown</i> is the Imperium’s property, now and forever. If you desire it back, if you wish to save your…<i>meat</i>,” he spat the word, “You will face us, here and now. Come, or don’t, and prove your cowardly nature for all in your brood to see.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Alien Reclamation Attempt<br/>
88 vs. 5</b><br/>
<br/>
There was silence, in response, but several of the Suyush ships only began to accelerate further. Behind, the Scorchnest twitched as it unleashed its innards, proving its nature as a massive carrier. Alien interceptors and transports ballooned around it before flying in a misshapen cloud towards the <i>Sacred Crown</i>. The Blood Raven fleet, on the other hand, remained back. Far back. The station was more than tough enough to weather the initial waves, and behind them the astartes vessels began to fire upon those Suyush ships approaching the station and chipping away at shield and hull alike. On the station itself, multiple boarding vectors had remained clear, simply to completely trap the passages just beyond. When the first of the xeno boarding transports arrived, some boring through the hull, others landing in the cleared out hangar bays, they found themselves torn apart by concentrated salvos from the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company and the entire tarantula array compliment of the forges.<br/>
<br/>
It was, really, the first time the Blood Ravens had seen a more properly motivated Suyush rush, something which had caused entire Imperial Guard regiments to buckle. They were certainly less in number than any of said regiments, while the Suyush ranged from clawborn to hungerer elites. But they would not be found wanting. Heavy bolters and lascannons, grenades and mines, simple massed bolter fire, all these and more completely shredded a great many multitudes of the Suyush. Remarkably, however, this proved to only increase the bloodlust of the alien, their own cannibalistic natures showing themselves as a number of them died with bloody chunks of their brethren in their mouths. Others died, choking not just on their own blood but the bones of fellow Suyush stuffed in their cheeks.<br/>
<br/>
In the void, the chapter fleet advanced quickly. The <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> split its power entirely to its engines and its fore shielding. Then, with Captain Hadrian personally helming it, the battle barge slammed its bulk into and through a Suyush cruiser while the rest of the fleet followed behind. Close range battery fire came afterwards, while boarding parties were teleported into the rest of the enemy ships. But they did not stop, their engines continuing to burn as the ships sped away, their deadly payloads delivered and their shields in need of regeneration. A smaller number of Suyush ships attempted to follow, while others began to push ever more of their kind onto the station as their ships began to come apart.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Frantic Assault<br/>
11 vs. 95<br/>
</b><br/>
But numbers began to tell, as well as something that had been unexpected. With the Scorchnest approaching, it activated something that had, historically, not been proven to be common across similar vessels elsewhere across the sector. It possessed one of the rare Suyush teleportariums. Suddenly, there were a great many hungerers present across the <i>Sacred Crown</i>, some of the most elite troops the xenos possessed appearing deeper within behind the original defensive lines. Then, more worrisome, was the arrival of royal guard Suyush, hulking with scales as thick as dreadnought plate, tearing their way through the station’s forces. The Blood Ravens reacted as best as they could, but being struck from multiple directions at once still brought a great many low.<br/>
<br/>
In one corridor, a scout’s scream cut off as their head was roasted red and their brain melting out of eye sockets boiled empty. In another, a newly promoted member of the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company bellowed in pain as a Suyush blade plunged into the ceramite and into their chest, while from behind another of the alien’s bit into their throat. A venerable tarantula turret fired until its ammo counter ran empty, and found itself turned to a pile of slag, its corpse stomped beneath Suyush clawed feet as they ran further in. Elsewhere, a small number of neophytes were forced to go for their combat knives as their position was overrun, only saved by the arrival of a single assault marine. While their elder was torn apart limb from limb, the neophytes were able to flee, though the sight of the sacrifice would require a strong session from a chaplain after the battle was over. All the while, Queen Void-Slake’s personal vessel approached closer and closer to the station. Cruisers were melting significant portions of the hull to allow greater concentrations of their troops through.<br/>
<br/>
The Mechanicus would not be pleased.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Rally Assault + From Behind<br/>
57 vs. 15<br/>
82<br/>
</b><br/>
They would tolerate the damages, however, so long as the station was in some way recoverable. Something the Blood Ravens sought to ensure. Before it could continue to menace a retreating tactical squad, one of the royal guard found itself battered into a wall by Apollo Diomedes, the duel that came after short-lived indeed. There was barely enough time to even recognize he had been there before the champion was elsewhere. In another section of the station, the Chief Librarian simply waved his hand and prove that the fires of his mind were hotter than the thermal weaponry of the alien. They barely even had time to scream before their very souls were consumed by the flames. In the void above, the Blood Ravens turned about at the sharpest possible angle that would not tear the hulls apart. They returned, then, to batter at the Suyush ships once more, retrieving boarders by teleportarium and sending them back out once they were resupplied.<br/>
<br/>
But then came something else entirely.<br/>
<br/>
At the edge of the battlezone, the warp tore open. From the immaterium came a strike cruiser with a handful of escort gladius frigates. Immediately, their engines fired them at full speed ahead, their macro weaponry firing upon the Suyush ships from behind. Even as the Blood Raven fleet crashed once more into their alien counterparts, the strike cruiser was flying past them towards the <i>Sacred Crown</i>. It moved too quickly to halt due to the positioning of the other ships, vox signals bouncing off of it as they refused to respond. Amongst the blood-slick corridors there was a flash of lightning and the crackling smell of tainted ozone, and reports began to flood into the reclaimed strategium of new space marines appearing within and opening fire on the Suyush.<br/>
<br/>
“Unceasing Upon The Enemy!”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel paused as he heard the war cry, pausing as he lifted the head of his hammer from the still twitching corpse of one of the xeno royal guard. All around him, the rest of the honor guard kept their weapons at the ready even as the foreign astartes came around the corner. Their red and white armor was splattered with the gore of the alien, and yet they paused upon sighting the Chapter Master. For a moment, there was nothing more than a tense quiet, booms of warfare echoing in the distance. Then the red and white armored space marines hung back as their leader advanced, his power sword flickering in the dim lighting. The painted green laurels on the white of his helmet were chipped and battered.<br/>
<br/>
“Greetings, brothers. I am Sergeant Turiel of the Scarlet Lions. I am glad to see fellow astartes. Has the Inquisition finally deigned to send us aid?”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel exchanged a look with Captain Laskaris before glancing back at the so-called sergeant.<br/>
<br/>
“We were unaware of the Inquisition already contacting another chapter. They gave us much information, but nothing about you.”<br/>
<br/>
Turiel simply snorted, holstering his bolt pistol as he did so. Behind him, the rest of the Scarlet Lions seemed to relax somewhat as well.<br/>
<br/>
“That is unsurprising,” he responded dryly. “There is only one company of us granted to this assignment, much of our Chapter is currently embroiled in the fighting near Ultramar. We assaulted the station earlier, but our strike cruiser took damage as well. We had to retreat to lick our wounds for a time.”<br/>
<br/>
“I…see.”<br/>
<br/>
There was some truthfulness to his statement, or so Gabriel felt, but not wholly. But before he could bring his questions to the surface, one of the walls was melted to yellow sludge and a swarm of Suyush came pouring through. At their head was one of their royal guard, while those behind were of the hungerer elite. They howled and screeched at the interlopers, firing chest-mounted thermal cannons at close range while swiping about with their claws and biting with fangs that were impossible sharp. A pair of the Scarlet Lions died, while Captain Laskaris took a claw through the stomach while another member of the honor guard was sent flying backwards from a bone-shattering tail slap. But for all their fury, they faced some of the most elite of the Blood Ravens, and so within moments the battle was done.<br/>
<br/>
“The Blood Ravens are as fierce as they say,” Turiel grunted as he pulled his sword out of an alien’s chest. “But we cannot wait here.”<br/>
<br/>
“No, we cannot,” Gabriel agreed.<br/>
<br/>
Silently, however, he was requesting that all Scarlet Lions were registered and logged by every Blood Raven battlegroup which encountered them. He had never heard of the chapter, but then there were rumored to be a thousand of them spread out across the Imperium. In truth, even he, as a Chapter Master himself, was aware of only a few hundred by name, much less by war cry or progenitor. So he watched, and listened, as nine full squads were reported across the <i>Sacred Crown</i>. Some were cooperating with the Blood Ravens, others simply rushing from fight to fight. One group had even teleported into the strategium where Martellus remained, only to depart soon after their identities were confirmed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Finishing The Void Fight<br/>
72 vs. 24</b><br/>
<br/>
In time, the enemy fleet was fully destroyed. None seemed to even consider retreat an option with a queen backing them. As for Queen Void-Slake herself, thankfully the alien teleportarium technology was not powerful enough to shift her bulk itself. The sudden introduction of a knight sized foe would have been troubling indeed, especially for the continued integrity of the station. Instead, she screamed and ranted as the Blood Ravens surrounded her ship, tearing it apart from part to part. When one ship’s void shielding broke or failed, they would pull back and be shielded by another vessel. In this revolving bombardment schedule, the Blood Raven ships avoided considerable amounts of damage. At the same time, on the Chapter Master’s orders, they closely scanned the arriving Scarlet Lion strike cruiser.<br/>
<br/>
To be sure, it had battle damage consistent with Suyush weaponry. But it had a great many scars which had come from a multitude of sources as well.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, the queen in command of the system’s void-based forces died screaming. The engines had been disabled early on, and so there was no chance for her to even evacuate.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================<br/>​</div>The meeting would come a few hours later, as the wounded and dead were tallied. This time, the leader of the Scarlet Lions present came by thunderhawk, presenting himself to the Blood Ravens as the rest of his company gathered itself in one of the larger launch bays.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Angelos, I am Master Akermian of the Scarlet Lion’s 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company. I bid you greetings in the name of our chapter, and give thanks that you’ve arrived.”<br/>
<br/>
That, more than anything, finally slotted the chapter’s progenitor in Gabriel’s mind. There was but one legion and its successors who built their command structure as such. A successor of the Dark Angels. Not so rare as those of the White Scars, but then no legion had been so prolific in its successors than the Ultramarines. As for Akermian himself, his armor possessed silvery gilding amongst the red and white, to the point that his winged helm was silver in coloration compared to the gold some might have expected. His entire body, as well as that of his command squad, possessed a rather significant amount of cloth about them, ensuring that even while wearing their power armor they were robed and hooded. All save for Akermian, whose hood was down. At his side was a deactivated power sword, on the other a plasma pistol.<br/>
<br/>
“I greet you Master Akermian. We were unaware of the Ordo Xenos approaching another chapter for this, but will not turn away allies against such a foe.”<br/>
<br/>
Akermian just gave a hollow laugh in response.<br/>
<br/>
“Of course they wouldn’t say anything. Why would they? No, we’ve been trying for hit and runs for a while now, across the sector. We’ve only just recently begun targeting this system in particular, as it was decided that we could concentrate our efforts here rather than spread out across the sector.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see.”<br/>
<br/>
The Scarlet Lion just shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“The Inquisition has to have known we were operating in the sector for the past year, I do not know why they would not contact you. But as it is, we have a common cause, beating back the damned alien.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Refinement And Continuation</b><br/>
Initial Phase Concluded! Either vote to continue on as previous planned, or modify plan already in place! Please view the spoiler tabs for tactical considerations!<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">[] Continue With Current Phase Plan<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Current Planned Phase Plan!</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">--[] Retake<br/>
---[] Kuru, then Matsuya<br/>
----[] 1st and 10th Fleet, Justinius Probalis, Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard<br/>
---[] Avanti, then Vatsa<br/>
----[] 2nd and 4th Fleet, Hannibal Palrun, Nero Gracchus<br/>
--[] Middle<br/>
---[] All ground forces</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
OR<br/>
<br/>
[] Alter Upcoming Phase Plan As Follows (Write-In)​</div> <br/>
<b>Phase 1 Completes!</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Total Casualties/Fatalities</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>10 of 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Wounded<br/>
4 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Killed [8 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
15 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Wounded<br/>
5 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Dead [10 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
1 Tarantula Sentry Turret (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolters)</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Phase Objectives + Tactical Considerations</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Space station <i>Sacred Crown</i> recovered. 1/4 of station is heavily damaged, inoperable! Lance batteries online! Communication network returned to Imperial control! <br/>
Tactical Consideration! Orbital Stations Networked Sacred Crown! Can be shut down, allowing greater chance for boarding procedure success!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! 3 of 4 Orbital Stations Over Planet Vatsa Functional! One Destroyed! Auspex Records State From Space Marine Vessel Combat! Chrono-Records Indicate From Same General Period As Sacred Crown Damage!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! Scarlet Lions Assaulting Planet Vatsa Next Phase! Committing Entire Company To Planetary Assault!</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">New Imperials In Sector</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Scarlet Lion’s 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company, led by Master Akermian [Appears To Be At Full Strength] [Dark Angels Successors] [Warcry: Unceasing Upon The Enemy!]<br/>
1 Strike Cruiser, 4 Gladius-class Escorts [Minor Damage To All Ships]</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>