<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 34 Results - 2486.5 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 34 Results - 2486.5 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally

[*] Plan Efficiency, EIC, and Swords
-[*] MAX: Recruit him into the research branch of WEB-MAT
-[*] JOHANN: Recruit him into the research branch of WEB-MAT
-[*] DUCK: Continue to work with Panoramia with implementing the Waaaghsoak Mushrooms as an aid to spellcasting.
-[*] EIC: Insert agents into a particular province, cult, company, or institution to start gathering their secrets. (Cult of Karnos, Talabecland)
-[*] Suggest Eike spend a few weeks in Karak Eight Peaks, so she can grow familiar with Dwarves and their ways.
-[*] Branulhune's ability to disappear and reappear at a thought allows entirely new forms of combat. Continue to work on them.
-[*] Investigate the possibility of using one Wind to directly manipulate another.
-[*] Attempt to recruit Egrimm van Horstmann into WEB-MAT
--[*] COIN: Gambler
-[*] SERENITY: Write a paper: Daemonic Concealment of Karak Vlag
-[*] PENTHOUSE: Build a basic tower of single-Wind environments for each of the 'missing' Winds: Light, Amber, Amethyst, and Gold

[*] [KAU] In Kvinn-Wyr, with an entrance from the Eastern Valley



"Yes," Maximilian says, almost before you finish explaining the purpose of the World's Edge Branch for the Multidisciplinary Advancement of Thaumaturgy and your intention to recruit the two Gold Wizards.

Johann takes a moment longer to consider it. "Any other research branch, I'd have my doubts how well I'd fit into it," he eventually says. "But I've seen how you do research. I think it would be a good fit."

You smile, doing your best to show how pleased you are without also showing your relief. "While the branch would be based out of Karag Nar, the first major project would be based in Tor Lithanel. I've secured a gyrocarriage for transport between here and there, but you would be spending a lot of time amongst the Elves of Laurelorn. Would that be a problem?"

"Do they speak Reikspiel?" Johann asks.

"Some would, since they're trying to build bridges with the Middenlanders. We could sort out a translator or some other arrangement."

"Would we have access to a forge?" Max asks.

You give it some thought. "I would say so," you eventually conclude. "They respect trees, but they're willing to sacrifice them to necessity. Maybe their forges are fuelled by windthrow or something like that. Worst case scenario, we could import peat-coal and set one up."

"Then I won't have any trouble continuing my studies," Max says.

"There's sure to be other troubles, but we'll deal with them as they come. Now," you pull the cover off the chalkboard you'd prepared earlier, revealing a very rough sketch of the Old World with the known major Waystone nexuses marked. "Obviously the entire problem we're trying to solve is that we don't understand the Waystone network that well, but let's make sure we're all on the same page with what we do know. Have either of you gone through the Waystone course at the Colleges?"

"As an apprentice," Max says uncertainly. "I think I remember some of it."

"I was warned not to try to cast Breach the Unknown on any part of it. Apparently the spell tries to encompass the entire network, and you probably won't survive to see Frederheim."

"On the most basic level, the Waystone network is a worldwide network of artificial leylines that keeps reality from being drowned by the magical energy constantly flowing in from the poles. Without it, the entire world would be in the same state as the Chaos Wastes. All that energy is funnelled over to the Great Vortex at the centre of Ulthuan, and from there..." you tap the question mark at the heart of your sketch of Ulthuan on the chalkboard, floating off the coast of Bretonnia. "Well, our best guess is it's dumped back into the Warp, but we don't know for sure. We think at least some of the energy goes to keeping the island of Ulthuan afloat, and there's a lot of theories about what else they might tap into it for."

"They'd be stupid not to make the most of it," Johann says, nodding.

"Dwarven writing on the subject calls them duplicitous for it, saying they like to paint themselves as noble saviours of the world even though they're benefiting from having access to so much magical energy. But Dwarves aren't exactly unbiased on the matter." You twirl a piece of chalk in your fingers distractedly as you consider the map. "A big part of the mystery is that the network isn't just an Elven creation. The heart of it was supposedly an adaptation of an already-existing network built by precursors to the Elves, which we know basically nothing of. They started building entirely Elven Waystones throughout the world, but that didn't last long until they entered into their Golden Age partnership with the Dwarves and started incorporating Runecraft into the Waystones, and as far as I've been able to uncover, the details of those Runes are no longer known to modern Runesmiths." You sigh. "Dwarven philosophy says that it's better for knowledge to be lost entirely than taught to the unworthy, so they only ever record the least of their secrets. So when they had to turn all their attention to military matters just to survive the Times of Woes, a lot of knowledge was lost simply because there was no time to pass it on even to the deserving. But to acknowledge that would be to acknowledge a major flaw at the very heart of their culture. Modern Dwarves have to choose between seeing their Ancestors as flawed or themselves as undeserving, and most pick the latter."

The silence stretches as you brood on that. "So," Johann eventually says, "Runes are why we don't understand Waystones?"

"Right, Waystones. Well, Runes are a big part of it. The Elves being unwilling to tell us whatever they still know is another - most of what I've just said is pieced together from offhand comments Teclis made to the first Magisters. But a third problem is that there's a lot more to the network than Ulthuan's Waystones, even when you account for the differences between purely Elven and Elven-Dwarven hybrid designs. From the runes found on them, they're believed by most to have been made by early human tribes - Belthani in the west, Scythians in the east."

"They're extinct, aren't they?" Johann asks. "When I was reading up on the Kurgans, the books said that they wiped out the Scythians."

"The Kurgan say they're the inheritors of the Scythians, but it's unclear if that's from descent or conquest. The Kislevites claim that the Gospodars were descendants of the Scythians, but that might just be to bolster their land claims. I've seen theories that the Roppsmenn were Scythian remnants, and others that there are tribes even further east that might be. As for the Belthani, they were variously displaced and absorbed by the Pre-Imperial Tribes when they entered the Reik basin. Some say the beliefs of the Taalites and Rhyans descend from them, or the Damsels do, others say there are still secret cults keeping Belthani beliefs alive, and some say the founders of the Jade or Amber Orders were drawn from them. Some even say there's some secret island off the coast of Bretonnia where the Belthani still thrive, but that's never seemed plausible to me. So if that information is still out there, I'm going to have to try to winkle it out of someone who won't even openly claim they have it."

"Where do the Wood Elves come into this?" Johann asks.

"Eonir," you correct. "They were originally a colony of Ulthuan, and they've indicated they have at least some of the information Ulthuan has, and for reasons I can't get into, I believe them. They've also said that they're willing to share it, which is why we'll be partnering with them. They have a variety of plant they cultivate that acts as a tributary to the Waystone network, though I'm not sure if that was an original part of the network, or if it postdates or even predates it."

Max looks up from the notes he's been taking. "So by my count, you've got four nations, three tribes, four Cults, and two Orders that could all have pieces of the puzzle, and most of them aren't inclined to share, and some of them might not even still exist."

"At least." You hadn't mentioned the Hedgewise, after all.

"Well," he says, "at least it won't be boring."

---

A question in your correspondences with Lord Magister Kurtis Krammovitch: how important is the Waystone Project? Well, you would say very important. It could allow for the expansion of the Dwarven network. It could end conflict between Karaz-a-Karak and Karak Eight Peaks. It could drive back the malign energies of Sylvania, of Mousillon, of Troll Country, of the Blighted Marsh. It could reclaim the Badlands, heal the Dark Lands, revive Nehekhara, push back the Chaos Wastes. It could save the world.

Could, could, could.

Your response to him focuses instead on would. It would build a new connection with the notoriously isolationist Eonir. It would be meeting Elves as equal partners in a research project. It would accelerate the normalization of relations with Laurelorn. It would give the Empire greater insight and influence into the source of tensions between Nordland and Middenland. It would give the Empire another line of communication with Ulthuan, and counterbalance their financial interest in Marienburg with their desire to rebuild relations with their former colonies.

This approach bears fruit in the form of a letter full of banalities that translate into a time and a place, and as the sun barely begins to peek over the walls of Altdorf you make your way through the mists of Tempelgarten. In the center of a bubble of mist keeping a respectful distance you see the person you are here to meet: Lady Magister Mira, former Magister Matriarch of the Light Order, at least a foot taller than you and clad from neck to toe - well, neckline to toe - in white. Whatever internal mechanisms keep Alric in power have also resulted in power being ceded to her on multiple occasions, albeit temporarily, and if there's anyone that can loosen Alric's grip on Egrimm, it's her.

"Lady Magister," she murmurs as you approach, the thrum of her voice pushing back the fog another foot.

"Lady Magister," you reply as you take a seat on the bench next to her. "Thank you for meeting me."

"Thank you for the seed of a solution to the Drakwald issue. Dear Dragomas has been trying to make overtures to them for quite some time." She flicks a finger and a marble-sized ball of light shoots out, causing a quack of complaint from a perhaps overly-inquisitive duck. "You think our Egrimm could help?"

"We worked together well on the Expedition, against enemies and mysteries alike. This project is going to call for as much cooperation between the Orders as we can muster."

"And if even the Lights are putting their trust in this little Shadowmancer, so can you," she says with a smile. "Quite ambitious of you. But many a researcher among the Light Wizards has spent fruitless years obsessed with the Waystones, filling books with questions without ever stumbling across an answer. What makes you think you can outdo them?"

"I don't, and I'm not trying to," you retort. "Egrimm and I studied the Windfall because Dwarven artifice let us reach it. Every paper I have written owes much to doing so behind Dwarven walls and while referencing Dwarven tomes. When Waaagh Birdmuncha died, it was not just me, it was as much Runelord Kragg and High Priest Gunnars. If I am going to see further, it will be by standing on the shoulders of Dwarves."

"Which is something the Golds have been trying to achieve for some time," she observes. "Have they achieved it, through you?"

"I have two Magisters of The Golden Order who will be contributing to the project. And now I am offering the same to one of yours."

"Clever answer," she says after a moment's thought. "Sometimes we say that any idiot can be a Light Wizard in the sun, their true test comes in the depths of night. If the inverse can be said of your kind, you could be said to be doing very well indeed."

"Thank you," you say, trying to sound sincere.

"Have you ever visited our grounds?"

"Yes, when I met with the Magister Patriarch."

"You may have observed that it was not a capstone standing alone, high in the sky, but an enormous structure built of many pieces. A fact that the person you met could stand to be reminded of." She muses a moment longer, watching the first rays of sunlight stretch over the water. "Come the new year, pay a visit to Wizards and Alchemists Guild in Middenheim. You may find waiting there a new and luminescent recruit for your burgeoning project."

"Thank you," you say simply.

The smile she gives in reply seems to owe nothing to friendliness. "No thanks necessary. The pleasure will be mine."

---

As many know, Necromancy is a form of magic wherein the caster manipulates Shyish which in turn manipulates Dhar, and in doing so is able to tap into the power of Dhar without the caster coming into direct contact with it. Where a human directly wielding Dhar will be driven insane in short order, a Necromancer can go many years without going mad, and even then that madness comes from the environmental Dhar that Necromancers tend to surround themselves with, rather than as a direct result of their spellcasting.

A question presents itself: if Necromancers can use one form of magic to manipulate another, can other combinations be achieved?

The answer: Probably. Wild Magic, the magic of Beastmen, is often suspected to be a corruption of Ghur in a similar manner.

Your answer: Definitely. You saw for yourself a Clan Eshin magic-user wielding a combination of Dhar and Ulgu.

Another, safer question: can a combination be achieved that doesn't involve Dhar?

The answer: Possibly, but any misstep might cause Dhar or a miscast, so it would be terribly dangerous. At least, it would be for someone who doesn't already have at least a theoretical grasp on the techniques of a Dhar based magic, which no Magister should ever have. So it would be folly to even try.

Your answer: A significant, thoughtful silence. One that's been lurking in the back of your mind for quite some time.

To make the attempt, you're absolutely sure, would not be a breach of the Articles. It risks the accidental creation of Dhar, but the same could be said of any manipulation of magic. If it does not use Dhar and is not intended to result in it, then it's legal. A success, if reported to others, might raise certain questions that you'd want to be very careful to create plausible answers to, but that's no reason not to make the attempt in the first place.

So with a stack of reference materials and Wolf on the lookout for unexpected visitors, you read up on an alien Wind and ensconce yourself within the protections of your White Tower. You've settled on Ghyran for your first attempt, in part because of pleasant associations, in part because of your hopes the Wind of Life would be the most benign and familiar of the possibilities, in part because if all goes terribly wrong you could blame it on the Seed embedded in your palm. With utter focus you grasp Ulgu with your soul, and instead of shaping it into a familiar form to be projected out onto the world, you try to push it outwards to wrap around a strand of Ghyran.

It is, you quickly discover, rather like trying to catch a live eel in a cat's cradle, if the cat's cradle was also made of eels.

As every Apprentice knows, the Winds repel each other. If that were not the case then there would be no Winds at all, as they would all merge and decay into Dhar shortly after emerging into the world. You had hoped that you could move skilfully enough to encircle and thus control a strand anyway, but when after hours of concentration you finally manage to entrap a strand of Ghyran so it can't slip free from the web you have built around it, its thrashing attempts bring it directly into contact with the Ulgu and a  bloom of Dhar forms and begins to spread, slowly but interminably. You expel the Ulgu and activate the protections of the Room of Calamity, and the curdling Winds are drawn out of the room and flushed into the air.

There's no danger in that, you remind yourself. You looked into it when you first built the room. At this height it will be blown away, and if it blows west or east or south it will be one more drop in the oceans of the Badlands or the Dark Lands or Nehekhara, and if it blows north it will be drawn into the Waystone network and be dealt with by the ancient artifice of the Elves. When you learned that the Karak itself is eight enormous Waystones it simplified it even further. Within the hour it will have been captured by one of them and will be on its way to Karaz-a-Karak, where some ancient Runic masterpiece will somehow break it into usable and benign energy.

You repeat the experiment until you're sure there's no happy medium where you can constrict the Ghyran tightly enough for it to be under your control, but loosely enough that it doesn't come into contact with the Ulgu. But it does not react reliably, the way a solid or liquid would always act the same way when presented with the same circumstances. It reacts like a maddened animal, reacting to being cornered with escalating aggression until it either escapes or tears itself apart. Again and again Dhar blooms and is then flushed away, and many days end with a throbbing headache from seeing the beauty of Winds being corrupted into the malevolent substance of destruction.

You abandon your torment of Ghyran in the hopes that it acts like a living being because it is the Wind of Life, and move on to Chamon, hoping that the Wind of metal and logic will act more, well, logically. And it does act differently, but only in the way that it drives itself wild in your grip before another bloom of Dhar confirms a failed experiment: this is more like a roiling boil than a thrashing creature, but the result is the same.

With five more Winds you reach the same conclusion, the only variable being that some Winds require a tighter or looser grip before they are no longer able to slip free. The conclusion is inevitable: the Winds just don't want to be near each other, and if you make them, then they react with escalating chaos until they touch and form Dhar.

Which should be the end of it, but... well, there's no crime in mere speculation, is there? Say you did force them, and a minute amount of Dhar did form, as it has many, many times in the preceding experiments. It would, in time, corrupt both Winds involved. But during that time, the corruptive power of Dhar would counteract the repellent power of the Winds. During that time, if someone acted quickly enough, they could reach through Ulgu to to more directly manipulate the subject Wind. They could shape that energy into a spell, and unleash that spell with enough force to sever the connection, leaving the Dhar with the caster and the spell free to act. That tiny amount of Dhar could then be shaken off by the caster before it corrupts the entire strand of Ulgu, leaving only a trace amount of environmental Dhar and minimal danger to the caster.

It's plausible. Very plausible. The only problem is that unlike your experimentation so far, it would undeniably be a 'sorcery or witchcraft that utilises the wicked powers of Dark Magic'. From there the Articles go straight to Abominable Act, Heretic and Traitor, put to sword and fire immediately.

You've never outright breached the Articles before, at least not by your understanding of them. But the only way to pursue this further would be to change that.

With that conclusion, and with its unspoken question hanging in the air, you encode your notes, lock them securely away, and burn the originals.

---

Your letter to Wilhelmina broaching the idea of Eike paying a visit to Karak Eight Peaks seems to have been very convincing indeed, because their response comes carried in the hands of Eike herself, who Wolf spots halfway up the stairs of Karag Nar and gives a ride the rest of the way, leaving her minder from the local EIC branch far behind. The tone of the letter, which you carefully read your way through as Wolf shows the wide-eyed Eike through your trophy room, seems to indicate that this is not due to some falling out between Eike and Wilhelmina as you initially suspected, but simply because of how important the Dwarves already are and are going to become even more to the EIC's continued success. In Wilhelmina's eyes Eike is apparently starting to meet the ambitious expectations she had of her, and is ready to start truly blossoming, hopefully in the field of Dwarven relations. Well, okay then.

How do you even treat an eleven-year-old, anyway? The only lesson you can really take from your own childhood is to not threaten Eike with a fiery death. You grew up in two very different worlds, both very different to hers. But eventually you remember one thing: how much you hated it when the Apprentices older than you - pretty much all of them - treated you like the child that, admittedly, you still were. So perhaps the way to proceed is to treat her, at least to her face, like the adult that Wilhelmina expects her to be.

"Well then," you say as you enter the trophy room, where Eike is staring transfixed by Alkharad's empty eye sockets. "There'll come a day when you'll be running the EIC, so it's important for you to know how to get along with the Dwarves - which is something a lot of people never really figure out."

"Yes, Dame Weber," she says obediently.

"If you're going to be my partner, you can call me Mathilde. That's Wolf," you say with a nod at him, "he's my familiar, so he'll be helping look after you while you're here, and if there's anything you need to tell me, you can tell him and I'll hear it."

She looks from you to him and back again. "Okay," she says.

"So, let's introduce you to some very important people," you say, still trying to work out exactly which people those should be.


Vote for what people or institutions Mathilde will introduce Eike to during her time at Karak Eight Peaks. This will be on top of her learning about Dwarves in general, and may or may not shape the person she becomes in the years to come. You can vote for any amount, and the three with the most votes will win.

[ ] Belegar Ironhammer
[ ] Kazrik and the Dwarves of Karak Azul
[ ] Dreng, Clan Huzkul, and the Cult of Grimnir
[ ] Edda and the Cult of Valaya
[ ] Gotri, the K8P Air Corps, and the Cult of Morgrim
[ ] Gunnars and the Cult of Gazul

[ ] Johann and the Cult of Grungni
[ ] Max and the Cult of Smednir
[ ] Gretel and Braganza's Besiegers
[ ] Kragg the Grim
[ ] Thorek Ironbrow

[ ] Panoramia, Hluodwica, and the Halflings
[ ] Francesco, Soizic, and the Undumgi
[ ] Adela, Oswald, and the Gunnery School
[ ] Hubert, Sir Ruprecht, and Ulrikadrin
[ ] Cython
[ ] The We



- There will be a one hour moratorium.
- For the record, there were no dicerolls involved with the 'tongs' section. This is the quest-canonical metaphysical answer to the question that was asked.
  </body>
</html>