<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part Four)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part Four)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><i>GM Note: Here we go. </i><br/>​</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Consolidate</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Consolidate<br/>
-[X] Battlegroup Orders<br/>
--[X] Primaris: Retreat Towards Battlegroup Tertium<br/>
--[X] Secundus: Head Towards And Aid Battlegroup Quartus<br/>
--[X] Quartus: Pursue Depths Of Station To Locate Warboss Within when Secundus links up<br/>
-[X] Techmarine Orders<br/>
--[X] Disruption<br/>
<div style="text-align: left">​</div></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Scouring Fury<br/>
+060.M42+ To +065.M42+<br/>
+<i>Let Your Fury Scour The Xeno Forevermore+</i></b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Disengage From Gamma<br/>
75 vs. 56</b><br/>
<br/>
“We are of no use here,” Gabriel shook his head, ignoring the storm of slugs being thrown their way. “We shall move to assist Hannibal, and return with greater numbers.” Gabriel glanced to the whirring of servo-harnesses and muttered mixtures of gothic and binary. “Techmarine? How goes it?”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Disruption Pulse<br/>
30</b><br/>
<br/>
“Working, Chapter Master,” Quarius muttered back from the huddle of his Mars-trained brethren. “Worry not. We can work on the move.”<br/>
<br/>
Not a single one of the Blood Ravens’ group actually turned their backs to the enemy. Despite the scoring to their armor, the sheer volume of fire beginning to shred purity seals. The scouts used their better armored battle brothers as scant cover, tossing smoke and frag grenades. Not that the former did much to dissuade the orks from firing with everything they could into the tunnel. The frag and krak grenades, on the other hand, did aid matters. As did the advanced targeting cogitators inside of the rapiers as they were piloted by the techmarines.<br/>
<br/>
“Oy! You get back dere and get dakka’d!”<br/>
<br/>
“If only you were able to wrest yourself free and fight us yourself, ork!” Apollo called over his shoulder as they began to collapse the tunnel entrance.<br/>
<br/>
“Why I oughta…I’ze gunna smash ya one way or annuver!”<br/>
<br/>
There were other ways towards the objective, ones that could be taken later. The entire station was a total warren, and without the Blood Ravens deliberately shattering tunnels to close them they’d find a way. The orks alone could blow holes to let them through. Even now, drills and explosives could be heard in the distance. But they could not get through fast enough. Not when the Blood Ravens actually began to push themselves, to exert their wearied armors into a thumping run at full speed. The rapiers blazed at full speed with the techmarines begging their machine spirits to push just a little harder, their treads tearing up the ground beneath and casting up vast dust clouds behind the entire battlegroup.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pushing Towards Tertium<br/>
55 vs. 13<br/>
</b><br/>
“Hurr…dere you are! Gettem!”<br/>
<br/>
Down one of the longer hallways, its ceiling high enough for a fully grown squiggoth to come through, a great number of walls burst apart as thickly clad ork nobs came rushing through. At their head was an entire mob of mega-nobs, klaws clacking and sparking with lightning and fire. There were over a hundred of them. Many fired their cannons into the air, or in their general direction. Others simply ran as fast as they could. Behind all of them, a war trukk on spiked wheels came roaring through, running over a dozen orks and dozens more gretchin as it came on. It was topped by a frankly impossibly heavy gun that should have crushed the chassis from simply carrying it.<br/>
<br/>
“ERE WE GO! ERE WE GO!”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel did not slow down. None of the Blood Ravens did.<br/>
<br/>
“MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!”<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">==================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
<b>Tertium’s Holding<br/>
100 vs. 38</b><br/>
<br/>
The red giant breathed heavily from where it stood atop the bodies. The smaller red ones loitered about by it. Each step was heavy with sticky gore, crunching shattered guns and heavy weaponry beneath their feet. With one hand it loosely held a sparking crozius arcanum, larger than any other carried in the chapter. In the other it held an ork by the throat. An especially large specimen, who snarled weakly in the grip before the fingers tightened and bone within was suddenly forced without. One had to squint, at this point, to see the floor of guns beneath the new layer of bodies. Or the layer of bodies on top of that. The rapiers and dreadnoughts had punished all who had sought to swarm, while the tight single core of chaplains had ensured every attempted breakthrough had failed. All while the techmarines had busied themselves in the very center of the formation.<br/>
<br/>
Those of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company thumped about, tracking back and forth from within their terminator armor. But for a moment, it was unneeded.<br/>
<br/>
Hannibal Palrun, gore-strewn, clad in the crimson of his enemies, tightened his grip on his crozius and slammed it down on the ork’s head. The power fields erupted, exploding the upper torso entirely and sending limbs flying. At least a third of his power armor was gone at this point, revealing dirt-brown tribal-marked flesh in arms thick with muscle, a spots of a torso covered in scars. One of the last marines to ever be recruited from Typhon Primaris had been fighting orks since he was born. But never had he extorted such a toll. And though Typhon Primaris was now a truly dead world, some quiet and hidden part of him hoped that he had honored his ancestors with the amount of dead in the here and now.<br/>
<br/>
But then there was the sound of bolter fire. Heavy bolters. Shouts of fury and hate. The crack-boom of a thunder hammer and power mace. Slowly, the whole of battlegroup tertium turned to face the newest hallway. The orks had been relentless, attacking from at least three different directions at once with varying levels of intensity that ran from high to unbearable. The tunnels they came from changed seemingly by the minute as each individual mob was chivvied into place by Doom-Eater. Until stopping for the past blessed sixty seconds at least. The sounds of fighting increased in volume and intensity further and further until it came to a halt.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” Hannibal greeted the leader of all Blood Ravens as he turned the corner.<br/>
<br/>
Immediately, the techmarines of both groups joined together into an even larger mass, babbling amongst themselves with the arcane secrets of the Omnissiah.<br/>
<br/>
“Hannibal,” Gabriel raised an eyebrow. “You are well?”<br/>
<br/>
“For the moment,” the Master of Sanctity nodded, the red lens in the remaining half of his helm impossible to pick out from the crimson offal coating the rest of him.<br/>
<br/>
The walls squealed and shuddered as the alien mind within spoke.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, fer th’ <i>moment</i> ‘ee says. You fink yer so cunnin’, you could out-cunnin da cunningest!? I knew where you were goin’! Figured I’d need to push up a <i>lot</i> o’ boyz ta getcha all now!”<br/>
<br/>
All around them things rumbled, roars and warcries echoing out of not just some of the passageways but all of them. Whooping screams and animal grunts from squigs came screeching out into the air. Thumps of metal feet and the clang of axes and swords against the walls undercut it all. But more than anything was the classic scream of their kind regardless of time and place.<br/>
<br/>
“WAAAAAAAAGGH!!”<br/>
<br/>
Hestior looked at Calus and Daedal who were by now shouting at one another. Then at the rest of the marines present. Technically, there was no truly senior techmarine present. All three had not, by the best reckoning of the Master of the Forge, achieved enough to be deserving of the title of Senior Techmarine. But perhaps, after this, that might change. As one, the grouping shifted, forcing the entire combined battlegroups of Blood Ravens to follow in order to protect them. A part of the wall, or rather one section of the walls with several missing portions of its surface, was the target. Wildly sparking wires, shattered and otherwise damaged speakers, and the corpses of five mega-nobs.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Completely Mobilized Response<br/>
25</b><br/>
<br/>
Before there was a tide, push and pull, as more orks came and the survivors of each push retreated to gather more of themselves. But this was an ocean. From gretchin the size of a space marine’s boot to towering mega-nobs, the walls crunched and shattered as more dreadnought-sized squigs came bursting through. Killa kans with cackling pilots burst wholly new entrances with their drill-bit arms, while a gaggle of rocket-bearing orks blew open another wall so that their brethren could come screaming in. Twelve distinct Big Meks with their own customized weaponry led their cybork creations in extreme number behind them. Wild-eyed painboys arrived as well, their abominations of flesh and insane creations bouncing and slavering behind them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Withstanding The Green<br/>
10 vs. 10</b><br/>
<br/>
“Hestior!” Gabriel called even as he was swarmed.<br/>
<br/>
“Almost there!”<br/>
<br/>
Calus reached back and plunged a hand into the corpse of one of the mega-nobs they’d dragged with them, widening the opening with his other so that Daedal could reach in with his servo-arm’s finest manipulators.<br/>
<br/>
“There it is! You were right Hestior!”<br/>
<br/>
“I know I was! Now plug it in!”<br/>
<br/>
Apollo snarled as he slammed his power mace into the leg of a killa kan, twisting the grip back so that it rose up and cracked open its center to reveal the squealing grot pilot within. But before he could get to the suddenly fearful creature, he was slammed by a blast of green lightning and the smell of stinking ozone and suddenly departed the materium as a Big Mek struck him with some arcane creation or another. He reappeared twenty seconds before he left, grappling with a half-formed creature of the warp twenty feet in the air before being caught by a group of orks with rockets strapped to their back and driven into another mass of greenskins. None would realize this until after the advanced command systems of the Chapter Master’s armor briefly registered two Apollo Diomedes in the same battlefield at the same time - for a brief instant at least before the laws of reality reasserted themselves to close the loop.<br/>
<br/>
“Zoggit! Why won’t da warpy-porta work propa!”<br/>
<br/>
“Hestior!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pulse Generation<br/>
46</b><br/>
<br/>
“Almost!”<br/>
<br/>
“ALMOST NUFFIN! GET IN DERE BOYZ AND KILL ‘EM ALREADY! SEND IN DA KILLIEST BOYZ!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Withstanding<br/>
41 vs. 28</b><br/>
<br/>
A marine, newly promoted from scout, not granted placement into a company, grit his teeth as he took the chain-axe. The guffawing nob which was halfway through disemboweling was silenced, rather suddenly, as he grasped the haft of the axe and shoved his bolter into the nob’s mouth. After emptying it, he was nearly silent as he removed it, forcing himself to stand properly and keep firing after a quick reload. Nearby, another brother flew backwards as a rocket exploded at point blank range, denting a wall as he slammed into it. Though the entire front of his armor was torn open and shredded, he stood immediately back up and continued firing. In the distance, Apollo came snarling out of a pile of squigs and threw <i>Rogal’s Fist</i> into the head of the mek that had forcibly teleported him before bull rushing through more bodies to retrieve it.<br/>
<br/>
“HESTIOR!” Gabriel boomed as he tore out a mega-nob’s legs out from beneath him with his hammer and then brought it down onto their chest.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pulse Generation<br/>
81</b><br/>
<br/>
“Do it, do it now!” The techmarine yelled, activating the cobble together device even as he said so.<br/>
<br/>
Multiple linked cybernetic implants buzzed with newly introduced power pulled from loose cables in the walls, the bodies of the mega-nobs twitching with the motions even as the flesh remained dead. Those wires still connected to the walls and speakers thrummed with power, excess electricity crackling and popping around them as they fed back in on themselves. The communicators screeched, and a synchronized pulse of rumbling feedback began to bounce from speaker to speaker. Techmarine Daedal and Calus collapsed as their armor systems – connected as they were to the device –  shorted out temporarily, their bodies flailing in disturbingly congruent manner to the corpses of the mega-nobs. The effect was immediate, however. With each screech from the speakers, over a dozen orks stumbled mid-step, or even mid-swing of their weapons. Fingers squeezed off of triggers, voices faltered. They staggered not as one but as a falling avalanche.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Unified Brotherhood vs. Disrupted Horde<br/>
69 vs. 35</b><br/>
<br/>
“Forwards, Blood Ravens!” Gabriel shouldered aside an ork as he pushed onwards.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Unknown Primarch!” Hannibal boomed.<br/>
<br/>
“Die in the Emperor’s Name!” Apollo called out.<br/>
<br/>
“Someone help me up,” Calus hissed. “My armor’s locked up!”<br/>
<br/>
“If you’d shunted it like I did,” Daedal shrugged as he helped his brother up, “You wouldn’t have-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Shut up!”<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=====================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
<b>Holding And Receiving<br/>
97 vs. 69<br/>
74 vs. 88</b><br/>
<br/>
Cyrus, of course, had heard the order. But he had not followed through, not yet, when he’d heard of the techmarine’s plan. The scouts could not be afforded, nor could the neophytes, for recklessness unless absolutely necessary. So they had held position. The orks had seemed busy elsewhere anyhow, turning about to stream, presumably, in the direction of the Chapter Master. The loudest and most vicious targets. Who had, he also needed to presume, been purposefully antagonizing the foe. As had been planned. But considering the fact that those under his watchful had performed as they had, he felt…satisfied, if he was being honest.<br/>
<br/>
Pride, though he would never admit it.<br/>
<br/>
A rippling cascade of planted explosives, mines, detonator packs, and more, planted in the middle of the battle. Something that he would have, he knew, only ever trusted himself to manage. Or perhaps his best scouts. But, led by the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company marines, masquerading as mere scout sergeants, a great many squads had performed well. Very well. Some might even be up for actual promotion after this fight. Might. Maybe. Probably not. In any case, he was still waiting. Patience was difficult for some to maintain amidst a fight, but not for him. He had plenty of sluggish targets on one hand, and his rifle with the other.<br/>
<br/>
Though the new arrival was making things interesting as well. Or, at least, impending arrival. He had said nothing to his scouts, desiring to see their reactions honestly, but that did not mean he couldn’t listen through the command vox channels.<br/>
<br/>
“Push forward, brothers!”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus Crixus was an…interesting choice for Captain of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. In terms of veterans, it should not have been him. Either Cyrus, or Tarkus, perhaps. But no, they had been destined for other things, and despite everything, the young Captain had acquitted himself well. The fact that the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company still existed at all was evidence enough of that. He’d earned his place. By sheer dint of surviving what he had if nothing else. His voice, thread and hoarse, was amplified rather purposefully by his helm, was the only sign that could be detected for his scars. Phosphex was a fearsome thing indeed. And now, pouring blood from his chest and legs, he threw aside a painboy to be caught by some of his other marines as he finally intruded upon the bay.<br/>
<br/>
The reactions from his scouts was about as expected. Some cheered wildly and rose up from behind cover. Foolish, and he made a note to reprimand them later. Others stuttered out their firing accuracy, distracted by the new arrival and failing to make proper accommodations to fire upon those greenskins turning about to fire upon the newcomers. Some, however, he noted, did as was best. They modified their target choices, shifted position to ensure maximum effectiveness, or otherwise turned to aid their fellows who had already been injured or otherwise. A scant minority focused their attentions on those who had failed this impromptu test, showing remarkable initiative and possible command leanings. Another note, to speak to those he noticed.<br/>
<br/>
“Bring those injured along, I will not leave our brothers behind,” Marcus rasped, hefting a battle brother to their feet. “If they must be kept from combat, we will do so in an area that they can properly defend.”<br/>
<br/>
The orks flushed from the bay, retreating as the new arrivals and those already present cut apart the current attacking force from two directions. But they would be back. They would always be back.<br/>
<br/>
For a moment, Cyrus paused, and considered Thaddeus’ words from the Aurelian Crusades.<br/>
<br/>
And then dismissed them. Such earnest hope had been burnt out of him two centuries ago.<br/>
<br/>
For now, as ever, there was only war.<br/>
<br/>
“Rally and regroup, initiates,” Cyrus broadcast. “Ready yourselves to break from the bay and head inwards. Our mission is to find and eliminate Doom-Eater himself.”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus pulled his blade from the guts of another ork and nodded to him. Of the scarred ruin within there was no sign, his helm still kept securely in place. Cyrus wasn’t sure if it was vanity, that he kept himself covered at nearly all times, but he wouldn’t speak against it here and now. Even if he was of the opinion that space marines should be capable of examining the sight of the price the galaxy demanded of the Emperor’s space marines.<br/>
<br/>
“Cyrus,” the Captain nodded to his elder, “Good to see you and the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company is well.”<br/>
<br/>
“As well as they can be,” Cyrus shrugged, making sure to keep an eye out on the entrances to the bay. “We have taken casualties, and there will be dead to be reclaimed later on.”<br/>
<br/>
There was not much else to say to each other, Cyrus too taciturn and Marcus too quiet, but there was not much that needed to be said either. For there came a rumbling and thumping, a staccato of primitive weaponry firing, all the while the cry of the orks began to echo once again from the tunnels and walls. Orders needed to be given, brothers granted as much aid as the apothecaries could manage. The techmarines, of course, were busy with something else, communicating solely with their brothers across the superstructure in other battlegroups. Even now, they’d begun attaching stolen cables into the walls, even ripping of the speakers off its mooring and jamming their hands into it. A small cloud of servo-skulls surrounded them as they worked.<br/>
<br/>
“Stoopid beakies! Don’t you lot <i>know</i> when yer out-kunnined? Getting togever like dat just makes it easier ta dakka ya! Bigger targets mean a better foight! Now get in dere boyz, and dakka dem! And leave the shiny gubbins for da meks, we’ze gonna needz ‘em ta fix up me hallways n’such!”<br/>
<br/>
Heavy clomping feet announced the arrival of Tomb-Brother Cassius, his hull somewhat pitted and scarred after a series of explosions from an entire herd of sort of acid-blooded squig. Though many had died before getting close enough to be properly dangerous, the sheer numbers had proven to be their greatest advantage. Not enough to slay the entombed revenant, but the damage was still annoying for Cassius to deal with.<br/>
<br/>
“I have been alive for three and a half centuries, and never have I heard such an annoying ork,” he posited before pivoting to pick up and throw a piece of rusted metal to bisect the first of the ork’s pouring out of the tunnels.<br/>
<br/>
“Annoying?! You stupid fat killa-kan stompy little grot! I’ll show you annoying! I’ll-,”<br/>
<br/>
Blessedly, and with the thanks to the Omnissiah going up from all of the techmarines, there was a sudden sparking and blinding electrical eruptions from the walls. Speakers, clearly put in place obsessively to enforce the orders of Doom-Eater, began to explode after releasing massive sonic booms that rattled them in their frames. Just as was occurring elsewhere, with only a few seconds of difference, the disruption pulse sent orks to their feet. Cybernetic implants that burned with pain and allowed the roars of Doom-Eater passage not just through metal but meat suddenly sparked where they were lodged in thick skulls and painfully adjusted vertebrae.<br/>
<br/>
And, best of all, the short-circuiting had resulted in the complete destruction of the sound system.<br/>
<br/>
There was nothing to be heard from Doom-Eater.<br/>
<br/>
“My ears once burned with phosphex, down to the bone,” Marcus commented as the combined battlegroups began to shift into one and head towards the hallways. “Yet his voice continues to grate at them as if they were never gone. I shall thank him for that when I find him.”<br/>
<br/>
“If I do not find him first,” Cyrus glanced at him.<br/>
<br/>
“Best of luck,” Marcus nodded as they all began to move.<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t believe in luck.”<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=================================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Starborne Warfare<br/>
43 vs. 17/54 vs. 70/89 vs. 60/39 vs. 35/12 vs. 3/90 vs. 76/65 vs. 25/27 vs. 54/47 vs. 30</b><br/>
<br/>
Shattered wrecks slowly tumbled through the void. Howling voices that once guffawed and jeered with every motion and rattling boom of their cannons were silent. The <i>Potentia</i>, mightiest of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet, and one of the remaining battle barges of the Blood Ravens, hung surrounded by the corpses of a great many vessels. It bled, heavily, but its burning still blazed defiantly within its adamantium skin. Carefully, achingly slow, the rest of the Chapter Fleet peeled back the self-made cocoon. Various experimental fuel mixtures still leaked into the void, the ships that once made use of them cracked and broken. With pushes of purposefully reduced yields in explosions, the tugging of thunderhawks with attached clamps, the battle-scarred hulk was once more exposed to distant starlight. <i>Potentia’s</i> bombardment cannon was bent, but such damage was not difficult to repair.<br/>
<br/>
Deep within, its master stalked through blackened corridors scored by slug throwers and the exotic weaponry only orks could craft in their maddened minds. A dozen wounds that would be considered severe even for space marine physiology struggled to clot together. A mixture of melted slag and vaporized bone was all that remained of his left arm past the shoulder, a mek’s strange melta cannon misfiring as it died striking the blow. All around them, the corpses of dead servitors and serfs lay amongst the bodies of the orks who had come to kill them all. Despite the entreaties of Nero Gracchus, Hadrian Priscus refused to be remanded to the apothecarium as had many of his company. Some would require healing for some time, others perhaps some bionic replacement, while three would require dreadnought placement. Many tarantula sentry turrets had been damaged, but their ability to hold entire corridors had proved invaluable. Even now they were undergoing repairs.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain, <i>please</i>, your primary heart is in its <i>third</i> set of cardiac arrest, and your Larraman’s is struggling to pick up the slack of the rest of your wounds,” the apothecary pleaded, his white armor liberally splattered with those who he had killed in the name of preserving his brothers.<br/>
<br/>
“Not…yet,” Hadrian snarled, stomping forward tirelessly even as multiple squads moved about on the ship, their movements reported through the company-wide vox.<br/>
<br/>
The Chief Apothecary sighed.<br/>
<br/>
“At least let me take the metal shard out of your skull?”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian paused, only for a moment, and turned slightly so that the foot-long spike of metal that had just barely penetrated through his skull – only to miss the brain by a centimeter – could be torn out of both his head and helmet.<br/>
<br/>
“There, are you happy now?” Hadrian sniffed, though his rolling eyes were hidden behind the lenses of his helm.<br/>
<br/>
“Well <i>no</i>, the fighting has been over for an hour now and you haven’t actually allowed me to get to the business of healing you, so…,” Nero trailed off as an ork rose from the piles of its dead.<br/>
<br/>
Roaring wordlessly, a reloaded kustom kannon whirring as it spun up in its hands, the nob managed to fire fifty full rounds before Hadrian reached it. Blood practically spat out of his back as the rounds went through his already compromised rib plates. In response, Hadrian reached forward with his remaining hand and wrapped it around the barrel of the kannon, gritting his teeth as he forced it upwards and against the ork’s skull. A trail of rounds continued to spit into the ceiling for the first strike, and the second, before beginning to slack for the third and fourth. It stopped entirely by the sixth. Hadrian, on the other hand, did not stop until the tenth. By then the nob, the last ork alive from the screaming fleet that had come charging in, gleeful to attend to Hadrian’s broadcasted challenge that they come for a real fight, was long dead. Brain and bone covered the wall, slowly scorching black as the cheery red heat from the barrel rested against the pulp.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did the Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Fleet turn around and face Nero as he pulled off his helmet and let it drop to the floor.<br/>
<br/>
“There. <i>Now</i> it’s done,” Hadrian nodded. “Tell our fellow vessels to continue freeing the <i>Potentia</i> of our victims, order Martellus and his techmarines to commit to repairs as best they can, and get these filthy xeno corpses off my ship.”<br/>
<br/>
He collapsed to his knees, leaving dents in the floor from the force of the motion.<br/>
<br/>
“Until I am revived,” he continued as blood began to dribble out of his mouth in multiple streams, “Command is to be granted over to Martellus, as all things considered he is probably best for keeping the ships in as best condition as possible. Second command to you, third to Trexus.”<br/>
<br/>
Finally, the enemy dead, their ships ruined in their hubris to come after a true challenge that he had offered, Hadrian fell forward onto his face and ceased to suppress the orders of his sus-an membrane. His body curled slightly as it fell into its coma as Nero stood over him, one hand still raised to ask another question that would go without answer. Then the Chief Apothecary looked around in the hallway, then back down to the Captain. Sighing again, he reached down and hefted the man up and began to drag him away.<br/>
<br/>
“Marines like you remind me of Aramus sometimes,” he muttered, “Oh, I’m fine Nero, let me just run at the Greater Daemon, and the Hive Tyrant, and the Warboss! What’s that? Mortal wounds? You can fix me up can’t you, Nero?”<br/>
<br/>
A twitch of his command vox and a few servo skulls came floating by.<br/>
<br/>
“Tell Brother Julian that when I get there, the Captain is to be his full responsibility. I will take over for everyone else.”<br/>
<br/>
They shot away as fast as they came.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh no! I decided to keep hitting Araghast the Pillager while Cyrus set his bombs at our feet! Gordian’s gone, so now it’s up to you Nero!”<br/>
<br/>
No one paid his muttering any mind as he went on his way. Thankfully for Captain Hadrian, he remained comatose for the entire journey.<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">============================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
<b>Penetrating The Doom-Eater’s Innards<br/>
92 vs. 7</b><br/>
<br/>
Long ago, at one point or another, the Blood Ravens had sought out a Primarch to be held up as their own amongst the gloried histories of all other chapters. This had happened multiple times. Once, when it appeared that some of their marines were afflicted with the Black Rage, the excitement that they might be of Sanguinius was exultant despite the issue that brought the possibility about. This was proven false, with bitter quiet anger on both sides when those mutated were ended. At another time, it was thought they could be of the Dark Angels, for some reason or another that none alive can recall. The stability and purity of their gene-seed was remarked upon for many a time. Another possibility was the Raven Guard, perhaps though this was a bit desperate in a search for connection by their shared heraldry. While all three were disproven or otherwise abandoned as theories, each time the Blood Ravens had marveled at the chance. Though it was gone now, it appeared, for just a time, that the Raven Guard might yet have some connection in some small way.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus would scoff at this, and say it was merely good scout work.<br/>
<br/>
It was his scouts that found many a tunnel that led deeper in, found passageways that led to secondary reactors and supply depots. It was his scouts that, with the enemy so eagerly distracted with the louder thumping of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, found weapons and vehicles aplenty. Staging areas were set with explosives to detonate as the orks marshaled themselves, flanking maneuvers while Captain Marcus drove the terminators further in. Occasionally, as the orks readied themselves for a charge against the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company lines, they would be assaulted by shotguns and tossed grenades from behind. Hallways used to try and assault Marcus’ formations from the side found themselves collapsing.<br/>
<br/>
They slipped as if living shadows deeper and deeper in the massive station, watching as the disheartened and disorganized orks began to butt up against one another.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Boss Against Boss Against Boss Against Boss Against Boss<br/>
33 vs. 57 vs. 93 vs. 74 vs. 69 vs. 85</b><br/>
<br/>
Rather violently, as it turned out.<br/>
<br/>
For so long, the booming voice of Doom-Eater had come from every direction, including within. Overpowering, to the point that many a rather large ork – if they were those originally within the galactic plane – who would long ago have begun desiring leadership under <i>their</i> green hands were only just beginning to awaken to the baser brutal greed of their kind. With Doom-Eater abruptly unable to order them in everywhere, bellowing in their ears until they bled, without pause, the scouts discovered small but growing sites of battle between orks challenging each other for operational authority. Their hoots and grunts were easy enough to translate, given their Captain’s training, and so the scouts reported back that multiple leaders were already starting to emerge.<br/>
<br/>
A massive mega-nob, practically the size of a dreadnought, fired with twelve different grafted weapons on its body across a staging chamber into the chamber of an insane painboy’s twisted menagerie that came slavering out in mutated streams.<br/>
<br/>
Two nobs who could grapple with a fully armored terminator marine in terms of size instead wrestled each other. Their mobs, numbering dozens and dozens of orks behind them, tore into each other with everything in reach.<br/>
<br/>
Stompa’s came bursting out of the walls at one point, tearing into each other as the ork pilot’s within the giant machines battered each other over some grudge or another long suppressed.<br/>
<br/>
On and on it went, all the while the Blood Ravens skulked deeper. Or at least, the scouts did. The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company found itself relegated as an attention grabber, forcing the orks closer and closer in against themselves. There was something to be said about so many terminator-clad marines providing such convenient targets. When the orks could manage dominance over one another, or were simply currently without a nearby challenger, they were a foe ready to fight. On more than one occasion, Captain Marcus slew two leaders at once as the Blood Ravens entered as a third member into ongoing two way fights.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Tracking The System Paths<br/>
5</b><br/>
<br/>
The only problem, as it turned out, was that ork technology was incomprehensible. Completely so. Cable junctions led into the walls and then emerged unknowable locations elsewhere. Power stations ran dangerously hot but the actual direction of the energies sent were unknowable. Sometimes it looked like the orks had actually plugged generators into themselves for some reason, which to the consternation of the techmarines was somehow producing even more energy. Shunts and breakers were stuck into the walls at random intervals with the insane sensibilities of the ork meks. They pored over workshops and broken machinery, as well as the strange cybernetic implants of so many of the orks, but found little success.<br/>
<br/>
The disruption pulse had fed in upon itself, turning the redlining generators and electrical systems in on one another. Larger systems, independent with their own generator systems, were somewhat unaffected. The guns on the outside of the station, for instance, perhaps its engines and certain shield production points. But without the system actually still running, there was no clear path to follow whatsoever. The benefits were obvious, they knew, but even so they were still struggling to find their way. All that was left was ‘deeper’, towards the core of the mixture of metal and stone. Where they found, of course, more and more orks. Some scouts posited that they simply needed to keep trying to find the largest concentrations. But the fighting was getting worse. As the hours stretched on, the biggest and strongest orks were beginning to properly assert themselves for the first time in years. Unrestrained chaos became, rather counter-intuitively, organized in so much as solidified groups were beginning to form.<br/>
<br/>
“This isn’t working!” One scout cried out as he frantically pumped his shotgun again, firing the last round it possessed. “I’m running out of ammo but they keep coming!”<br/>
<br/>
“Triggering detonation packs!”<br/>
<br/>
“Minefield is depleted to ten percent, that hallway is a charnel house but they’re not stopping.”<br/>
<br/>
“Ork leader self-identifying as ‘Megaboss Krakskull’ has completed asserting his authority, his slugga and shoota boyz are starting to cut us off from proper reinforcement routes.”<br/>
<br/>
“Neophyte Grant has lost the ability to use his legs, he will require an apothecary to put his bones back together. We are retreating currently.”<br/>
<br/>
“I’m out of sniper rounds, he’s got solid plates of looted adamantium protecting his skull! We’re pulling back to sector eighteen.”<br/>
<br/>
Tendrils of scouts were repulsed, twisted in upon themselves, and finally began to reverse themselves out of their own accord. The unyielding fist of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company found its progress slowed, though not entirely halted just yet. Elsewhere, upon a field of corpses, the other joined battlegroups stood unbroken. Some marines were injured, surely, but none more dead. Some would require rather significant healing, but for now their hearts thumped with still pulsing righteous fury. Cyrus, for his part, grit his teeth after setting off another series of explosives to collapse a ceiling onto another horde. He knew he was starting to run out of those supplied by the chapter. Improvised explosives were not something he was unfamiliar with, and it was not as if the orks did not have plenty of such things on their own.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Identifying Other Targets Properly<br/>
67</b><br/>
<br/>
The only way to push something as massive as the Doom-Eater through space was fuel and reactors in tremendous quantities. If they could not find Doom-Eater himself, perhaps they did not need to if they could simply destroy the entire superstructure. Main reactors which jumped and bounced in their housings. Fuel depots ready to be injected for that extra bit of speed. Giant cylinders that leaked where copious amounts of invented fuel mixtures sloshed. Internal factories where new weapons were manufactured. Control stations where gretchin and grots ran about to load ammo into the weapons that could damage and destroy even a battle barge. Big mek’s whose entire life’s work had been producing zzap kannons that could blast apart escort ships, each centered in their own little bubbles of influence and creation. Of course, there was also the idea of simply to keep pushing. To keep searching. The ork was possibly at the very, very center of the entire place. The only issue was actually getting there. The further into enemy territory, the more chance of risk without reinforcement. Of being surrounded and cut off. A dangerous proposition either way, for it was unknown what personal defenses and abilities the warboss might possess. Especially considering the size of the horde he was leading. On the other hand, if they could strip the stations' defenses enough, they might just be able to kill off the entire thing rather than continuing to risk themselves trying to find it's heart. Something to contemplate as he continued to isolate and kill as many orks as he possibly could.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Collected Results Of Phase3</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Blood Ravens Fleet Has Defeated Ork Fleet Entirely! Currently Undergoing Repairs, Likely To Be Able To Return To Doom-Eater Proper Soon!<br/>
Construkta Yard Gamma Assault Abandoned! <br/>
Bay Assaults Abandoned!<br/>
4 Ork Leader Have Established Themselves!<br/>
Primaris And Tertium Free To Pursue New Objective!</b><br/>
- Warboss Tactical Possibilities: Exterminatus Weaponry/Deep Strike Teleporters/Strike Force Penetration Through Mundane Means<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Orks show high amount of 'advanced' weaponry and armors, and significant coordination through Doom-Eater communications.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: With communications disrupted, ork leaders are establishing themselves and beginning to quarrel with each other. Without Doom-Eater’s ability to continually enforce authority, chaos currently reigns within the depths. No sightings have been made of Doom-Eater ‘loyalists’, only the new ork factions who seem happy to fight each other as much as the Blood Ravens.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Multiple new targets identified and located for sabotage and assault movements.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Ork Warboss location seems indeterminable at this time. The Disruption Pulse ruined the systems that might otherwise have tracked his location. Even so, scouting teams have pushed deep into the Doom-Eater. There is only so much left of the station left to explore and scout before he must be found.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Casualty numbers are rising. Space Marines can withstand much, but require rest and healing if hurt enough. Injured marines are more susceptible to further injury, possibly death. Effective strength of remaining battlegroups is beginning to fall. Objectives must be chosen carefully. Strength in numbers will be of use, considering the numbers of orks being brought fully to bear as Doom-Eater's populace of greenskins is now fully roused.<br/>
<br/>
Major Operational Consideration: Two obvious paths present themselves. There may be others. The first obvious path is to continue pushing for Warboss Doom-Eater. The later is destroying The Doom-Eater. The former may involve further casualties after trying to extract after the killing. The latter may involve further casualties in attempting to complete the objectives required.<br/>
<br/>
Current Possible Tactical Targets Of Station:<br/>
- Engine Sectors Alpha/Beta/Gamma [Increased Accuracy And Knowledge Provided For Sabotage Attempts]<br/>
- Anti-Orbital Defenses <a class="link link--external" href="http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/Ork_Fleet_Weapons" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Include</a>: Looted Imperial Broadside Cannons/Scattered Orkish Lance Turrets/Ork 'Heavy Gunz'/Ork 'Gunz'/Ork Torpedo Bays [Increased Accuracy And Knowledge Provided For Sabotage Attempts]<br/>
- Energy Shield Projector Points Located, Destruction Would Allow Bombardment If Anti-Orbital Weaponry Removed. [Increased Accuracy And Knowledge Provided For Sabotage Attempts]<br/>
- Reactor Hearts Alpha/Beta/Gamma/Delta Located! Main Power Providers For Entire Doom-Eater's Weapons And Defenses! [Increased Accuracy And Knowledge Provided For Sabotage Attempts]<br/>
- Construkta Yard Gamma<br/>
- New Feuding Ork Leaders: Megaboss Krakskull/Supa Dok Purgu/Mekaboss Brekabrak/Ghraganap<br/>
- Depths Of Doom-Eater [Precise Location Of Warboss Unknown]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Primaris</b><br/>
Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard [Captain Doukas/Chaplain Volkoss/Apothecary Falkor]<br/>
15 1st Company marines<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company<br/>
1 Apothecary<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
Techmarine Quarius Zergan and 3 other Techmarines, 3 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured But Functional</u><br/>
Honor Guard Chaplain Uther Volkoss<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas<br/>
7 1st Company Marines<br/>
2 Techmarines<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Secundus</b><br/>
Captain: Marcus Crixus TH<br/>
Company Champion: Uriel Hamul TH<br/>
Epistolary: VACANT<br/>
Apothecary: Constantius Romallius TH [24 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain: Ares Actus TH<br/>
10 1st Company<br/>
31 Unassigned marines from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span><br/>
2 1st Company Dreadnoughts<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company<br/>
2 Apothecaries<br/>
Chaplain Ravias/Chaplain<br/>
Techmarine Hestior/2 other Techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer)<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brothers Cassius<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured But Functional</u><br/>
17 10th Company Marines [Unassigned]<br/>
10 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marines<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
Chaplain Ravias<br/>
Uriel Hamul<br/>
Marcus Crixus<br/>
Ares Actus<br/>
1 Techmarine<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities:</u><br/>
1 Techmarine<br/>
14 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines [Unassigned]<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brother Brutus<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Tertium</b><br/>
Hannibal Palrun<br/>
24 1st Company Marines<br/>
40 unassigned marines from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span><br/>
2 1st Company Dreadnoughts<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company<br/>
2 Apothecaries [4 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain Antonius/2 Chaplains<br/>
Techmarine Calus/Techmarine Daedal/2 Techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer)<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brothers Adrandus/Anchises<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured, But Functional</u><br/>
24 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines [Unassigned]<br/>
2 Techmarines [Non-Notable]<br/>
3 1st Company Marines<br/>
3 Scouts of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
1 Techmarine<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities</u>:<br/>
N/A<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Quartus</b><br/>
Captain: Cyrus Octavius<br/>
Epistolary: Trajan Maphar<br/>
Apothecary: Marius Astophiles [10 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain: Augustine<br/>
1 Apothecary<br/>
6 Scout Sergeants<br/>
Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]: 0<br/>
Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]: 60<br/>
Neophytes [2nd Stage]: 125<br/>
(Specialist Neophytes [2nd Stage]: 0 Apothecary/2 Chaplain/9 Techmarine)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured But Functional</u><br/>
20 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]<br/>
38 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant<br/>
3 Techmarine Neophytes<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities</u><br/>
21 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]<br/>
5 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlefleet Blood Raven</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Gladius Frigate Destroyed [4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Minor Damage Across All 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Escort Ships</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Burning Seeker</i> Has Taken Notable Damage (Starboard/Port/Rear Weapon Arrays/Engines) [4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Spiraling Fury</i> Has Taken Minor Internal Damage [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 <i>Faith’s Horizon </i>Gunship Thunderhawk Destroyed [10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2 <i>Howling Hatred </i>Gunship Thunderhawks Destroyed [10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 <i>Omnis Arcanum </i>Gunship Thunderhawks Destroyed [1st Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Minor Damage Across Remaining 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Escorts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Minor Damage Across 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Escorts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Nova Frigate Destroyed [10th Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Gladius Frigate Destroyed [1st Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Legacy of Polonius</i> Lance Array Destroyed, Will Require Repairs.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Scientia Est Potentia</i> Has Taken Significant Damage To Hull/All Weapons Arrays/Command Deck. Multiple points in hull penetrated by boarding torpedoes and drills. Currently undergoing patching and sealing. [4th Company]</li>
</ul> <br/>
Captain: Hadrian Priscus [<b>UNAVAILABLE DUE TO INJURIES]</b><br/>
Company Champion: Trexus Nubius [Bears Power Axe/Power Fist Dual Combination] TH<br/>
Epistolary: Nero Achillian [Bears Psychic Hood/Raven's Aegis Talisman] [Farseer/Daemonologist]<br/>
Apothecary: Caesar<br/>
Chaplain: Ateren [Powerful Bionic Arm/Leg]<br/>
<br/>
Company Strength: 77% Strength (53% Effective)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Additional Members</u><br/>
Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus/Apothecary<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
Master of the Forge Martellus Ravias/3 Techmarines/<br/>
<br/>
<u>Veteran Sergeants</u>:<br/>
- 5 1st Company Veterans TH<br/>
- 5 4th Company Veterans<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured And Functional</u><br/>
30 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Space Marines<br/>
All Tarantula Sentry Turrets<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured And Non-Functional</u><br/>
20 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Space Marines<br/>
Captain Hadrian Priscus [Left Arm Requires Bionic Replacement]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Dreadnought Notation</u><br/>
3 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Space Marines Interred In Dreadnought Frames [3 Dreadnought Frames Used, 1 Remaining In Armory]<br/>
- Brother Relian<br/>
- Brother Aeneas<br/>
<b>- Brother Polites [Newly Revived]<br/>
- Brother Turnus [Newly Revived]<br/>
- Brother Mezentius [Newly Revived]</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><b>Phase 4 Orders:</b><br/>
[] Battlegroup Orders<br/>
-[] Primaris: Pursue New Objective (Write-In)<br/>
-[] Secundus: Continue Current Tactical Objective [Scouting For Warboss] Or Pursue New Objective (Write-In)<br/>
-[] Tertium: Pursue New Objective (Write-In)<br/>
-[] Quartus: Continue Current Tactical Objective [Scouting For Warboss] Or Pursue New Objective (Write-In)​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>