<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 20 Results - 2479.5</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 20 Results - 2479.5</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Plan Citadel Focus
-[*][Max] Current Task: Have Maximilian teach the We written Reikspiel.
-[*][Johann] Allow him to spend all his time investigating Clan Mors.
-[*][EIC] Instil corporate policy: always be scrupulously honest when dealing with Dwarves.
-[*][Social] Wolf is now fully grown, and is a very large dog or a regular-sized wolf. Train him. (increases his intelligence, may deepen Familiar bond)
-[*][Penthouse] Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
-[*][Free] Request the translation item yourself (does not cost an action; converts 3 College Favour to Dwarf Favour).
-[*] Help the We establish their new nest below the Citadel.
-[*] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: Gunnar, assist him with human burial rites.
-[*] You have acquired the possession of the Temple where Ranald mugged Mork. Set up a shrine and spread knowledge of it throughout Karag Nar.
-[*] Write in: You've mapped the territory of Clan Mors. Help Johann with his investigations there, with an eye to covertly disrupting the Skaven ability to deal with the spiders while you're there.
-[*] The Gambler: Clan Mors investigation/sabotage



To say that you draw a few stares as you lead a procession of enormous spiders across the Eastern Valley is an understatement. Despite the entire Karak being forewarned to avoid any messy misunderstandings, the only people who didn't stop to gawk were the ones calling for other people to get here quick so they could join in the gawking. The We seemed equally uncomfortable, both from the amount of stares they get and from being exposed, and you reflect that this may be the first time any of their species has walked under the open sky. You also get your first glimpse of the three Egg-Layers, which resemble an Arachnarok spider in size but completely lack fangs, and the innumerable dog-sized Web-Weavers clinging to the Egg-Layers like a coat of armour. The Hunters flank the skittering procession, though that they're facing forward instead of outwards is a gesture of trust.

Through the gates of the Citadel and down a stairway went the We, disappearing into the depths of the tunnels beneath. The Dwarven fortifications had been quickly dismantled and remade under your supervision deeper underground, guided by your earlier scouting of Clan Mors' territory. Now what was once the King's Hall had been reclaimed, though Belegar had declared that the Hall of the Moon served in that role in the resurgent Karak, and some new purpose would be found for the old Hall. Just below that, accessible only through a newly-fortified junction that would protect and also carefully watch the Hold's newest allies, was the Hall of Pillared Iron. The room had only a single entrance and the pillars that named it would serve well as anchor points for the Web-Weavers. The junction wall stood ten feet tall and would become taller still in the following weeks, but the Hunters could come and go along the roof. You doubted any of the We would go up rather than down after the Dwarves had proven so uncooperative to attempts to make a meal out of them, but a second guard on the stairs down made it impossible for them to do so unnoticed and therefore put the minds of the Dwarves at rest.

The item you had commissioned of the Amber College arrived quickly, and freed up Esbern and Seija to continue on their journeys. They say they'll linger in Ulrikadrin for a time and turn their extensive notes into a proper paper, and as you skim their drafts you're pleased to see yourself listed as a contributor. The paper focuses almost entirely on the social and biological cooperation of the We, which reaches a level of cooperation that matches that of hive insects and has never previously been found in arachnids. It would have been a coup if you had beaten them to the punch, but you still get some of the credit and there's still plenty of room for new papers that go deeper into the psychology and anatomy of the We. So it now turns to Maximilian to take the lead in building a relationship with the We, or at least whichever portion of the We is wearing the ivory circlet like a bracelet on its pedipalps at the time.

[Maximilian teaching the We: Learning, 62+16+10(Patient)+7(Library: The Empire of Man)=95.]
[The We learning on their own: 80.]

It's slow going, but Maximilian sticks to it and as weeks pass the We grow to understand what he's saying and develop an understanding of writing. On top of that they begin to understand the concept and then the language of spoken speech, and begin to develop a basic understanding of spoken Reikspiel, not just from Maximilian but by conversations amongst themselves using the circlet. They're still completely incapable of speaking without magical assistance, their mouthparts being completely unsuited to the task, but with an adequate supply of chalk and a convenient wall to write on, they're able to make themselves understood when they feel the need. The Dwarves ensure someone fluent in the language is on the nearby fortifications at all times, and slowly begin to grow accustomed to their comings and goings, possibly helped by how often they return with a paralyzed and bound Skaven hanging from their pedipalps.

[Preliminary Observations on the Eusocial Cave Spider, By J. Esber (Amber) & J. Seija (Amber), M. Mathilde Weber (Grey). Subject: Rare, +1. Insight: Shattering, +3. Delivery: Competent, +0. Contributor, -3. Thorough, +1. Exotic, +1. Final Rating: +3]

---

Your skimming through the books you've acquired on Morr and the beliefs of his faithful gives you enough of a theoretical framework to justify the insights into burial practices you've picked up from the Liber Mortis. Before the Skaven arrived and Frederick picked up Necromancy to combat them, Frederick was as deeply involved with the Cult of Morr as one could be without surrendering his rank of Baron. When the Plague swept through Sylvania and left more dead than living, he was ordained despite his title and given access to the full secrets of the God of Death, including how one could deal with more dead than could practically be put to rest individually. With his knowledge, you can piece together the fragments and hints you find in a dozen other books to come up with a plausible explanation of how you inferred the ritual of the ossuary.

Though carefully guarded by Gunnars and his acolytes, the human fallen have had no protection against the march of time, and now carefully labelled skeletal remains lie in neat rows, waiting to be put to rest. And though they weren't nearly as common as those dedicated to the more warlike Gods like Ulric, Sigmar, Myrmidia or Taal, among them were those dedicated to Morr. You meet with Francesco Caravello, and as well as congratulating him on his newfound leadership and passing him your now-redundant Torc of Fire as a sort of symbol of office, you also ask him to go amongst the Undumgi and find out who among the fallen were sufficiently devoted to the Death God for your purpose. A few days later you have your list, and make your way to Gunnars.

Gunnars listens intently as you outline the general concept. Those suitably devoted to Morr are posthumously given the title of Lay-Priest, which can not only be done as an emergency measure, but is also explicitly allowed in the absence of Priests of Morr by followers of Morai-Heg, Gazul, Quinsberry, the Lady, and the Ancient Widow. They are then entrusted with the souls of their fellows, and are then entombed with them in a mass ossuary, where each type of bone has its own compartment rather than each compartment holding a single corpse. While a proper burial would be safer for the souls of the lost, better they be banded together for protection than linger for months or years without being put to rest. Though they understand that human funereal traditions are different than Dwarven ones that consider the first three days after death to be the most important and dangerous ones for the spirit of the departed, they still seek to put the departed to their rest in as timely a manner as possible.

The pair of you work together to come up with a plan for reworking the excavated tombs into suitable ossuaries, with much careful review of the relevant parts of the Morrite tomes you bring to bear. Swift and efficient Dwarven stonework makes the plans a reality and Gunnars and his acolytes are able to set to work performing the morbid but necessary task of grouping the dead together so that each room contains at least one of the Lay-Priests. This method almost allowed Frederick Van Hal and the few surviving Priests of Morr to put all of the fallen to rest, and the history of Sylvania may have gone very differently if the Plague hadn't been accompanied by a rain of warpstone meteorites that attracted the attention of the Skaven.

With months or even years shaved off the task, Gunnars is able to call for a halt on expansion of the tomb complex and leave several unused rooms for further expansion. As Kragg is sequestered away on a separate task, Thorek takes a break from his raiding with King Kazador to apply and empower the necessary runes and the doors of the tomb seem to melt into the stonework.

---

While performing the work of Morr, you make sure not to neglect your relationship with your own God. You and Ranald might have a fairly unstructured relationship, but it's good manners to set up a shrine to your God whether it's strictly necessary or not, and besides that the Karag currently lacks one for those that aren't quite so close to Him as you are. Remembering the fate of the idol of Stromfels, you gather up the inert chunks of the Idol - obsidian, thankfully, as you've heard of idols made of dung - and consider their amount and size. The colour of the rock makes it obvious what the idol should be, but it's easier said than done and you're no artist.

Thankfully, being in a Karak means it's never going to be difficult to find an able stonemason, and you enlist the help of those with unexpected free time on their hands after the tomb's requirements had been reduced. They're not all that familiar with cats in general, but you show them an etching in one of your books on the subject of Ranald and they nod and get to work. Under your careful eye they first chisel and then sand the separate fragments, and only begin to put the entire thing together at the last minute, with drilled holes and carefully-applied molten iron to hold it all together. The grey of the iron-pinned faultlines is a pleasing effect on the black of the obsidian, and a protective lacquer goes over the top to prevent rusting. The stone cat stares smugly down at you from its perch, tail curled along its body, and you're rather pleased with the effect.

[Anything unexpected? Piety, 9+25=34.]

The rest of the job is a matter of gathering up the remaining religious paraphernalia of the Orcs and storing them away securely for use in later religious displays, and as you're packing up the last of it a soft sound has you turn your head and, inevitably, you see a cat just as black as the obsidian one perched atop the idol's head, chewing its happy way through what looks like a substantial slice of cured ham. You roll your eyes and continue your work, and as you approach the door with the last crate, it opens to reveal Oswald Oswaldson. "Magister!" he exclaims. "I was just looking for- have you seen a cat?" You indicate behind you with a jerk of your head. "No, I meant- oh, there she is. Get down from there!" With the shrine revealed to one of the foremost and definitely the chattiest of the Undumgi, you likely need do nothing more for news of it to spread. "This sort of thing is why you got demoted, Corporal Snuggles," Oswald scolds as you carry away the last of the former furnishings of the Shrine.

With that job taken care of, you follow Oswald's lead and spend some quality time with Wolf, who's through with growing and would match you in height if he put his paws on your shoulders. He's certainly clever, knows a great deal of commands, and shows a great deal of skill in finding people who might have excess food to share as he wanders freely through Karag Nar and the Eastern Valley, but as far as you can tell he doesn't yet show the advanced intelligence that a bonded Familiar is capable of. And though he certainly doesn't hesitate to bark at your command, he's yet to expand his vocabulary past that. Your books on the subject suggest this isn't unexpected, as the mental development of a Familiar need not correspond to its physical ageing, as plenty of animals who become Familiars do so as grown adults. So far, apart from the magical power you can see flowing between you and him and his habit of obeying orders you haven't actually given yet, he seems no different than an ordinary dog - though he does, of course, exceed them all in the realms of Being A Good Boy.

So you make a point to spend time with him between your other responsibilities, and every time a day's end, the need to consult part of your growing library, or the desire to check on the construction of your tower takes you back to Karag Nar, Wolf happens to be around the base of the mountain to join you on your climb back up to the penthouse. Then one day you were on your way to visit the local EIC delegations but changed your mind at the last minute, and you feel an odd sense of urgency as you start your solitary climb up the stairs, and next thing you know there's a skittering of claws on stone as Wolf bolts through the entrance to Karag Nar and to your side, taking the stairs three at a time until he reaches you. As you scratch him behind the ears, you run through your memories and sure enough, never before has he failed to be there waiting when you were heading home - until you didn't know that's where you were heading until the last minute.

Link of Psyche, the books called it. The ability to convey complex thoughts over any amount of distance, and the sharing of mental resources to improve problem-solving abilities. You must have been subconsciously broadcasting your return each time, and Wolf had picked up on it and joined you for the climb up to your home every day.

What a good boy.

[Link of Psyche acquired: +2 Stewardship, +2 Learning.]

---

With the EIC expanding into the Karaz Ankor, one very important thing needs to be communicated very clearly: Dwarves don't think like us. Dwarves have no truck in concepts like 'close enough' or 'acceptable levels of corruption' or 'it's just business' or 'proportional response'. The price of rocking the boat being higher than the cost of whatever institutional graft is taking place is no protection when one is dealing with Dwarves. Put your promises in writing and then stick to them. Because there's very little as bad for business as a Dwarf Clan that's been wronged, and it can be difficult to make a profit with an axe where your face used to be.

It turns out very easy indeed to gather the materials for the speech you'll be putting on twice, once here and once in Stirland. All you have to do is walk into any tavern in Karag Lhune - and there's more than a couple now that the Dwarf population has begun moving into the Chiselwards in earnest - and announce that you want to hear about times that unfaithful dealings by humans received its just deserts, and all you have to do is prepare your notebook as those present argue about who has the best stories and then jot down notes as the flood of anecdote begins.

The most infamous tale is, of course, the one where a Dwarf clan was shortchanged tuppence for the construction of some type of fortification, and after they quite politely pointed out the shortfall and were told in no uncertain terms that no monetary reconciliation would be forthcoming, the entire Clan went to war, battled the local army and won, and tore the fortress to the ground. You heard five different versions of it, few of which agree on details, and are not entirely convinced that it happened; but if it did, you don't have much sympathy to whoever it happened to. Contrary to what some might think, it's hard to get on the wrong side of a Grudge by accident. Even the most cantankerous and hair-trigger of Dwarves will make their problem clear before they skip straight to the violence, and if you believe that their case against you is unjustified the matter can be escalated to their Clan Elders, then to the Hold's Loremasters, then to the King of their Hold, and even to the High King if you believe it necessary. It's only when one wrongs a Dwarf and makes it clear they will make no redress whatsoever that the Dwarves go to war.

But though the tale might be an exaggeration, it very definitely gets the message across, as do the dozen other tales you gather from the taverns and the relevant laws and precedents pulled from your library. First to the local EIC representatives, who are still getting established here, and then to a full meeting of representatives from every branch of the EIC, you very thoroughly lay out not just what not to do, but also why not. You describe the Book of Grudges, and cite several examples - not from the Dammaz Kron, which describes only the most terrible of wrongs done to the Dwarven race, but from the local Books of Grudges maintained in each of the hold, which records every unsettled score. One in particular seems particularly relevant: an unsettled debt between Zhufbar and the Asoborn tribe, where tribesman made a delivery of a cartload of wild grains in exchange for three good axes, only for it to be later discovered that the grains were mouldy and cut with sawdust. After the destruction of Castle Drakenhof, several Grudges against the Vampires were struck out as settled, but so too were several accumulated Grudges against the rulers and population of Stirland - and then, when it was judged that the Grudges struck out were almost but not quite sufficient, they kept going back until they found a Grudge of just the right severity, and only then were the sins of the long-dead Asoborns forgiven.

Judging by the horrified stares you get, the message has been successfully communicated. What you didn't tell them was that the sins of those Asoborns would likely never be pursued, or at least not until the more important Grudges against greenskins, Skaven, Chaos Gods, Chaos Dwarves, Ogres and Elves were settled first. A little terror would be good for them.

[Instil Corporate Policy: Stewardship, Breakpoints 40/80: 64+18+4(Library: The Karaz Ankor)=86.]

While in Stirland, you also make a small detour to follow up on a request from King Belegar, but what you thought would be a simple job turns out very frustrating indeed. Finally, in a tavern in Nachthafen you get an answer. "Codrin Petrescu's sort of a Sylvanian joke," says the barkeep, who has been seeing a lot more business from Stirlandian soldiers than Sylvanian locals of late. "Though it's a matter of opinion how funny it is. If an outsider wants to know who did something or who's responsible for something and you want to give them the runaround, you tell them 'Codrin Petrescu' and point them to the next village along. The next village will hear the name and know to point them to the next village, and so on. If you know the old language, the name sort of means, erm... forgive my language ma'am, but 'in the forest, son of my privates'. Like, um, if a man answers a call of action against a tree?"

You're familiar with the general idea, having been sent looking for a left-handed grounding rod a time or two yourself. You hand over some silver in gratitude for the straight answer, and make your way back to Eight Peaks feeling very unamused indeed.

---

Johann is a tricky fellow, and if it weren't for the institutional backing of the Grey Order he might have been able to slip several significant secrets by you - first his intentions with the Skaven, and second his actual rank. With both of those cleared up, are there more layers of lies to peel through, or is the way clear for Johann to start proving himself? Part of you would rather write him off completely and have him firmly ejected from the Karak in favour of someone who doesn't play games, but considering the effort you've put into him already, you might as well see what he's capable of when he's finally given a free hand to engage in his preferred vocation.

He's taken to wearing gloves and long sleeves ever since he returned from Altdorf. "New fashion trend?" you ask as you make your way down the stairs of the Citadel.

"In certain circles," he replies evasively.

"Are you sure you want to go down there unarmed? I've seen you shoot, and a gun might come in handy."

"Gunpowder would give me away, and we don't all have Ulgu to keep our secrets." He pauses as you reach the fortification; with this many armed and armoured Dwarves around, Chamon is heavy in the air, and he calls it to himself with a series of gestures. The first is Aethyric Armour, then a second fills his skin with radiance for a second and then solidifies, and a third fills the air around him with tiny metal balls that reflect the torchlight. For your own part, a moment of concentration suffices to wrap the flickering shadows around you like a cloak, and you feel reinvigorated as Ulgu flows over and through you.

"You're sure you don't want help? Substance of Shadow, or even Shadowcloak-"

"You've got your tricks, I've got mine," Johann says as the door to the occupied Citadel closes behind you. "And yours would disrupt mine."

"Suit yourself."

The two of you continue in silence through the darkness, lit only by the tiny flicker of golden light Johann holds in his gloved hand. "If Substance of Shadow makes you incorporeal, do you still need to breathe?"

"Selectively incorporeal," you reply in a low voice. Whispers travel further than you'd think. "You quickly learn to retain your ability to interact with the air."

"Interesting," is the only reply, and you narrow your eyes at him in the darkness, wondering what he's getting at.

As you approach the Clan Mors guard post you previously noted, he falls obligingly silent and snuffs out his light. There's some sort of illumination peeking out from a side-passage, which just about allows normal eyes to see the silhouettes of the Skaven guard post. Your more robust Magesight sees not just them, but also terror and confusion running riot through each of them, and the noxious glow of warpstone in three long gun barrels and the terrible rotating mechanism known as a ratling gun. A few gestures has Substance of Shadow taking you into its familiar embrace, but Johann has declined your offer of the same safety. What plan did he have-

He's running.

He's running at the Skaven.

There's a cry of alarm and the fear and confusion intensifies as he jumps the barricade to land on top of the rat that just cried out, punching it senseless with his gloved knuckles. A second rat swings a sword and you're sure this is going to be the extremely stupid death of an extremely stupid wizard, but instead of the now-familiar sound of metal sinking into flesh there's a solid clang of metal on metal. Johann turns and punches that confused rat with an impact that echoes through the tunnels, and a third swings a halberd only for the silver balls orbiting around him to mass up to deflect the blow, then three break from formation to punch into and through the attacker like bullets. Some of the Skaven are already running when a Fangleader emerges from the side tunnel to investigate the commotion, and he levels a warplock pistol and pulls the trigger, and all he gets for his trouble is a click. Then Johann is on him, and with a clanging that echoes through the tunnels his fist batters at the iron chestplate until the Fangleader coughs blood and collapses.

"Right!" says Johann, sounding quite pleased with himself. He looks around the guard post, picks up, examines, and then discards a jezzail, and gathers the enormous bulk of the ratling gun in his arms. "Not a bad day's work, this," he says brightly to you. "Anything you wanted?"

[Looting spree: Intrigue, 40+19+20(Ranald's Gift)=79.]
[Information? Intrigue, 84+19+7(Library: Skaven)=110.]
[Sabotage? Intrigue, 40+19+20(Ranald's Gift)=79.]

As a matter of fact, there was.

A series of similar trips net you a good half-dozen jezzails that each pass whatever inspection Chamon allows Johann to give and a warplock pistol. Carefully tucked away in a lead box you accumulate a pouchful of warpstone-impregnated bullets, warpstone-enhanced gunpowder, and the warpstone tokens they use as currency and that are apparently eaten by Skaven magicians for a quick boost, and in a second slightly thicker and carefully watertight box you set aside a strange throwing star that seems to be constantly coated with some sort of warpstone poison, no matter how many times you wipe it off - apparently a trophy of some sort, as it was displayed on a wall in a bunkhouse next to one of the guard posts.

You manage to find the likely source of that throwing star soon after, as while you were waiting for Johann to return from dropping off some more acquisitions, you spend a good fifteen minutes staring at a guardpost on the Karag Yar side of Clan Mors territory, trying to figure out what about it has you feeling like something was seriously off. Then you shifted to prevent an oncoming cramp and the Skaven who had crawled right up beside you screamed in shock and you screamed back and both of you scrabbled away from each other on all fours.

A long, hideously embarrassed silence later as the guards call suspiciously out at the darkness later, a voice speaking surprisingly good Reikspiel calls out. "I pretend that didn't happen and too-too-quiet man-thing does same, yes?"

"Deal," you finally respond, staring into the darkness and trying to figure out why your Magesight insists there's nothing out there.

"Good-good. Man-things never so quiet. You have skill. Have good hunt of the Traitor Clan. May I kill you last."

A skittering in the darkness is your only indication that whatever it was has retreated, and you exhale and try to convince your heart to stop beating so damn fast. The Grey College taught you to never take the best vantage point, because everyone else would; take the second-best instead. It seems Clan Eshin teaches the same.

---

In the end you and Johann spread a fair bit of havoc amongst the Skaven, and if they were at all inclined to a retaliatory raid against the We your regular punishment doled out to their patrols prevented it. Fighting alongside Johann, you quickly learn the secret of his straightforward approach to combat as he has to replace outfit after outfit as his clothes suffer from what his skin shrugs off: from the neck down, his entire body is gold. "Got the arms done while I was in Altdorf," he tells you in between raids. "Last outside part I had left, except for the head, which, yeah. 'Don't gild your head until you can take on arbitrary amounts of hungry peasants' is what they say. And wow did Dwarf gold make it easier - and I'm beginning to like Dwarves, because human rulers would get sniffy if you want their goodwill payable in precious metals but King Belegar was perfectly fine with it, gave me an absurd amount of silver and a letter of introduction to the Barak Varr mint."

The Johann that kept secrets was a pain, but you think you could get to like the Johann that punches rats.

[Opportunity uncovered? Intrigue, 51+19+7(Library:Skaven): 77.]
[Rolling...]

You put the cherry on the top of your expeditions as you stumble across the coordination point of all the guard posts on the Citadel side of the Clan Mors outskirts, which you've yet to visit any chaos upon because they're too far from the fighting to have interesting weapons but not important enough to be worth the effort of killing. This time, however, there's very much an exception: a Chieftain, those two steps down from the very top of the Skaven military hierarchy. You don't speak Queekish, but some things are universal and a desperate underling trying desperately to justify his failures while punishment is kept temporarily at bay only because the authority figure likes the sound of their voice so much is one of them. That the Skaven don't feel the need to illuminate most of their territory makes this trivial, and the underling's stammered excuses are cut off as he watches the knife on the Chieftain's belt seemingly rise up of its own accord and bury itself in said Chieftain's chest. Silence reigns for a handful of seconds, and just as you're out the door and away the Chieftain finally slumps over and the clatter of armour alerts the Stormvermin standing guard nearby. They reach the obvious conclusion and deliver quick but misguided justice to the underling, neatly removing a rung of the local hierarchy without them realizing the magnitude of the problem that their newest neighbours are capable of being.

---

In the hours snatched away from adventure and responsibility, with Wolf curled up resolutely at your feet to anchor you to the life you know instead of the life of a long-dead Sylvanian Baron, your reading of the Liber Mortis continues.

He speaks at length about a foreign Prince named Vladimir, who you recognize almost at once as the vampire who would eventually take the name Vlad von Carstein. To your surprise, Frederick suspected his nature almost as quickly as you did, reading along in the present with almost fifteen centuries of hindsight. But Frederick's response was of curiosity rather than horror, and you have to remind yourself that this was before the name Von Carstein even existed. To the Empire of Frederick's time, vampires were not a persistent existential threat. They were, what? An obscure navigational concern on the Lustrian coast? A historical ruler of a multispecies society who managed to carve a civilization out of the Badlands for a time? A historical footnote in Nehekharan civil wars, no better or worse than all the other variety of strange undead? Perhaps most pertinent of all: they were immune to the Black Plague.

Frederick had tended to the dead and dying all but alone, as those few souls brave enough to stand by him died doing so early on. Vladimir was the only constant face in the worst time of Frederick's life, providing conversation and companionship where he otherwise would have none. And when the ratmen came pouring up from underground, sweeping across Sylvania and slaughtering the survivors of the Plague so they could gather up the malignant green rocks that fell from the sky, and Vladimir offered a solution... of course Frederick wondered what Vladimir's intentions were. But he also recognized that what Vladimir was offering was the only way that Sylvania and its surviving people could continue to exist.

Vladimir didn't just offer a book to Frederick, but remained at his side and walked him past every one of a thousand traps and triggers that it contained and helped him parse the few diamonds of wisdom hidden in a sea of knives. Frederick seemed to have no more talent with magic than most, but what little he did have he cultivated to handle Shyish, which had been his constant companion since the Plague first arrived in Sylvania. And when that tiny ember of potential grew to its full potential, which was barely that of a smouldering slow-match, he took it and pressed it to the readily-available gunpowder of Dhar.

And instead of sacrificing himself to put the dead to rest, he pressed them into service to protect the living.

You're not entirely sure you wouldn't have done the same.

[Learned skill: Dhar manipulation.]
[Learned skill: Von Carstein lore.]

---

You've fulfilled the task that King Belegar gave you and then some: the We not only have an artifact that allows one to communicate verbally, but additionally all of them understand spoken Reikspiel and can write in written, with chalk clutched in their pedipalps or in a pinch, a leg scrawling in the dirt. The only remaining question is how they'll be worked into the strange community they've become a peripheral part of. Will they be left to take care of their own affairs and dealt with by the Diplomat, Prince Kazrik? Will they liaise with the Citadel guards and thus fall under the purview of Dreng? Or should you remain the point of contact for these strange neighbours?

[ ] [SPIDER] They are foreign allies and thus the responsibility of Prince Kazrik.
[ ] [SPIDER] They are military assets and thus the responsibility of Dreng.
[ ] [SPIDER] They are the very definition of 'miscellaneous weirdness' and thus the responsibility of the Court Wizard.
[ ] [SPIDER] No recommendation.

Being the point of contact for the We will open up a new category of interactions, but will not cost actions unless actions are spent on them. This largely decides whether anything We-related is your problem or someone else's.


You also had a strange encounter with Kragg the other day, who had singemarks through his beard and seemed uncharacteristically energized. He prodded you to go into the Eastern Valley and had you spar with one of the more skilled of the Undumgi as he watched, then he asked if you wanted to 'hit hard, hit fast, or hit when they're not looking'. As soon as you answered he departed again, at a remarkable turn of speed for his age.
[ ] [KRAGG] Hit Hard
[ ] [KRAGG] Hit Fast
[ ] [KRAGG] Hit When They're Not Looking


Then there's the matter of your newly-constructed tower. There are bigger towers and there are better towers but if you count from ground level, it might be that there exists no taller tower in the world. But as pleasing as the view is, you've still got to decide the purpose this tower will be put to.
[ ] Tower of Dawn and Dusk - with ritual and material and expert consultation, make your Tower like a tuning fork for Ulgu. Bonus to enchantment, rituals, spell learning, spell making, and power stone creation within the tower. 250gc, 5 College favours.
[ ] Tower of Utter Neutrality - with rune and material and a great deal of care, make your Tower completely magically neutral. Large bonus to studying anything magical, small bonus to studying everything else from higher Magesight contrast. 250gc, 5 Dwarf favours.
[ ] Tower of Oh Dear - with a series of very prominent buttons easily accessible from anywhere in the room, be able to drain all magical energies in three heartbeats. Near-complete immunity to miscasts and any other conceivable magical threat. 200gc, 3 College favours, 3 Dwarf favours.
[ ] Tower of Serenity - Perfect temperature, perfect level of background noise, perfect conditions to get those bloody papers written. Or for someone else to do it for you. It even has a rune to keep your drink warm. Every turn, writing or dictating 1 paper costs no actions. 300gc, 3 College favours, 1 Dwarf favour.
[ ] Tower of the Burning Shadow - to your sorrow, Burning Shadows cannot be cast on a mountain. To your delight, there's a way around that. There may not be a practical purpose to this, but deep in your soul you know you want to turn the entire shadow of Karag Nar into acid. 150gc, 4 College favours.

If there's some other purpose you had in mind for a tower, please request it. Future towers can be built, and extra levels can be added to this tower. Please keep your towers thematically consistent.


[ ] [LIBRARY] No purchase.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Write-in.

[ ] [RUNE] No purchase.
[ ] [RUNE] Write-in.

[ ] [ENCHANTMENT] No purchase.
[ ] [ENCHANTMENT] Write-in.

[ ] [SHOPPING] No purchase.
[ ] [SHOPPING] Write-in.

- Kragg is occupied but Thorek is around, so if you don't mind it not coming from Kragg you can commission another runic item.
- Four hour moratorium on library/rune/enchantment votes.
- The 'shopping' category is for any other miscellaneous whatevers you want to get Mathilde's hands on; the request that prompted it was for firearms.
  </body>
</html>