<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] The Longshanks
Allow the Longshanks to take sole credit for the killing of a dangerous Magus and the thwarting of a Chaos plot. This would provide a very solid foundation to working with them again in the future.

Tally



"Well, if you have to play politics, that's the way to play it," Regimand says to you the next morning, as he peruses a freshly-printed news-sheet. "All mention is of a Longshank victory over a mutant cultist after a prolonged search, with thanks to their coreligionists and the Taalbaston Guard. Alric would have to rub his own nose in his failure quite a bit to be able to get a whiff of your interference."

"He might be able to make some hay out of having protected the Unfähigers until the Witch Hunters caught up with the murderer, but that is a long way from the triumph he needs. And beyond all that, having removed the man in question from the Empire is a job well done itself. I'm happy with how it all turned out."

"So what's next for you? Back to the Elf city?"

"No, there's a similar matter I've agreed to look into over in Bechafen for Paranoth. Something's stirring in the woods there, but whatever it is is straddling the river, so nobody with our skillset has been able to properly investigate."

"Ah. Going to call on the friends you made during your adventures up north?"

"Perhaps. Or perhaps the ones I made today, if I come at it from this side of the border. Haven't decided yet. I'll see if I can get a better idea of what's going on when I get there."

"Travelling by Shadowsteed?" You nod. "I'll keep you company at least part of the way back, then."

"Need a hand with your unfinished business in the east?"

He shakes his head. "Honestly, even one Wizard is overkill. Only reason I haven't handed it off is because it'd take more time to properly brief someone else than it'd save me." He smiles. "I appreciate the offer, though. And it was nice to spend time with you. You've grown far beyond my expectations, and you've developed skills equal to your ambitions. None could ask more of their Apprentice."

---

Bechafen is a compact and crowded city, with the dark wood it is constructed out of combining with the tall buildings choking out the sunlight to give it a gloomy aura it doesn't fully deserve. Beneath that haunted first impression is a prosperous city serving as a centre of trade and industry, with its location on the Upper Talabec and at the centre of Ostermark's road network allowing it to dominate trade with the eastern Empire and southern Kislev, and its maze of sawmills and boatyards by the waterfront constantly takes in freshly-felled timber and turns out some of the finest river vessels on the continent. It cannot compete with the great cities of the Empire like Altdorf and Nuln in the way that Mordheim once did, and perhaps it never will, but in comparison to the other lesser capitals of the Empire like Wurtbad and Salzenmund it is not without its charms.

Johann is waiting to meet you in a tavern by the waterfront, and the ring of empty tables around his is a reminder of how he must appear to those who haven't grown accustomed to him. The golden robes of his Order would set him apart on their own, but the large golden staff, the inhuman golden claw, and the blank golden orbs of his blinded eyes set him even further apart. "Johann," you say in greeting as you sit. "Good trip?"

"I've gotten too used to Dwarven vessels, coming up the Talabec with nothing but wood between me and the water was disturbing. But apart from that, tolerable enough."

"Didn't leave you waiting too long, did I?"

He shrugs. "Gave me time to get the lay of the land. There's definitely something up, but nobody can agree what it is. Hauntings, animal attacks, banditry, cult activity, and portents and omens galore. Plenty of smoke, but nobody can agree what the fire is."

"That fits what Paranoth said. Apparently half the picture is on the other side of the border, so it might be that nobody at all has the whole picture right now. But at least there's no reason not to operate openly here."

Johann nods. "So what's the plan?"

You've been considering that since you left Talabheim. Between your rank, your reputation, and your contacts, there's quite a number of groups you could approach regarding this mystery that could make solving it a great deal easier. But any group you approach would expect you to work with them in solving whatever the problem ends up being, and might have cause to be put out if you solve it in a way not to their satisfaction.


[ ] Elector Count Wolfram Hertwig
Chancellor Wolfram Hertwig has a reputation for being sensible, and if anyone would know what's going on in Ostermark, it would be him. But approaching him openly would make your presence here very official, which might get in the way.
[ ] League of Ostermark
The trade league of Ostermark's nobility are likely to see you as a shareholder of the EIC first and a Grey Wizard second, but they more than anyone have a vested interest in peace and prosperity reigning over the Upper Talabec.
[ ] Longshanks
Gratitude expires quickly, so you might as well make use their good graces while you have them. In Ostermark they're primarily guardians of shrines and pilgrims rather than Witch Hunters, but they'd still have a good idea of what's going on deep in the forests.
[ ] Morrite Witch Hunters
While the citizens of every province of the Empire respect Morr, Ostermarkers revere him more than most, which means that Morrite organizations like the Order of the Shroud, the Dreamwalkers, and the Andanti fill the role of Witch Hunters in Ostermark where normally the Templars of Sigmar would hold sway. Get in touch with them and see what they might know.
[ ] The Ostermark Hedgewise
The Hedgewise of Ostermark are a matriarchal mystery cult with ties to the Hag Witches of Kislev, and many of them are part of Kurtis Krammovitch's extended family. They have eyes and ears in the odd nooks and crannies of Ostermark, and are likely to know more of what's going on here than anyone with official authority. But they are unsanctioned magic-users, and dealing with them might be problematic.
[ ] Tsarevich Boris Bokha
You've met him before, and he seems to have made it his business to solve problems that his more straightforward father can't or won't. Seek him out once more and see if he's interested in solving a source of unrest and disruption in the Southern Oblast.
[ ] Ice Witches
You worked well with them previously, and though their influence within Kislev is currently at a low ebb, they'd have jurisdiction to investigate goings-on on the Kislevite side of the river.
[ ] From scratch
It would not be easy to investigate the matter from scratch, but at least you'd be beholden to nobody. Better to investigate for yourself than to bind yourself to any other group before you have a good idea of what's going on here.
[ ] Other (write in)


- There will be a one hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>