<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 38 Results - 2488.5 - Part 3</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 38 Results - 2488.5 - Part 3</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] College Dispensation

Tally



"So," you say to the trio of your fellow Wizards. "I take it you all picked up on what Lecturer Sarvoi mentioned?"

"Do you mean the part where the mechanisms keeping the world out of the grasp of Chaos is a sorcery that utilizes the wicked powers of Dark Magic?" Egrimm says, to winces from Tochter and Elrisse.

"Yes, that. While that is rather startling news, I hope I'm not the only one here that thinks there's room for a more measured response than trying to put all the Waystones to sword and fire immediately?"

"It can't have been the intention of the Articles that we'd start destroying the Waystones once we realized how they worked. The laws were set down by Teclis, after all," Elrisse says.

"It might have been the intention that they would forbid us from studying them," you note.

Tochter nods. "When he was forming our Order, he spent quite some time trying to convince us to stop using the ancient methods we had of drawing power from the Waystones, and only when we stood firm did he teach us the Elven method of pooling and drawing Ghyran from a Waystone - and only Ghyran, not the other Winds. The Elves believe that we should leave the Waystones be."

"Baba Niedzwenka did say they reacted rather stroppily to Kislev having suborned theirs. Personally, I'm inclined to disregard Ulthuan's claim to the Waystones they abandoned four thousand years ago. Just as they have to acknowledge Laurelorn's independence, so too must they acknowledge that the Waystones that we've been killing and dying to protect ever since are now ours to do with what we will."

"Uti possidetis," Elrisse agrees.

"To that end, I'm inclined to seek a dispensation to continue our study into the Waystones - I need to get one for the Waystone Gold anyway, so I might as well get both at once and save myself a trip. I think it's a very straightforward argument that even if the Waystones are producing Dhar, they're not actually performing a sorcery with it, it's just allowing Dhar to flow towards the Great Vortex in the same way that water runs downhill. We don't accuse plumbers of having studied under the Elementalists in Nuln, do we?"

You receive a round of agreeing nods in response.

---

When you travelled to Altdorf Zoo and said to Dragomas that you wanted a word in private, you'd expected him to take you into a meeting room or perhaps a supply closet of some sort. Being taken through a series of heavily-secured doors that led into the chambers of the Imperial Dragon was not quite what you had in mind.

"Does it mind?" you ask as the Dragon opens up a sliver of an eye and snorts a greeting towards Dragomas.

"He's used to comings and goings. As long as you don't go near his treasure he isn't bothered."

'His' treasure. You wonder if the Dragon is aware that the Empire still considers it to belong to the state, and that there are promissory notes circulating using the hoard he rests upon as security. Normally there's a lot of resistance to any sort of currency that isn't made of precious metals, but gold being guarded by a Dragon is considered by many to be less likely to disappear overnight than gold secured in a more traditional vault. "Is he cleared for this discussion?"

He smiles at you. "Dragons develop bestial cunning first, and true intelligence only after they've grown larger than this fellow currently is. Right now he's about at the level of a crow or a dog - clever, but not really the sort to eavesdrop."

"Very well." You take a moment to get your thoughts back in order. "The Waystone Project has properly begun, but our partnership with the Eonir has uncovered something potentially tricky under the Articles. The mechanism the Waystones use to send magic towards the Great Vortex is based on the attractant properties of Dhar."

He considers that. "That's the only transmission mechanism?"

"There may be something about the leylines themselves that help facilitate it, but in the Waystones themselves, yes. Two or more Winds are put into diametric orbits around a core of Dhar and the whole package is dropped into the leyline, where the Dhar is attracted to the Great Vortex - the Eonir say this is because Dhar is naturally drawn towards the Aethyr."

"And then they strip the Winds back out along the way. What if there's no Dhar around to be used?"

"I suspect that the Waystones create some."

"Ah." He considers that for a while. "I'll give you a dispensation to continue the study. If it turns out that there's no way around that mechanism it might be trouble for any hopes of creating entirely new ones, but no point wrestling with that here and now when we don't have all the facts. Who do you have from the Orders with you?"

"Elrisse and Egrimm van Horstmann of the Lights, and Tochter Grunfeld of the Jades."

"Didn't you have those Gold fellows?"

"They're employees of the branch college, rather than formal members of the Project."

"Then it's up to you whether to bring them under your dispensation, with the usual cautions about it falling on your head if they misuse it. I'll get ones made up for the other three." He purses his lips in thought. "And maybe have the letters informing their Magisters Patriarch left on their respective desks, rather than sent directly to wherever they are right now. Anything else?"

"I'd also hoped for a dispensation for the study of Waystone Gold."

"Right, that's not a problem. Same people?" You nod. "I'll send the paperwork through the usual channels. The Golds have a stockpile of the stuff from having absorbed all the pre-Teclisean alchemists, one of yours should be able to requisition some."

"Thank you, Supreme Patriarch. That will be a great deal easier than having to find one we could afford to sacrifice."

He nods. "Anything interesting come up so far?"

You smile, and begin to tell him about what you learned about Kislev's Waystones.

---

On your way to meeting with Adela, you'd reflected on the fact that none of the the three Journeymen who'd arrived in Karak Eight Peaks eight years ago had reached higher rank, but each had instead found a place for themselves in the organizations outside of the Empire. That train of thought is rather derailed when you find Adela wearing the robes of a Magister instead of those of a Journeyman.

"Adela!" you say happily, giving the younger woman a hug in greeting. "When did you make Magister?"

"I haven't technically, but the Bright Order brevets you according to your association with military units, and the powers that be decided that the Karag Nar Gunnery School counts. After the Chancellor and my aunt got married-"

"The Chancellor of the Gunnery School? You mean Oswald?" She nods. "Is your family completely subsuming that institution?"

She nods, completely unabashed. "Better them than a bunch of strangers, I figure. A lot of Nuln engineers will burn every bridge in the world to nab a secret of Dwarven engineering, they need someone breathing down their necks to keep them in line. My aunt's good at that, she's the one that got me to stop starting fires when I was a kid, back when we thought it was just a personal quirk instead of unrealized metaphysical attunement." You consider that for a while, then shrug it off. Francesco, Soizic, and Oswald are all sensible folk, so if they're not ringing alarm bells then things are probably fine, and you don't have enough hours in the day to make the inner workings of every organization your problem. "Anyway, after the marriage, I became a mostly official go-between for Dwarven and Empire and Undumgi engineers, with an attached rank and salary. So the Bright Order breveted me."

You nod. "How's the masterpiece coming along?"

She shrugs. "The launcher is sound and there's a lot of options for the payload, but it's the sort of thing that's useful to me specifically, rather than something with wider applications. I need to either simplify the steam half of it so that the average Bright Journeyman can use it, or minimize the magical component so that it can be used by non-magical engineers. Either way, I need a better grasp of steam and its workings."

Now that's an opening. "About that. You know I've had a Gyrocarriage built for me?"

"Aye, big news. First entirely non-military aircraft the Dwarves have built since the air barges of the Golden Age. Opinion's divided on whether that's a sign of hope or hubris."

"Problem is, I can't find a full-time pilot for it, and having to organize my schedule in advance around whoever here needs training hours defeats the purpose of having the thing. I need someone skilled, trustworthy, reliable, and able to handle themselves in a fight, all of which are easy enough to find among the Dwarves, but the sticking point is I need someone who won't spiral into despair if their flying career doesn't involve dropping a single bomb on a single Orc. The Pilot Clans tend to be rather intense about that sort of thing."

"To put it lightly. And you think I'm a good fit for the job?"

"You get on with the engineers, you already have a solid grasp of steam, you can handle yourself in a fight, and I already know you. You being a Wizard makes clearance and chain of command a lot simpler. You'd be employed and paid through my branch college at standard rates, and though you'd have to swear oaths of secrecy for a lot of what you'd need to learn to take it on, I'm sure a lot of what you'd learn could be applicable to your inventions. The job will have a lot of downtime that you'll be able to put towards them, but you won't have a lot of control over where that downtime will be - a fair bit of it would be here, but otherwise will be wherever the job takes me. For now a lot of it would likely be at Tor Lithanel, other times it's in major cities like Altdorf or Talabheim or Bechafen, others it's tiny places in the middle of nowhere, like Fort Brachsenbrücke in Reikland or Resvynhaf in southern Kislev."

She considers that for a while. "So I'd get paid to learn a lot about steam that the Dwarves otherwise would never tell me, and to hop around the continent to wherever you think is the most interesting?"

You consider the current open questions of kurgans and obelisks, and the mystery of what's west of L'Anguille. "Possibly outside the continent as well."

"Sounds like you've got yourself a pilot."

---

After carefully negotiating the web of Guilds and oaths involved in getting a human taught as a Gyrocopter pilot, with some relief you shut yourself away from all of that. You've sectioned off a neat chunk of time with which you can get to the nice, relaxing activity of poking at the fundamental forces of magic to see if you can make them do anything unexpected. To that end you have a measure of Aethyric Vitae and a power stone. Your expectation is that it will just cause the Vitae to detonate, but it does not seem too unlikely that it will do so in a particularly reliable or novel way that might have some utility.

By now, the procedures of setting up a proper testing apparatus in your Room of Calamity within the White Tower are straightforward, and before long you have a mechanism set up to introduce the fragment of Crystal Mist to a very small measure of the Vitae, and without further ado you provide the prod that causes the two forces to collide. In an instant the Vitae detonates, and you fruitlessly try to blink away from your Magesight the bright afterimages of exploding energy. You run an eye over the scraps of energies already beginning to flow out of the room, and frown to yourself.

You gather a slightly larger sample of Vitae and repeat the experiment, this time with a slab of stone between you and the detonation to shield your Magesight, and once again you survey the energies present. Again, all are present except the Ulgu. You turn your eye to the Crystal Mist, and find it looking much as it always does: a coiled strand of Ulgu compressed into a ball, with not a scrap of unexpected energy to be found. You frown at it and pick it up, weighing it in your hand. Then you fetch some callipers.

One more detonation later, you have confirmation: the power stone has grown slightly larger.

That is, as far as you're aware, impossible. A length of a strand of a Wind is a constant, which is why all power stones are of the same size. But the counterpoint to that is obvious: the Orbs of Sorcery that Teclis gifted to the nascent Colleges, each an orb of pure magic the size of a man's head, much larger than any conventional power stone. A single one of them can allow for magical phenomena that would normally take an entire array of conventional power stones and be a lot easier to build around as well, and a socket for them can be found at the heart of the most potent and rarely-used Battle Altars of the Colleges. He never shared the secret of how they were made, and the most commonly-shared legend is that each contained a sliver of Teclis' own magical power within them. It seems you may have stumbled across another possibility: that the properties of the Winds, including that of the length of an individual strand, are more malleable at their moment of creation, and that when Vitae is detonated in immediate contact with a power stone, the primordial Ulgu adds itself on to the coiled strand within the power stone, rather than creating new strands of its own.

You walk down to your library, stare in befuddlement at the bare shelves, then sigh as you recall that most of your books are now housed within Kvinn-Wyr.

---

Quite a bit of careful study within your primordial library later, you confirm that an actual study of primordial Winds has not been undertaken by Wizards of the Empire for the simple reason that the only places that primordial Winds exist is at the poles, when a rift has been carved between reality and the Aethyr, and during the disintegration of a slain Daemon, none of which are particularly conducive to careful research. And, as you've become aware, the moment of the creation of Winds is one that is rather blinding to mystical senses. How do you derive useful insight from an event that is over in a fraction of a second, is invisible to conventional senses, and is blinding to unconventional ones? That aside, you do find mentions in Dwarven texts that Karag Dum Runesmiths have put forward arguments that there's a difference in the nature of the Winds closer to the pole than further south, though you can't find more than those tantalizing hints, and it's not like you can send them a letter to ask for their research on the matter.

You return to your laboratory and repeat the experiment with the Crystal Mist a few more times until you're sure your calliper measurements are accurate, and then you sigh and return all the way back to the library - would it be wasteful to have Adela on hand to fly you back and forth from your home to the library? - to look up the diameter of the Orbs of Sorcery. By your calculations, it would take about eight gallons of Vitae detonated in this way to grow a power stone to the size of an Orb of Sorcery, but that would be wasting the other seven Winds contained within. You sketch out a device with which you could hold eight power stones equidistant from a central point, and on that point careful measures of Vitae could be dropped and detonated and allowed to congeal on the power stones before the next measure is introduced. Then you work on a device to automatically deliver and detonate those measures, because that seems like a long and tedious process to do manually, and then measure the viscosity of the Vitae so you're able to sketch out a set of tubes dripping Vitae into a Cup of Verena that should allow the entire process to be automated. Over a number of days, eight power stones plus eight gallons of Vitae should result in something the Colleges thought impossible: the creation of entirely new Orbs of Sorcery.

Though that's quite a pleasing result, you find your mind continually drifting back to the question of primordial Winds, and the frustration that you can make it occur on demand but you're unable to observe it in any useful way. Something to pursue another day, because the time you set aside has already been significantly eaten into and you really should pay your library some attention while you're here.

---

Right now, your library is large, echoing chambers filled with shelves and empty of people. And while on a certain level that does appeal to you, you have resolved that more people than just yourself will benefit from this library, and for that to happen you need staff. And for that, you have a decision to make: who will those staff be?

The simplest route, you suppose, would be to simply copy what already works. The Colleges have tried and true mechanisms for setting up and maintaining libraries. A core of Perpetual Assistants and the careful vetting processes of the Colleges could skim the most promising and trustworthy of human candidates from across the Empire and build them into a staff able to construct a library of magic that is perfectly able to assist the studies of Wizards and ensure that the Library slots into the larger Collegiate ecosystem. Or you could turn to the Cult of Verena, to the scriveners of Clio and the calligraphers of Scripsisti. Nowhere will you be able to find a more dedicated and enthusiastic staff of aficionados of the written word, and they will work tirelessly to ensure that the knowledge within is as accessible as possible to those who visit it. And then there's the Dwarven equivalent: the Runescribes Guild. A staff drawn from them would be one where the proper organization and maintenance of the books within are guaranteed, as you've seen for yourself that a properly maintained Dwarven library can withstand the ravages of any amount of time.

Or you can have a staff trained up from scratch. The easiest way to integrate the Library into the wider Karak is to recruit its staff directly from it, bringing in whoever is willing and able and training them as librarians. While this might not give you any distinct advantages, it does mean that the Library will be more properly part of the Karak rather than merely located within it, to the benefit of both. Or you could recruit from the Halflings for your librarians, the same way and for the same reason Belegar did for the Karak's farmers. Halflings are overlooked by many and resented by some, but the reasons for that are the same reasons they might make good librarians - they're quiet, insular, hardworking, and usually of modest ambitions. Or you could take a page from the book of the Light Order and start scouring the orphanages of the Old World, except looking for those suited to the book rather than the spell. As you know, a child without hope that is unexpectedly granted some is a deep and reliable well of gratitude, and by doing so you would be granting good educations and employment to those that might otherwise have little hope of it.

Then there's the more exotic options. The We have been doing well enough for long enough that they're beginning to consider 'splitting', where a few Egglayers are birthed, given a coterie of Webweavers and an honour guard of Hunters, and go off into the world to find a new home for themself. At first the new We will be almost identical to the original, but over time they will diverge into entirely different individuals. While the current plans would be to establish then somewhere under Karagril so they can be conveniently close to the greenskins that are their prey, they could instead establish themselves in your library and dedicate themselves to the care and cultivation of your library. It will be a long and difficult process to teach them all that they'd need to know, but at the end of that path is a staff of librarians that are able to easily move in three dimensions, instantly communicate with each other, increase their numbers to whatever amount is needed, and be absolutely terrifying to anyone inclined to misbehave and might normally expect nothing more than a smack with a ruler and a stern look from a more conventional librarian.

And then there's Cython. There's been a great many times when you've reflected that Cython's deep well of knowledge and experience might be of use, but there's precious little that you can offer it that it cannot already secure simply because its goodwill is greatly desired by the Karak it lives within. But there's one thing that might be able to lure it down from its peak for more than the occasional raid on your shelves, and that is if you offer it a large and ever-growing hoard of knowledge it will be able to call its own. There's sure to be difficulties in acclimating Cython to having intruders wandering around its hoard and its sure to consider itself a full partner in the library rather than a mere employee, and the task of recruiting the rest of the librarians will have to be granted to it so that it can hire a team it feels comfortable allowing full access to its hoard. But the full cooperation of an Emperor Dragon is something that you're fairly sure no other library can boast.



From where will Mathilde recruit a staff of librarians for the Library of Kron-Azril-Ungol?

[ ] Collegiate
Will be a boon to any magical research, and will allow the Library become a seamless part of the larger Collegiate ecosystem.
[ ] Cult of Verena
Will ensure the goodwill of the wider Cult, and will make a Library dedicated to sharing truth and knowledge.
[ ] Runescribes Guild
Guarantees the proper organization and maintenance of the Library.

[ ] Locals
Will more fully integrate the Library with the wider Karak, to the benefit of both.
[ ] Halflings
Will be reliable, trustworthy, hardworking, and relatively incorruptible.
[ ] Orphans
Will ensure staff that is fanatically loyal to you.

[ ] The We
Spider Librarians.
[ ] Cython
Dragon Librarian.



- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Tragically you can only pick one, though some of these options will be available with minor modifications if/when you recruit a team of scribes for the Library.
- If you have ideas for other possible sources for librarians, feel free to suggest them.
- A note on libraries: The possessiveness of some potential recruits is not as much of a concern as you might think. in this era, most libraries only ever lend out books if they have multiple copies or to exceptionally trusted individuals. They don't work the same way as modern libraries, where almost everything is expected to go out the door on a regular basis. 
  </body>
</html>