<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 9</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 9</h2>
As the lay-clerics of Gazul amongst the Rangers give the Expedition's Slayers the proper rites and debate what is to be done with those from Karak Vlag, you check in on your Wizards to make sure everyone got through the battle unscathed. Johann and Hubert were by your side right up until you teleported over to Deathfang so you just double-check that they didn't manage to get themselves into strife in the moments between that and the end of the battle. Everyone else, however, requires a bit more time and attention.

You know that Cyrston pulled at least some weight because you saw three shades of magic shoving the higher Daemon's attempt at spellcasting off-kilter, and his own description of the battle lines up with that: he watched it for any attempts at spellcasting and jumped in when it happened, as well as keeping an eye on the Daemonettes in case any of them turned out to have a concealed talent for magic. Perhaps one could criticize and say that he should have had an opportunity or two to deploy Summer Heat or Winter Frost, but it's just as valid to say that his job was to counterspell and he did that, and if he had started slinging magic he might have missed any other enemy spellcasters that could have been present. In any case, he seems in good spirits after this blooding and you leave him to his meditation.

Alexandra is the other unaccompanied Journeymanling and thus your second stop on the circuit, and in contrast to Cyrston's calmness she's very clearly still riding an adrenaline high. As she enthusiastically gives you a blow-by-blow account of the various forms of fire she threw at Daemonettes, you carefully examine her under your Magesight to make sure it's nothing untoward, and you can't see anything but roiling Aqshy. Just high spirits, then, probably reinforced by the influence of her Wind. All in all it's probably a good thing that her first taste for battle made her eager for more instead of the opposite, considering it's very unlikely to be the last time the Expedition encounters hostile forces. You congratulate her and have a quiet word with the Rangers that would have been nearby, and confirm that while her recollections of mowing down waves of Daemonettes with fire don't quite match reality, she definitely accounted for some of them.

Michel isn't immediately visible, but even with so much Daemonic energy in the air it's not hard for you to find a Wizard who isn't actively hiding, and you clamber atop one of the steam-wagons to find him grumbling and massaging his arm, which spasms every few seconds. A backlash from locking magics with the higher Daemon apparently, but while a piece of stray lightning going rogue and rendering an arm useless for a few hours is alarming to your perspective, it's apparently something that's relatively common and usually harmless for Celestial Wizards. While he's not happy, he doesn't seem disturbed or permanently injured, so you thank him for his role in the battle and leave him to his moping.

Max is the third and final of those that were on counterspell duty, and he's just as out-of-sight and subsequently easy to find as Michel, and for much the same reason; he's tucked himself away in his room and at your enquiry says to leave him be unless it's dinner time or another attack is happening. A few soft questions pries out of him that his own participation earned him a splitting headache, though it can't be too bad since it doesn't stop him from describing it at length to you once he gets going. You're quite used to Max and his foibles, and nodding along while he complains is a small price to pay for his able assistance, so you allow him to exhaust his grumbling before you excuse yourself and move on.

The Light Wizard quartet played quite a dramatic role in the battle, one that you'd attempted and failed to claim for yourself. You put aside any bitterness and check in on the Lights, which is a study in contrasts. Egrimm is calm and collected and watching his charges with a concerned eye, and while Citharus and Timpania leap at the chance to tell the story of their part in the battle (much of which flies right past you, and you make a note to read up on Hysh choir-magic), Barbitus remains silent and lost in his own thoughts. Egrimm notices you watching the quiet Journeyman and catches your eye, and you take him aside to have a word away from the others.

"Is it serious?" you ask, noting the worry on Egrimm's face.

"I hope not," he replies, rubbing at his temples. "But it's hard to say. Hysh requires a concentrated introspection, and one downside to that is that when one of our own faces troubles, they turn inwards instead of doing anything that might indicate where their mind is at. It could just be shaken nerves, maybe Barbitus just isn't suited for the battlefield. But Barbitus - all three of them, really - have had cloistered lives since they were little more than children. And the Dark Prince has a great many hooks on its line."

You recall the barrage of temptations that you were met by, each tailored to target a different aspect of who you are. "You think he might have been tempted?"

Egrimm sighs. "Facing the forces of Chaos is the purpose of the Order of Light, and as such we try to prepare our initiates as best we can. But there is always attrition, and those that stare into the eye of the Great Enemy and balk are the least of those. It can be impossible to tell from the outside whether someone has recovered from their encounter with Chaos and are ready to face it again, or whether they have found in themselves a desire to seek it out for the wrong reasons."

You nod soberly. Every Order prefers to deal with such things in-house, but when all else fails it is to the Grey Order that the unenviable task of eliminating so-called Black Magisters falls. You've heard stories of how bad it can get when someone with a full College education decides to misuse it, and few of them ended cleanly. "You'll keep an eye on him?"

He nods. "Of course, and I'll give him what guidance I can. And if some suspicious accident ends my vigil prematurely, I trust you'll do what must be done."

"You have my word."

"Thank you. I don't think it will come to that, but better to be sure in such matters." He claps your arm and heads back towards his charges, and you watch him go thoughtfully. It speaks well of him that his concern over his hopefully demoralized and possibly corrupted Journeyman takes precedence over the pride he must feel from having scored the killing blow on a higher Daemon.

The final Wizards to check up on are Esbern and Seija, and your being done with the others neatly coincides with some of the Knights of Taal's Fury returning to the Expedition. Their vigil over the Expedition's flanks had them clash with the mounted Daemonettes, and over a series of inconclusive skirmishes and cat-and-mouse chases through the mountains the Seekers were thoroughly scattered. Most of the Knights are still out hunting them down one by one, but the threat they pose to the Expedition is likely neutralized, as it would take too long for them to reunite in sufficient numbers to pose a significant threat. They are now reduced to one more lurking threat amongst the dozens that are already assumed to be hiding amongst the mountains, and one that the Expedition is already well guarded against. You have a word with the Knights to check for any news about the Ambers, and you're told that apart from Seija sporting a minor wound that should heal cleanly, they're fine and enthusiastically participating in the hunt.

Your final charges, and ones that would likely not consider themselves such, are Asarnil and Deathfang who have once more made themselves comfortable aboard the Urmskaladrak. Deathfang is grumbling but otherwise lying still as Asarnil tends to the punctures on his neck, rubbing some sort of poultice into them. "Are you okay?" you ask in Eltharin.

"I should be asking you that question," Asarnil says with a laugh. "If that had worked, the poets would be fighting each other for the honour of putting that maneuver of yours into verse."

You grimace. "I'm aware. But my ego will heal."

"As will Deathfang's," he says, slapping the side of the dragon's neck companionably. "That's the Slaaneshi for you, no matter how quick you expect them to be, they'll be quicker. He had her completely by surprise and she was still around his neck in a trice."

"So, what do you think? Greater Daemon? Daemon Prince?"

"That's the other thing about them, you can never tell just by looking. The other three stick to a theme for Greater Daemons, but Slaanesh likes variety. Unless you can work out that one's name and track her history, you might never know whether she was always a part of the whole or an elevated pawn."

"I suppose if I had got the kill, I'd probably never be able to properly categorize it," you say with a smile. "Might be for the best."

"It'd be underappreciated too. Everyone thinks Bloodthirsters are the pinnacle of Daemonic opponent, they don't appreciate how fast a Keeper of Secrets is, or how tough a Great Unclean One is, or how hard it is to get a Lord of Change into actual battle." Asarnil shakes his head. "There's an elegance to getting your appreciation in coins and ingots and gemstones. If someone doesn't pay what you're owed, it's a lot easier to burn their house down and loot the ruins than it is to pin them down and demand accolades."

You laugh, and thank Asarnil for his time and his insight.

---

Once the Expedition has finished licking its wounds and loading the dead and wounded aboard the Urmskaladrak, the next priority is Karak Vlag itself. Every question you have about what Karag Dum might have endured and experienced in the almost two centuries it has been absent applies even more so to Karak Vlag, which was in the actual Aethyr instead of merely the Chaos Wastes. You know the front doors have been blown off their hinges but beyond that you know next to nothing, though it's probably a good sign that the stone is still stone rather than anything more exotic. It could be completely overrun by Daemons, it could be the site of an active siege, its population could have converted to Chaos entirely, or the Karak could still be holding strong just past the entrance. Even the Slaaneshi Slayers are hard to read much out of, because as terrible a blasphemy against Grimnir that they are, there weren't that many of them and could be the result of illusion and trickery, rather than the Karak falling to Chaos entirely.

After a cautious investigation of the path leading into the Karak confirms that it's still there and that nothing remains of the Daemons that fought amongst themselves there but decaying ichor, a quick discussion amongst the Council determines Plan A: yelling into the Karak and seeing if anyone (or anything) answers. What it lacks in style it makes up for in that it risks nothing, but a few noisy minutes later yields nothing but echoes. Plan B it is, then: reconnaissance in force, with a line of shotcannon and rifles in defilade to retreat to. You're the natural choice for such a project, but your recommendation that you go in alone and invisible is rejected for Dwarven reasons. First contact with the lost Hold must be made by a Dwarf, so that they can either be welcomed back properly or the Grudge for whatever has happened to them can be properly witnessed and later recorded. You grumble, but by now know which battles can be won and can't be when it comes to Dwarves, so you simply add Johann. If the group can't have stealth, it should have firepower.

Snorri is almost as natural a pick as you as this is almost as well-suited to Rangers as it is to Grey Wizards. Ruprecht volunteers, and is thanked for doing so but of the many fine qualities of the Winter Wolves, ability to navigate in total darkness is not among them. Snorri fills out the group with the most seasoned and reliable of his Rangers, and to your surprise and grudging respect Borek decides to come along as well, grumbling that he might as well see what the endangerment of the Expedition has been in aid of. You're not happy with so many eggs in one basket, but even in the worst case scenario the Expedition could still continue in fairly good shape should all of you be lost.

"Right," Snorri says, "we go in quiet and we go in dark. If we see anything without a beard," he pauses, "that isn't one of these two, that is, shoot it. And if it's still alive after that, leg it. If you lose track of the path back to the entrance, say so immediately." You have to wonder if that bit is directed at the humans in the party, or at the only non-Ranger Dwarf. "If the Wizards tell you to do something, do it, even if it's weird. Ancestors be with you."

And Ranald, you think.

The descent into Karak Vlag is painfully slow, marked by scouting ahead for any trace of enemies, then backtracking to examine the area with the dimmest of lights and whispered conversation in reasonable confidence that it won't immediately invite an ambush. There's two recurring themes: signs of battle, and what might be described as Slaaneshi decoration. And not always the latter atop the former, telling a story of a long, grinding siege where the defenders gave as good as they got, making the attackers pay for every inch of ground and taking every opportunity to push them back.

"We've seen marks left by rifles and cannon at every step," you say in one murmured conversation after a descent that feels like it lasted forever but according to Snorri has penetrated at most a fifth of the way into the Karak.

"Of course," Borek says. "They weren't lost in the Golden Age, they would have all the modern weapons."

You pass on commenting on the fact that two century old weapons would still be considered modern. "In the Aethyr, constants aren't. For blackpowder to have worked this entire time, chemistry and thermodynamics must have remained unchanged this entire time. That's unlikely, unless it was kept in a sort of 'bubble' of reality."

"Why would that be the case?" Snorri asks.

You consider that. "It might have had to be to maintain the anchor, to keep the Karak bound to this position for it to be able to move back and forth. That would fit the energy drain. Keeping a bubble of reality in the Aethyr would be as energy-intensive as keeping a bubble of unreality here was to the Daemons."

"It'd explain why the Daemons had to fight for every step, instead of the sheer weight of Chaos driving the Dwarves insane or turning them to stone, as it did to our lost cousins," Borek says gravely.

"But the Slayers..." one of the Rangers says doubtfully.

"A few score of them," you reply. "What was Karak Vlag's population?"

"About thirty thousand," Borek says.

"They weren't in a hurry. There's no Everchosen right now, no Storm of Magic. Slain Daemons could be trivially reformed or replaced. They could take it room by room, hall by hall. Take captives. Both to torment them, and to use them to torment those that still hold out."

"It fits," Borek says after a moment's thought. "These ones value entertainment over efficiency. Holding an entire Karak in their domain to be toyed with at a whim is the sort of thing they'd do."

"Like a child's toy soldiers, complete with a model castle," you say with a nod.

"Until a Wizard comes along and yanks it right out of the Aethyr," Johann chuckles.

"That's horrifying," Snorri says, "but here and now, hopeful."

---

It takes several more eternities of painstaking delving until things change. The decoration gives way to bare stone and Dwarven carvings, and the air hangs heavy with magic from still-dissolving ichor, and patches of mundane blood splatters the stone here and there, still sticky to the touch. No bodies, though drag marks leading deeper into the Karak show where they're likely to have gone. Johann also finds shards of metal that seem very much like fragments of shattered weapons that were mostly, but not entirely, retrieved.

"Their energy flow becomes dammed," you theorize when the group next falls back to confer. "Suddenly their toy Karak has a very tight time limit. They strike deals with two other higher Daemons for them to lend their forces to an all-out assault. And then when they're returned to reality so abruptly the forces of the Fighter and the Tempter fall to infighting and those of the Plotter strikes out on their own."

"And leaves our lads still kicking?" Snorri says, hope in his voice.

"More than kicking by the looks of things," Johann says, running his fingers through a chunk smashed out of a wall.

"Well then," he says, and slaps his knee determinedly. The rest of you follow him as he delves back into the depths. "Ahoy!" he shouts, and you're barely able to grab him by the collar and yank him out of the path of an incoming crossbow bolt. "Hold fire, damn it," he bellows, and you sigh and give him another yank as a crossbow bolt tinks off the stone behind where he was. "You're back in the mountains! You're safe!"

"Oh aye?" comes a voice from the darkness. "Well, we'll just let our guard down then, shall we? Parades and feasts and the High King here to shake our hand and tug our beard too, I expect. Wives and gold for everyone. Got that about right?" There's a chorus of chuckles echoing from the darkness.

You can see realization hit Snorri. "But it's real," he says to the darkness, and scornful laughter is all he gets in response. Well, that and a third bolt, but he's already stepping out of the path of that on his own.

A few minutes later at a much safer distance from what appears to be the front lines, Borek is nodding to a crestfallen Snorri. "One of my cousins spent three days camping outside the gates because he forgot the pass-phrases and the Winds were blowing too hard for the Runemasters to confirm his identity," He says. "Daresay these lads have learned even harsher lessons than the Chaos Wastes taught us. Probably had a dozen rescues, and much grander than this one."

"But it's real, they're safe now," Snorri says. "Shouldn't that count for something?"

"Reality is never as convincing as something designed to be convincing," you say. "Could get Thorgrim here and they'd probably think that his beard should be longer and his Throne bigger."

"They'd be expecting Alriksson anyway," Borek says. "Doubt they've heard of Thorgrim."

"Exactly, so-" you pause as you consider that. "That's it."

"What's it?" Snorri asks, but you're already heading back down.

---

"Hi," you say as a Marsh Light illuminates the darkness, and then you step out of the way of the inevitable crossbow bolt. Or at least the Illusion of yourself does. You're bold, but you're not stupid.

"Got sick of the act?" the voice says. "Bit overdressed, aren't you?"

"Oh, I'm not a Daemonette," you say. "Mathilde Weber, Dalmhornzhufokrul."

There's a moment of silence as they consider that. "Night water crafter? You make commodes?"

You're too busy grimacing at the mistranslation to react fast enough, and two crossbow bolts punch through the empty air that your Illusion occupies. "Grey Wizard of the Empire," you say, as voices mutter in the darkness at your apparent intangibility.

"Pull the other one," says the voice after a moment. "Empire's not like Kislev, they burn their Zhufi."

"Not since the Great War Against Chaos," you say. "That's what we call the battle against the forces of Asavar Kul, the Everchosen during the Chaos invasion you lot disappeared in. The Empire legalized Wizards because we joined in the fight against Chaos."

"Well, at least this one's original," says the voice. "Go on, then. The next part is where the High King showed up and saved the day and everyone starts respecting us properly. That last bit is the least believable part of the entire spiel, if you ask me."

"He died," you say. "His sons, too. His nephew Thorgrim's on the Throne of Power now."

"Think I preferred the other ones. What sort of temptation do you call this?"

You shrug, and your Illusion does too. "None at all, it's pretty grim. After the losses were tallied, some Dwarfholds were talking about sealing their entrances and dwindling. But Thorgrim declared that the Silver Age was over, and that the Age of Reckoning has begun. The Karaz Ankor will repay every Grudge before it fades from the world."

Mutters answer that. "This isn't the sort of thing they say," you can just hear someone saying. "Maybe Tudnak's right."

"It will take more than one earthquake only the Rune-pokers can feel before I stick my neck out."

"Here, I think I've got an idea. Budge over." A moment later, a much louder voice asks, "what about the Elgi? They turn up for this Great War of yours?"

You smile. "They sent three people and they still act smug about it."

Silence answers that. "I think it might be real," someone finally says.

"Look, I'm not saying you should strip off your chainmail and come dancing through the mountains with me," you say to the darkness. "Reclaim the hold, and I don't have to tell Dwarves to do it slowly and carefully and properly, but I will anyway because the Daemons are gone but the Grobi and Raki probably won't take long to notice you're back. Start peeking out the front doors once you've properly rehung them. Karak Kadrin's a bit far for a jaunt, but if you're feeling bold Volksgrad is up the road and they've rebuilt Praag. We're about to head off to see what's going on with Karag Dum, but we'll send word south and the High King will send someone to answer your questions."

There's a while before an answer comes. "We'll take that under advisement," the voice says doubtfully, which is probably the best you're going to get.

---

"Let's go," you say to the group as you rejoin them.

"What, all that talk and then you're giving up?" Snorri asks.

"I'm not giving up, I'm changing the engagement. They're not going to trust anything we say. You know how you befriend a paranoid stray? You don't grab it by the scruff of the neck, you just leave some food out and leave it to it. Eventually it realizes that you're not out to hurt it."

"So we leave?"

"We leave. Send word to Praag for them to send word to Karaz-a-Karak, and they'll have a gyrocopter full of Longbeards trying to coax them out by the time we get back. Best we can do. Look, I won't pretend that I know the inside of a Dwarven head better than you, but I do know how to manage paranoia. I grew up in a College dedicated to it."

"She's right," Johann says. "Like long-tailed cats in a room full of rocking chairs, the lot of them."

---

When you return to the surface, you're forced to repeat your argument several more times before everyone reluctantly accepts it, but Snorri brought one of the crossbow bolts up with him and keeps showing it to people who think they'd be able to do better. The mood is mixed as the Expedition prepares to set off once more, as those who want to stay and try their hand are harangued by Borek into submission. The clock is ticking, and there's no hope of getting anything other than munitions from Karak Vlag for the foreseeable future. So you leave in your wake one Hold of thoroughly traumatized Dwarves, which is at least better than the bare mountain where a Hold should be.

You turn your mind to the future, and to Zorn Uzkul: the Great Skull Land, the vast plateau where the Chaos Dwarves were born and the site of an eternal underground battle between them and Clan Moulder. The landscape is as desolate as the rest of the Darklands but at least less bare, as for unknown reasons giant beasts from the Mountains of Mourn travel here to die, leaving their skeletons to be stripped by scavengers and the wind. Every step will likely be watched by at least two sets of eyes, watching for any moment of weakness to attack and turn the Expedition's resources into their own.

But despite how bare it is, this region sees much more traffic than one would expect, as the Road of Skulls is walked by many. Trade convoys from the Old World to Cathay and back, of course, but there's another mark on a trader's map here: Uzkulak, the founding city of the Chaos Dwarves, open to anyone willing to pay the Chaos Dwarves their cut and give them first refusal on any goods or beings sold there. Pirates of every stripe and species make their way through the channels carved through the pack ice of the Frozen Sea to sell and trade their stolen cargoes and captured slaves, as do Kurgan, Hong, and Hobgoblin tribes from the Great Steppes, Ogres from the Mountains of Mourn, Orcs from the World's Edge Mountains, and unscrupulous traders from the Old World.

It's a terrible place, and the world would be far better if it was torn to the ground. But it's also a place where a fistful of gold could turn into just about anything, including ancient tomes, forgotten scrolls, Elven steles, and golden plaques from the New World. The part of you that wants to see it destroyed is matched by another part of you that wants a chance to peruse the treasures from across the world that would be available to purchase there. And it could also answer questions of supply, as even if you don't trust the food farmed and gathered by Chaos Dwarves, food cargoes from piracy and herd animals from the Steppes could also be available for purchase there. The Dwarves wouldn't like it, but they'd probably like starving to death and failing Karag Dum even less.



The five with the most votes will be chosen, as you still have some time before the Expedition emerges into Zorn Uzkul.

Spend time getting to know:
[ ] Thane Borek Forkbeard
[ ] Head Engineer Gotrek Gurnisson
[ ] Head Ranger Snorri Farstrider
[ ] Preceptor Joerg von Zavstra
[ ] Sir Ruprecht Wulfhart the Younger
[ ] Asarnil the Dragonlord
[ ] Deathfang
[ ] Ice Crone Ljiljana
[ ] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann
[ ] Citharus, Barbitus, and Timpania
[ ] Magister Michel Solmann
[ ] Journeyman Cyrston von Danling
[ ] Journeywoman Alexandra Kohler

Become involved with:
[ ] Ranging far ahead of the convoy
- With the Knights of Taal's Fury
[ ] Scouting near the convoy
- With the Winter Wolves

Other:
[ ] Visit Uzkulak, the Chaos Dwarf equivalent to Barak Varr
[ ] Visit the combes that Qrech told you about


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- I didn't have a vote for what approach to take with Karak Vlag because none would have achieved better than this, and Mathilde has a lifetime of knowing how to manage paranoia. Any approach that might work would have been tried by Daemonettes under glamours at some point in the past two centuries; that there are still Dwarves here indicates that they didn't believe it then, and so they won't believe it now - at least not in any hurry. The best approach is to leave the Dwarves in peace to glare suspiciously out the front doors for a while.
- Mathilde will restore the flow from the Waystone at the beginning of the next update.
  </body>
</html>