<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 6: Unfurling Wings</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 6: Unfurling Wings</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><i>GM NOTE: I think I got everything. Lemme know if I didn't!</i>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Unfurling Wings<br/>
+002.M42+<br/>
+<i>Faith Is Purest When It Is Unquestioning!</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
The first year of the forty second millennium passes simultaneously fast and slowly. It is agonizing.<br/>
<br/>
Part of you strains to raise up the chapter and make all haste towards Cadia and all the other battlegrounds being fought as the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade continues to pour forth from the Eye. To bring the might of the Blood Ravens against the Black Legion and all the other traitors there to prove yourselves. To strike out at the taint in the galaxy with genuine and full force without the trappings of the corruption that Kyras had slowly slipped into the chapter for so long. The warrior demands battle and it is a struggle to restrain it even as you hungrily search for reports and rumor as to what has and is happening in that distant war. A special iota of attention is kept on any mention of your own chapter and thus Aramus and his Penitents.<br/>
<br/>
Yet the greater part of you knows the duty before you. The Blood Ravens cannot serve the Emperor if they are all dead and dying so soon after your ragged victory and purge. Would it be better to sacrifice the whole of the chapter in cleansing flame or to allow Aramus his penitence in payment for allowing the Blood Ravens to once more grow strong? Before you were a Chapter Master, you were a Captain, and there you well learned the lesson you put into practice here. You are not a young Assault Marine ready to dive into battle heedless of any and all consequences other than the death of the enemy. You have a responsibility to the bigger picture and the chapter to lead them <i>well</i>, which will therefore mean that sometimes that you will not lead them into battles. Wounds must heal, ranks must be refilled.<br/>
<br/>
It is with that thought in mind that you order Cyrus to bring his discerning eye to Meridian once more - . The last marine to come from the Hive World in the past seven centuries was Thaddeus Rex and though the young marine proved himself time and again during the Aurelian Crusades he nonetheless was tainted alongside his commanding officer unlike the others who accompanied Aramus. Even so, after the continued ravages of traitor and xenos upon the world there is perhaps a chance that the populace has lost the softness normally associated with Hive Worlds. Perhaps even then Kyras was involved in ensuring that the planet was not recruited from but that would go into the bounds of nigh Inquisitorial paranoia and you need no such self-created mental pressures.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>
[Meridian Blood Trials: 82+5=87/100]​</div> <br/>
Cyrus grunted as he looked on dispassionately upon the corpses strewn across the haphazard arena the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had crafted. In the distant past a pair of Space Marines had been present at all times with rotating shifts lasting months over the Meridian Arena. Just as there is an arena on every Recruiting World of the chapter. Unfortunately, the Meridian Arena had been destroyed during the purge, one more sacred place to the Blood Ravens destroyed by the traitors within. As such this new one constructed atop one of the spires of a fully deceased noble family was seeing blood spilt upon it for the first time. He had delved deep into Meridian in search of recruits but the chances of replicating Captain Thule’s meeting with Thaddeus revealing a noble and courageous heart in time of crisis was essentially nil.<br/>
<br/>
Even so.<br/>
<br/>
Five young men gasped for air as they staggered and forced themselves to stay standing, and to Cyrus’s surprise only three of them were from the Underhive. Two of them were of all things the children of some of the Hive’s nobility. Distant, distant children of course, no heirs were present. But for all that they were of so called noble blood Cyrus had shown them no preferential treatment. The noble blood of mortals did not matter to a Space Marine. Blood coated them and he refrained from commenting on how they could have used weapons with greater ease and that some would have likely benefitted from more aggression rather than defensiveness. But they were but Aspirants. If, <i>if</i> they managed to survive the process into becoming Scout Marines, he would speak to them further.<br/>
<br/>
As it was, he gave a single nod of his head and let his better students begin walking forward to take the last of his crop into the waiting Thunderhawks.<br/>
<br/>
For a world that had seen only one successful recruit in seven hundred years, forty total Aspirants were better than he had ever suspected. Perhaps losing a full third of the world’s populace to the ravages of Chaos and xenos had benefitted it more than Cyrus had initially thought.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet</u><br/>
Strike Cruisers: Faith's Horizon, Ravenous Spirit, Spiraling Fury<br/>
3 Escorts<br/>
Gains: 40 Blood Raven Aspirants</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================<br/>
<br/>
[Specialist Search – Apothecaries: 55/100]<br/>
[Specialist Search – Tech-Marines: 16/100]<br/>
[Specialist Search – Chaplains: 94/100]​</div> <br/>
You cannot neglect the more specialized portions of the chapter, of course.<br/>
<br/>
With the favor of the Emperor, amongst your newest fully ranked brothers there is one found who turns out to have <i>some</i> aptitude at the duties of the apothecaries. The young brother Marius is quickly inducted into the ranks but training shall take time of course for all the knowledge and skills to be properly passed on. It is not the greatest crop of potential apothecaries of course but it is better than none. It is certainly better than your search for those who may aid Martellus in his duties in that there are <i>none</i> found to have the specific kind of connection to the machines that Martellus demands of any who would join him in the forges. A brother is already training there however which somewhat salves the disappointment.<br/>
<br/>
Truly, however, you are graced by your search for those who could take up the incredibly weighty mantle of chaplain. You cannot search amongst the new in this, and instead must look to those who have fought for the chapter for many a battle. Only those with badges denoting their merit and devoutness may even be <i>considered</i> for this. Ironically enough Apollo possesses these and if he had the mind for it to strip himself of all identity and become a chaplain you might have seen him become one but that is thoughts for another time. Instead it is from the First Company with its mighty veterans that you recruit from. And from the First Company comes a full four individuals selected by the Master of Sanctity to be capable of joining the ranks of his brotherhood.<br/>
<br/>
They go with your blessing.<br/>
<br/>
<b>1 Apothecary Recruit Found: Brother Medici – Training to Complete in 007.M42<br/>
0 Tech-Marine Recruits Found<br/>
4 Chaplain Recruits Found: Brother Tarion, Augustine, Ravias, Antonius – Training To Complete In 007.M42<br/>
-4 Veterans of 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company<br/>
-1 Battle Brother of 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================<br/>
<br/>
[Integration: 50/100]​</div> <br/>
The First Company is meant to be the highest premier fighting force in the whole of the chapter. The fact that they have not responded entirely with favor towards their comparatively inexperienced Captain is therefore not outside of your expectations. He is to their minds quite untested indeed and there is little that can be done for such a situation other than to let him prove himself or fail in shame. Still, you do what you can to try and mesh the commander and his troops together. In these dark days for the Chapter you simply <i>cannot afford</i> to allow dissension to fester in any shape and form. Your words are taken in, you see this, but whether or not it will <i>sink</i> into their hearts and minds is another question entirely.<br/>
<br/>
At the least, by the end of the year after several observed training exercises the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company is at least not disparaging their Captain out <i>loud</i>. Or at least within earshot of you or the Captain himself. It is not a perfect solution, of course. No, that shall only come when Crixus fights in a true battle alongside them.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================<br/>​</div>You are running ever lower on Recruiting Worlds it seems, and thus one of the only possible recourses is to pursue new ones. The only issue of course being that being allowed to recruit from a world is a matter that takes negotiations with the Administratum, Mechanicus, and so on and so forth. This is likely due to how a consistent presence of the Space Marines will paint a large target on said world for any foe willing to tangle with the Emperor’s Finest. Also how this will mean adroit calculus to determine population changes necessary to function with the methods of recruitment, and a great number of purely bureaucratic issues which you grow to hate with a considerable amount of force by the time it is all said and done. Luckily at least you’ve recently shored up your relations with the local Mechanicus establishment.<br/>
<br/>
Two of the worlds you look into are within Subsector Aralakh which has been the bastion of the Order of the Lost Rosetta since before you even joined the Blood Ravens, while the third is Agrax III, a Deathworld within Subsector Krasus. Deathworlds are sure to produce strong potential recruits, and they are also for the most part undesired by anyone else save for perhaps the Imperial Guard. One only needs to look towards Catachan to see the truth of <i>that</i> matter. Of all of these the most controversial request is certainly your cautious question towards recruiting upon Saintsfall, the effective homeworld of the Order of the Lost Rosetta. They only recruit women, however, and so the idea is present that perhaps the other half of the populace may be worthy of induction into the space marines?<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">[Mechanicus Approval: Rolls Waived Due To Current Relations]<br/>
[Administratum Approval: 55, 76, 56]<br/>
[Lost Rosetta Approval: 4/100]​</div> <br/>
The results…are not encouraging. The Administratum dresses up their answers in flowery words and ‘heartfelt’ apologies but the end result is a cold one. Junius, first world you asked of cannot be allocated to you at this time. The reasoning about amounts to ‘because’ but you cannot afford in your fragile relationship with the Empire to truly press things. Saintsfall is another story entirely. The Order of the Lost Rosetta is quite unhappy with your request though at least some of their generally sour mood likely comes from the repairs and final clearing efforts they have been making against the tyranids which struck that world. <i>All</i> on that world are theirs and the Emperors, the men who cannot be recruiting into their Order instead becoming effective support staff, priests, servants, messengers, and so on and so forth. The whole of the world revolves around the Lost Rosetta and that you apparently attempted to infringe on this has set the already volatile tempers of the Sisters to sparking. The last detail of which makes sense – as Saintsfall is where Saint Tevalia <i>died</i> and is thus one of the holiest sites of their Order save for the Burial World for the Saint for whom the Order is based around.<br/>
<br/>
Most stingingly, they ‘happened’ to refer to your request as a more polite version of what was exchanged between the rarely lamented Captain Boreale and his strikes against the Sisters of Battle during the Kaurava campaign. You apparently underestimated the repercussions of Boreale leading the Blood Ravens into battle against both Guard <i>and</i> Sisters.<br/>
<br/>
Finally, Agrax III was refused to you. This was not because of some arbitrary reason but instead <i>politics</i>. That was always more Kyras’s game than yours, honestly. The Guard and Navy do not wish to have their authority and presence compromised by losing out on a world within the heart of the Sector and so have lobbied against your attempts to gain a foothold and therefore discredit them and bring ruination unto the Imperium. Or at least that is how they seem to perceive your request.<br/>
<br/>
Lovely.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Investigation Complete: All 3 worlds are barred to the Blood Ravens. Junius may become an option if continual pressure is applied. Saintsfall, and <i>all</i> of System Romana is claimed by right for the Lost Rosetta. Lost Rosetta quite unhappy with your request, ripple effect of Kaurava Campaign Revealed – Sister’s of Battle factionwide unhappy with Blood Ravens due to slights and slain delivered by Captain Boreale. Relations with Order of Lost Rosetta Revealed To Be ‘Suspect’, not Honored! Guard and Navy have blocked attempts for Agrax III due to perceived endangerment of political power and status!</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================<br/>​</div>“Colonel Merrik,” you smile as you step off the Thunderhawk to greet the man.<br/>
<br/>
He is one of the most highly regarded mortals you think the Blood Ravens have ever found, with universal approval from Cyrus to Apollo. You consider such reports as you flick your gaze upon the man and examine the carapace armor wearing mortal up and down. Hefting a rather heavy looking plasma gun with ease, he appears to have barely changed from how he looked as a sergeant so long ago. Even the green face-paint is still there. Behind him lies the Guard troops he leads, all running through a rather grueling series of obstacles and firing exercises that you even you respectable. For Guardsmen, that is. It seems the faith of your brother’s was not misplaced.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master Angelos,” he almost bows to you before reconsidering and saluting. “What can the 85<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> do for you?”<br/>
<br/>
“The Blood Ravens are going into battle again, and we would know if the Guard would fight alongside us once more.”<br/>
<br/>
You blink at his suddenly feral grin.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, my Lord Angelos, you have no idea how happy I am that you came to tell us that.”<br/>
<br/>
“You don’t even know what the we will be facing,” you point out but Merrick only shakes his head and points at his troops – those that he can within reasonable range.<br/>
<br/>
“These boys have been itching to get into a fight again. Ever since the Blood Ravens steamed through the Underhive and cleared out, well, <i>everything</i>, they’re starting to go stir-crazy. The Administratum was making noises about sending us towards Cadia to fight the Black Crusade but if you say that there’s something closer to home that needs fighting the 85<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> will be there, you can bet on it.”<br/>
<br/>
“Truly?”<br/>
<br/>
He snorts.<br/>
<br/>
“We’re the Imperial Guard. We go where we’re told, we fight what we’re told to fight, and we get the job done. <i>Intel</i> is optional.”<br/>
<br/>
“Then prepare yourselves, for in two years we shall move towards Trontiux II to clear it of the great Ork WAAAGH! there that is threatening the Knights who stand steward there.<br/>
<br/>
Colonel Merrik spits to the side and nods.<br/>
<br/>
“We’ll be there.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>85th Vendoland Shall Support the Blood Ravens against Trontiux II’s Orks!</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div>The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Meridian Consolidated are far less ready to leap into action alongside you. Their current command squad is divided between numerous mortals who had grown used to commanding their old regiments before it was all merged together and as such there is no small amount of friction there. The Colonel in command of <i>them</i>, a sharp faced woman by the name of Tavi – in honor of the Saint Taviana – almost refused your request outright. Not for the reasons one might expect but she sincerely wishes to try and actually unify her regiment before throwing them into battle. Especially against such a potentially terrible battlefield as Aerus. Even so however you would not be dissuaded. Especially as it is your opinion that one of the best ways to work out the ‘kinks’ – her words not yours – is to go into battle and allow the forge of war bind them.<br/>
<br/>
A reminder of all the Blood Ravens have done for Meridian in the end seals the deal and she unhappily agrees to support those you send to Aerus next year.<br/>
<br/>
<b>1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Meridian Consolidated Agrees To Assist Against Aerus, Favor Used Up!</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================<br/>
[Training With Apollo – Agility From 4 to 5: 97+29=126/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Toughness: 91+Tarkus(25)=116/600]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill: 74+Macharius(25)=99/400]​</div> <br/>
The bionics groan as you continue to sprint along the corridor of the Litany of Fury, your hands flashing in time with the training blade you use to just barely bat away Apollo’s strikes. You fail more than you succeed though part of that is most certainly due to his own incredible skills. It still frustrates you but every increment of speed you force upon your body and the machinery within remains there at the end of it. It is slow progress but it is that not the point of this? You cannot allow yourself to stop, to cease training your body. Not until you are at least as you were before you were almost slain upon Cyrene.<br/>
<br/>
And as you train, so too does your chapter.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus is one of the most resilient marines you’ve ever seen in all your years. The tales of his refusal to fall no matter the fire levied against him during the Aurelian Crusades whether under his original name or the moniker of The Ancient are legendary amongst the Blood Ravens new and old. It was even remarked in one of the rare reports that are not locked away under a seal of shame by Aramus that he regarded Tarkus as the more durable between them – and <i>that</i> was from a brother who had been struck full on by the Wailing Doom of an Avatar of Khaine and the blade of Ulkair and kept fighting on regardless. His attempts to pass on that innate characteristic are brutal and unkind, yet effective. Beatings and blank bolter rounds are put against the flesh of the marines of the chapter for as Tarkus informs you the only way to be as he is…is to experience what it is to be struck until all natural law demands you fall yet remain standing in the Emperor’s name.<br/>
<br/>
Brother Macharius, as it turns out, is a cold teacher as he calmly cuffs heads with enough force to crack a human skull whenever the shooting is off by a hair of accuracy. He demands excellence from all those you put before him and this even includes the scouts and aspirants as they are dragged to the ranges. The First Company acquits itself well but that is to be expected all things considered.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================<br/>​</div>In the depths of the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i>, Test-Slaves are created. Culled from the prisons of Meridian and placed into the gestation chambers, their only purpose will be to generate gene-seed. Luckily, as they are not your brothers and would never be worthy of such, you can harvest both of the gene-seeds that will gestate within them and the destruction of their minds and sanities will be of no real consequence. Of course, the apothecaries shall keep watch with regular visits by the chaplains as well to ensure there is no corruption that may or may not seep in. With the Test-Slaves readied, all that awaits is your decision to implant them and how much shall be implanted. You would then have to wait at least a half decade to reap the rewards from them, of course, and that means gene-seed that would not be implanted into those scouts who are worthy of promotion to battle brothers.<br/>
<br/>
In the depths of the forges, on the other hand, Martellus weaves a bounty of technology for the services of the chapter. Each one is given his personal stamp of approval, and though he occasionally mutters about Typhon his two younger peers are nonetheless still tireless in their work alongside him without complaint of any kind.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Added to Chapter Armory<br/>
2x Razorback with Twin-Linked Assault Cannons (90BP)<br/>
Land Speeder Tempest (45BP)<br/>
5x Plasma Pistol (20BP)<br/>
Power Fist (5BP)<br/>
3x Tarantula Sentry Gun - Hyperion AA (30BP)<br/>
3x Tarantula Sentry Gun - Twin-Linked Lascannons (30BP)<br/>
3x Tarantula Sentry Gun - Twin-Linked Assault Cannons (30BP)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] OATHBOUND MISSION - Securing Aerus: A lost Forgeword has been rediscovered. Reclamation efforts will be difficult and deadly. And yet you are oath-sworn to your allies in Zerann to aid them in this. It is now time to determine what troops you shall send, and do so with the knowledge that the 1st Meridian Consolidated shall fight alongside you here. (Write-In Who/What is Sent) <b>Must Be Selected</b><br/>
[] Recall Brothers In The Deathwatch<br/>
- (Specify In Write-In)<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
(LOCKED UNTIL TURN SEVEN) Trontiux II Intervention: A massive force of orks has arisen on the Knight World of Trontiux II. Alone they will fall. Together you may push back the green tide.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
[] Agility<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter [Choose One]</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed.<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos </u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos and Chief Librarian Probalis are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> doing nothing.<br/>
- You are slow. This must no longer be. Your agility <i>must</i> be bettered, you cannot allow these bionics to slow you forever! - While your Chapter rebuilds, it may be time to consider rebuilding the amount of Gene-Seed you possess through faster means i.e. test-slaves now that the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> has been repaired.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus </u><br/>
- We are in dire need for more gene-seed!<br/>
- If we could better understand our gene-seed, perhaps we could better improve survival rates for implantation?<br/>
- The Apothecarium really does need more, well, Apothecaries.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (250 BP Available)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- While the Chapter’s numbers remain as they are, we should turn to the Tarantula Turret. It can hold the positions we simply do not have the numbers to hold. They certainly held up quite well when I was alone on Typhon against everything that world threw against me.<br/>
- We need a bit of everything when it comes to equipment these days.</div>
  </body>
</html>