<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 17.5 - 2478 - Collegiate Interlude</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 17.5 - 2478 - Collegiate Interlude</h2>


Spoiler: Winning Vote



[*] Four Months
[*] Intrigue and Tradecraft. (locked in)
[*] The Nature of Ulgu
[*] Spells of Grey Magic
[*] Enchantment



Once, you were a peasant girl who had known only the crude huts of her village; once, you were an apprentice that had a very small cell to herself with a hard bed and a tiny stove and a pet cat called Morr. But since then you have known both castles and tents, manors and barracks. You've experienced the best taverns of Wurtbad and the Moot and passed out in dingy roadside inns after a day of hard riding. The cell you're given as a graduating journeyman fails to appear on either extreme of your jaded palate. The bed is small but comfortable, there's a well-ventilated hearth, and there's a rope that can be pulled to summon one of the College staff, though it is a privilege very easily revoked if abused.

Once more, you sink back into the hidden ecosystem of Collegiate life. A bustling staff of people whose job titles could be found nowhere but in a college exists everywhere you look; bedels and bursars and proctors and porters and provosts and dozens of other highly-specialized roles. The Wizards, too, shrug off the ranks of the outer world; nobody is introduced as Magister or Lord Magister here, but instead by the role they play in The Faculty. Professors and Readers and Lecturers and Docents and Tutors, and parallel to them, the librarians and curators. All of this exists primarily to impart knowledge to those such as you.

It would be humbling, if you had time to think about it. But you don't. Four months, you've decided on - two to both practical and theoretical Ulgu, one to adding to your grasp of enchantment, and one dedicated to one-on-one tutoring with your Master as you go over the sudden and almost universally fatal disassembly of the organisation that once pulled your strings.

---

The College operates on an apprentice system, but you never before realized how restricted that was to those below the rank of Magister. Once one reaches that rank, learning opportunities cease to come at the whim of your Master or the harried and hollow-eyed Substitutes that stand in when said Master is off doing gods only know what; they lie thick as autumn leaves and every time you stop to scoop one up three more have fluttered away. You cram your schedule; a lecture here, a dissertation there, an experiment on the nature of Ulgu when transmitted through various gases on the side and always plenty of library time as you try to use books to cement the gaps between the knowledge snatched from this dizzying array. It's not until several days in that you realize you can talk to those giving the presentations - not during them, of course, but you can ambush them in the hallway or track down their office and nine times in ten they're delighted to have someone to talk the ear off about their latest pet project.

What you quickly learn is though you don't quite have the proper vocabulary of jargon, you do have a grasp of the nature of Ulgu that matches many and exceeds some that are giving these lectures; the conversations you have are interesting but often not educational, as those giving the talks spend several hours to get to a point that you grasp on an instinctive level. Still, it does help to better understand the underpinnings of the conclusions you reach without thought, which leads you to be better able to apply your magical insight. And you turn this newly strengthened insight on possibly the most important lessons of all: learning new spells.

It's one-on-one, of course, and in a specially warded and reinforced room to hopefully minimize disaster, but you absorb knowledge at an impressive rate and shape the illusions as fast as they are taught to you. Mutable Visage is the instant makeover of a more materialistic girl's dreams, and Eye of the Beholder is focused around the mental manipulations you've used so well with Mindhole. With those absorbed in a few days apiece, your Master decides you might have earned something a bit more difficult, and the much more complicated structure of Mockery of Death is revealed to you. It takes twice as long, but as before, your intuitive grasp of Ulgu makes learning the spells straightforward, so your Master decides to push you further than ever before. Substance of Shadow, a spell with frankly astounding possibilities, is laid down before you, and your Master sits back to watch if you'll rise once more to the occassion.

It's an observation you've made before: either because of your country background or some personal quirk, to you, Ulgu is more fog than shadow. Mastering a spell explicitly based around the shadow aspects of Ulgu presents some difficulty because of this; it just doesn't instinctively mesh in the way that's so familiar to you. Days turn to weeks as you try to visualize the strange warping of reality that the spell causes, until you finally reach a breakthrough that changes everything: shadow is the gate through which fog travels and changes states. A person or object passes through the ensorcelled shadow, and becomes not just invisible but also intangible until the spell runs its course or the person or object is illuminated. They are converted to an energy pattern not unlike fog which travels through the medium of shadow until ejected.

From there, it's still most of a fortnight until you finally manage the spell, but it's with a glowing sense of accomplishment that you watch your Master confirm that the test crate has been converted to an ephemeral state.

[Theoretical Ulgu: Learning, 39+18=47]
[Windreader trait gains an additional +1 Learning]
[Practical Ulgu: Learning, 84+19=102]
[Rolling...]
[Eye of the Beholder learned!]
[Mutable Visage learned!]
[Mockery of Death learned!]
[Substance of Shadow learned!]
[Sufficient spells learned - magic level has increased!]

---

At first, you thought that there'd been some mistake and one of the College staff was cleaning the room, but before you can embarass yourself you realize that the man in front of you is your teacher, and he has eschewed the robes of office as unnecessary forewarning to those he hunts. He introduces himself as Mr Grey, which is possibly the worst alias you've ever encountered, and he explains his purpose here today: to break you of your reliance on the trappings of enchantment paraphernalia. You think he's going to teach you new enchanting techniques, and you smile in anticipation.

Except what he actually teaches you is a suite of very specialized spells to do all the things your tools normally would. Ways of concentrating Ulgu to bend, reflect, or refract light, ways to craft very small and immobile illusions that act as lenses, a variant on the shadowknife he called a 'shadowchisel' to carve runes, a way of creating an illusory box that will allow sunlight in but not out, and a wide lens to concentrate a large area of sunlight into it, to build a tiny solar forge. All things that could be done significantly easier with your current workshop, and you do somewhat resent that he's presenting this to you after the time and effort you spent getting your hands on the items of your workshop.

That said, you do pick up a lot of general knowledge about the art of enchantment along the way, and feel you're that much closer to reaching new heights of possibilities.

[Enchantment Training: Learning, 96+19=115
[Rolling...]
[Trait Gained: Tool-Free Enchanting! (Possibility 4 of 6)]

---

The final quarter of your study is entirely between you and your Master: the postmortem of the organization that you helped your Master to take apart. You sit together by a fire, waiting for him to begin.

And waiting.

You clear your throat.

"My student," he says, apparently apropos of nothing, "tell me what you know of the highest level of secrecy ratings."

The sudden swerve in topic comes as a surprise, but you're used to thinking on your feet."Not much," you say. "It's when something is considered so secret that you're not even allowed to reveal that-" you pause, realising, and then continue the sentence "-that there is anything to be classified."

"Correct," he says. The fire crackles as your Master stares into it, perhaps weighing how much could be communicated versus the danger in doing so. Then, he sighs. "Your progress is satisfactory. Return to your studies."

There are no studies to return to; you earmarked this time for your lessons with your Master. But now there's nothing to discuss. Now, even filling that time gap could disturb the layer of secrecy that has apparently been put into place. It's immensely frustrating, but there's little you can do about it. When this level of secrecy is invoked, a month of learning is but the tiniest of sacrifices that can and will be made to it. You burn with curiosity as to what could have caused this, and it's likely you'll never know.

Unless, of course, it blows up in everyone's face.

[Internalizing Intrigue: 1]

---

It is the beginning of what promises to be a long and exhausting process, and it begins, apparently, with you sitting at a desk and table in the center of an otherwise unadorned room, watched intently by a Proctor. You stare down at the sheet of paper; you scan the questions on it, you double-check the name at the top to make sure that you've got the right page, and yes, you're being asked to report on your own loyalties. That strikes you as somehow deeply unfair, and it's just the start.

---

To the best of your knowledge, assess Journeywoman Mathilde Weber's level of dedication to a) the Grey College; b) the Empire; and c) humanity, factoring in her beliefs and motivations as well as any ties that bind her to the well-being of the above.

[ ] (write in; can either be Mathilde's words verbatim or an outline of what she says)


In the space below, describe your plans for the next five years (should you reach Magisterial rank).

[ ] Seeking employ as an advisor to an Elector of the Empire.
[ ] Seeking employ as an advisor in one of the Dwarfholds.
[ ] Seeking adventure in the Zhufbar expeditions into Karak Varn.
[ ] Seeking adventure in Belegar Ironhammer's reconquest of Karak Eight Peaks.
[ ] Seeking adventure as a mercenary, ideally with Asarnil the Dragonlord, and possibly build a Mercenary Company of your own.
[ ] Seeking adventure as the second coming of Nagash, searching for ways to overcome the final enemy of life. (you won't actually write this on the paper, but choose it if this is what you want Mathilde to do)
[ ] Seeking knowledge by building a branch campus of the Grey College in Stirland, possibly on your estate.
[ ] Seeking knowledge by investigating the phenomena and manifestations of Sylvania.


And, finally, Should you reach Magisterial rank, you are expected to contribute to the wellbeing of the Grey College in the manner/s of your choosing. Select all of the below Collegiate Responsibilities that you are willing and able to perform.

(omitting those you're unable to do or are ill-suited to any of your future plans)
[ ] Enchantment Commissions (payment in cash)
[ ] Enchantment Services (payment in College rep)
[ ] Lectures and Demonstrations
[ ] Tutoring
[ ] Taking on Apprentices
[ ] Interrogation
[ ] Research and Development (thaumaturgical) (ie. stuff derived from Shyish-Kebabs and Qhaysh juice)
[ ] Research and Cataloguing (biological)
[ ] Being available to investigate reports of unsanctioned magic-users.
[ ] Being available to intervene in matters of great import as needed


- This is your eviction notice from limbo. It's time to choose what the future will hold for this quest. If your plans take you out of Stirland, you'll have a turn to wrap everything up so that it can continue and survive in your absence.
- Keep in mind that while 'stay in one place and do nothing but research for the next half decade' might be a valid career option for Mathilde Weber, it would be really boring for both you, the reader and quester, and I, the writer and QM.
- There isn't a 'wrong' choice for your career from the perspective of the Grey College. Each serves the Empire's purposes.
- This was written as a whopper of a sleep debt started catching up with me so I apologize for any weirdly purple prose or grammar oddities.
- If you've got a different idea for a direction for Mathilde's adventure to go in, chime in.
- Nothing is in plans, just check whatever boxes you like. Sorry for the five or six times I changed my mind on how to do this; if there's anything left in the old formats when it comes time to tally I'll add them to the tallies manually.
  </body>
</html>