<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 5 - 2472</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 5 - 2472</h2>
[*] [Report] We've established a network of informants reporting to us from Wurtbad itself and in the surrounding villages. We should pick up on anyone setting up operations outside of town, unusual travelers, and people hiring on local help for illicit activities. That's not going to catch every vampire or spy coming into town but it should catch the overconfident, careless, or unlucky.

[*] [Solo] We can write to the Grey College requesting intelligence on his new prospects, though actually travelling to Altdorf to investigate them would leave Stirland without a spymaster for quite a while. There's no guarantee they'll give us anything useful, but we'll be writing them anyway because there's a killer illusion-snake trying to murder us. He shouldn't need to worry about that, but if we're found dead with two suspicious puncture holes in the corpse, he should probably check whether it's vampire fangs or giant snake fangs before making assumptions.

[*] [Options] Plan League or Network
-[*] The disappearance of your predecessor is very concerning, especially since he's actively trying to sabotage the hunt for him. He must be found, and I've got a lead: Julbach.
--[*] Capture of our predecessor could lead to taking over the Stirlandian League for purposes of spying, and give us knowledge of his past actions and whether he's involved with any other threats.
-[*] The Stirlandian League is a cancer eating at Stirland's economy, and it can be destroyed now that we have the ledgers.
--[*] The former spymaster has been acting against us. He probably still controls his spies in the league. Destroying it now would deprive of him of valuable resources, but may also destroy possible leads on his location
-[*] I've got a whole bunch of friends now, but I could always use more!
--[*] If the Count wants Wurtbad truly locked down, we can focus on expanding and deepening our local network.
--[*] Our current network is focused around the Wurtbad area. If suspicious activity happens farther afield we don't have any sources in place to let us know.
--[*] We know that at least one Von Carstein is active. If they focus on the nobility we'll want eyes on Stirland's prominent families.

---

This meeting of the Council is a lot less subdued than the last one, though the seat that de Verezzo once filled remains unfilled. Without the Professor's droning to begin the round of reports, Anton jumps in to fill the silence before it has a chance to extend awkwardly. "As you're aware, your Grace, the new Count von Stolpe is settling in well. Maksim is delighted to get out of his older brother's shadow, and has already begun to send back-taxes to make up for what Petr didn't pay. That said, he probably won't be able to change the deadlock of infighting in Southern Stirland without help."

LEICHEBURG LOYALTY: SECURED

Van Hal sighs. "Something to deal with another day. Right now, between the Knights of Morr and Count von Stolpe, I have agreeable vassals along most of the Sylvanian border. All that's missing is Langwald and Drebkau. Get in touch with..."

There's a moment of hesitation, and Anton steps in. "Count Haupt of Steinbachthal and Count Toppenheimer of Hornau."

Van Hal frowns. "Haupt. Any relation to my predecessors?"

"Only very distantly, and there was a great deal of tension between the Haupts and the Haupt-Anderssens before the latter went extinct."

Van Hal looks down and traces a line down the map. "Get in touch with them. If Langwald and Drebkau can be fortified, Leicheburg can be turned into the new garrison for the Army of Stirland and the border will be secured." He considers the map broodingly for another moment. "Wilhelmina, news?"

"Back-taxes have started flowing in," she says, "and nobody else is putting up a fight about it like von Stolpe did. Either nobody else realizes we were missing the ledgers, or they took heed of the lesson." She looks from Van Hal to you and back again, looking uncomfortable for a moment, then moves on. "The treasury should soon start increasing, despite the climb in expenditures."

"Good. Continue working on it, the money will start flowing out again soon." Wilhelmina looks pained, but nods.

WEALTH OF STIRLAND: Poor.
INCOME OF STIRLAND: Mediocre.

"Brother Kasmir, how is the spiritual health of the castle?"

"Among the servants, Sigmar is not as venerated as I would prefer, but Morr and Shallya fill the void. More concerning is the state of the souls of the Greatswords - they have not had a chaplain assigned to them in some time, and though I could find no worship of proscribed cults, there is no central uniting faith among them. The closest is Ulricans, but they only make up a third - the rest are Sigmarites, Myrmidians, Morrites and Verenans." He shakes his head sadly. "The rift between the Sigmarites and the previous rulers of Stirland left the Army without spiritual guidance. I can only hope that I continue to find no evidence of heresy among them."

CASTLE SERVANT FAITH: Primarily Morrite and Shallyan.
GREATSWORD FAITH: Heavily mixed. Ulrican, Sigmarite, Myrmidians, Morrites, Verenans.
ARMY OF STIRLAND FAITH: Unguided.

"Worse than I'd hoped, but better than I feared," Van Hal says. "I'll talk with Markus about the Greatswords, you take care of the army. Liaise with the Sigmarites, send off to Altdorf if you have to. I want at least a chaplain for every cohort in the Army proper. They'll report to you. Ensure that the Army's faith is equal to that of the task ahead of them."

Kasmir seems pleased at his orders, in a grim sort of way.

"Herr Schultz, any problems with the granary?"

"None, your grace. I've turned it over to Frau Hochschild's authority, and I understand it is gradually filling with grains from taxes paid in kind."

EAGLE CASTLE: Granary added.

"Excellent. For now, the defences of Eagle Castle will have to prove sufficient. I'm sending you to Central Stirland, I want you to review the defences of the villages of Swartzhafen and Drebkau. If they're walled, I want to know how feasible improving those walls would be. If they're not, we'll have to organize a corvée to raise mottes and baileys, so survey for suitable sites." He looks at the map, measuring distances with his fingers, and grimaces. "It's about 80 miles from Langwald to Leicheberg, but to go by road means having to circle all the way around and through the Moot. Once you've seen to the villages, you are to survey the area so we can begin work to drive a road between the two."

Schultz pales. "Your grace, that area of the province-"

Van Hal's eyes narrow. "I'm aware. You'll have troops assigned to you."

Schultz's mouth opens, then closes again. Van Hal turns to you, his expression softening.

"We've established a network of informants reporting to us from Wurtbad itself and in the surrounding villages," you say proudly. "We should pick up on anyone setting up operations outside of town, unusual travelers, and people hiring on local help for illicit activities. That's not going to catch every vampire or spy coming into town but it should catch the overconfident, careless, or unlucky."

"Including Julbach?" Van Hal asks.

"Yes. Biderhof is the most agreeable of the villages, but the headmans of Julbach and Tarshof have both fallen into line."

He looks down at the document you prepared for him, and considers the options. Uncharacteristic indecision twists his face into a grimace, and in the end he sighs. "Widen the local network. Wurtbad is the administrative center of Stirland, we cannot allow it to be compromised - especially with the Army of Stirland to be based out of the south."

---

Your now-customary post-council meeting with Van Hal opens as per usual, with him barely looking up from his desk as you enter. It seems like every time you come in here, there's more papers stacked up.

"So," he says, signing one document and putting it on a pile seemingly identical to all the others. "Will you have a chance to look into the replacements for the Professor, do you think?"

You nod. "One way or the other. I can write to the Grey College requesting intelligence on his new prospects, or I can personally travel to Altdorf to investigate them, though doing so would leave Stirland without a spymaster for a while."

"I'd prefer for you to do so in person, if possible," he says, pouring drinks for the two of you. This time, you expect the burning of the Ostland liquor, and welcome it. "Do you keep correspondence open with your alma mater?"

"Letters every now and then. I'll have been getting in touch with them this year anyway because there's a killer illusion-snake trying to murder me."

Van Hal's mug was halfway to his lips when you said that, and he lowers it back down onto the desk and gives you a flat look. "What have you been getting up to," he asks - he doesn't quite growl, but there's a hint of it in his voice.

"Nothing recently," you assure him. "This is from back when I was still getting a hold on Ulgu."

"And it didn't occur to you to tell me there was a Thorned One pursuing you?"

"You know of it?" you ask, hopefully.

"Barely. I once pursued an artist-cult that worshipped it as their muse. In the end, I only got the snake's leftovers, and they would have been for the asylum if they had escaped the pyre." You sigh, disappointed, and he shakes his head at you. "A Thorned One. And you're only just sending letters home to ask for advice."

"I've been busy," you say defensively.

He smiles and shakes his head again. "If there's a solution to the snake I can help with, let me know. Anyway, there's something I'd like your thoughts on. This whole business with our predecessors - we've barely scratched the surface, I realize, but I'd like to know what your gut is saying. Were they in league with whatever accursed Von Carstein is haunting Sylvania, or merely aligned with it? Is it a priority to root out the remnants, or to repair the damage they've done?

"And this business with the Stirlandian League."  He finishes his drink, grimacing. "I'm still undecided on what direction to take with them. I'm new to the title, but as an Elector Count, the thought of giving de facto immunity to those that would avoid paying the taxes and tolls Stirland needs is galling. But as a Witch Hunter, I'm quite familiar with the concept of a lesser evil. I'd like to hear your opinion on the matter."

---

[ ] Weigh in - write-ins justifying a decision will have much greater weight. No action point expenditure; these are not actions, just giving your opinion to Van Hal. Choose one from each pair, or write in variations.
-[ ] PREDECESSOR LOYALTY: Their self-serving nature and incompetence only gave the Von Carsteins an opportunity.
-[ ] PREDECESSOR LOYALTY: I believe that they were truly suborned by the Von Carsteins.
-[ ] PREDECESSOR APPROACH: The damage is done; we must repair it.
-[ ] PREDECESSOR APPROACH: The rot lives on; we must excise it.
-[ ] STIRLANDIAN LEAGUE: Do not clasp the snake to your bosom. Destroy the League.
-[ ] STIRLANDIAN LEAGUE: Do not waste such a potent resource. Claim the League.


PLAN FOR THIS TURN - CHOOSE BETWEEN SIX AND EIGHT. ANY CHOSEN BEYOND THE FIRST SIX WILL COME WITH RISKS.

[ ] As Per Orders: Perform your current assignment.
-[ ] The Wurtbad Watch already has their ear to the ground. Make their information flow to you.
-[ ] Personally vet everyone that works in the castle, and replace everyone you're not sure of the loyalties of.
-[ ] Acquire a copy of Brother Kasmir's report, and confirm everyone is worshipping as they claimed to.
-[ ] Wurtbad, like all major cities, is home to a number of guilds. Reach out to them and enforce your will.
-[ ] There's a vacuum where a dozen trade guilds should be. Found one of your own, and let information and profits flow through you, and see what the Stirlandian League does about it. (warning: expensive, will need Van Hal or Wilhelmina to sign off on it)
-[ ] Much of Western Stirland is under the de facto direct control of the Elector Count. Meet with each of the local leaders and make it clear that you're to be kept in the loop.

[ ] Backtracking and Side Operations:
-[ ] You haven't asked Anton about your predecessor - see if he knows anything useful.
-[ ] The thing you stabbed in the face is still in the cells, and now several others that were found are keeping it company. Examine them, learn from them, see if you can identify them.
-[ ] Van Hal is considering candidates for the post of Marshal, and he has asked you to vet them. Investigate them (choose: in person, via correspondence).
-[ ] A large number of Shyish-stained weapons were uncovered from the Barrow. Perhaps you should:
--[ ] Examine them yourself and see if they're useful, or dangerous, or both.
--[ ] Send them to the Amethyst Order for examination (does not take an action).
--[ ] Allow the Morrites to examine them (does not take an action).
--[ ] Just have them melted down and buried (does not take an action).

[ ] Delegation: Maybe it's time to start being less spy and more master. Though Gods know where you'll find someone competent and trustworthy enough to grant such easily-abusable power. (write in source of potential lieutenants)
[ ] Getting To Know You: Spend time with one of your fellow councillors, offering your help in their task and generally getting a feel for them (choose one).
[ ] Getting To Know You Whether You Like It Or Not: You've been given good reason to mistrust your fellow councillors. Perhaps you should see what they spent their time doing (choose one).
[ ] Sucking Up To The Boss: Normally you'd just go about things and report in to the Elector Count when you've got something major to report. If you instead give him regular reports and updates, it may make him more willing to trust you, and allow you to better get to know him. Opening yourself up to oversight, criticism, and potential micromanagement is a heavy price to pay, though.
[ ] Letters Home: You might be able to wring more information out of your Master, or you might just be able to get news, information and guidance in general from the Grey Order.
[ ] Hang Out A Shingle: Spymasters don't advertise, but wizards sometimes do. Make an official announcement that there's a wizard in residence, and see who comes out of the woodwork.
[ ] Now that you've got gold to throw around, you should stock up on spell components. They're not strictly necessary, but they do make things easier. (-personal gold)

[ ] Self-Improvement: Things have been going well so far, but the skills of a Journeyman Grey Mage can only go so far.
-[ ] Practice, Practice, Practice: Having been thrown into the deep end of imperial politics, it would probably be a good idea to brush up on your skills (choose one).
-[ ] Tutoring: One of your fellow councillors may be willing to teach you in their chosen field (choose who).
-[ ] Pretty Good Swords: You've struck up a friendship with the Champion of the Greatswords and have discovered a talent for wielding them. Continue to cultivate this.
-[ ] Combat Training: You're virtually surrounded by armed warriors of various sorts. See if you can convince one to teach you (choose who).
-[ ] Combat Training, In The Free Market: You haven't made many heavily armed friends yet, but gold is good for that. Go out and buy some training. (-personal gold)
-[ ] You only really kept in practice with a handful of the petty and minor magics you were taught. Maybe you should brush up on the others.
-[ ] You're naturally talented at enchantment; so far, this just amounts to being able to make your desk meow for about an hour. See if you can improve on that, or at least figure out a way to make that useful.

[ ] Home Comforts: Your Palace-Shrine is bursting with potential. And also mud.
-[ ] Diggy Diggy Hole: A wizard wielding a shovel is unnatural, but doing it yourself might be the only way to keep things secret. Clear out a new room of your Palace-Shrine by hand.
-[ ] Diggy Diggy Hole, Outsourced: Pay someone to do the digging, then Mindhole them on their way out. (no action required, -personal gold)
-[ ] Filled with Potential: You've got a room cleared out and ready to be put to use. Decide what you're going to put there. (write in the purpose of the room)

[ ] Research:
-[ ] This is Stirland. Time to bone up on your knowledge of the Undead.
-[ ] That damn Asp has still been quiet, but maybe it's just biding it's time. Finally admit it's existence to your contacts back in the College and see if they know anything that can help.
-[ ] As a Journeywoman, the path to Magister is marked by mastering more than the two shadow spells you already know. Send to the Grey Order for the basics and work on figuring out one of the others.
-[ ] As a Journeywoman, the path to mediocrity is marked by only learning spells created by others. Your relationship with Ulgu is between you and it. (create-a-spell, write in the effects, much more difficult than the above)

[ ] Influence: Though you haven't taken these over (yet?) you could still spend some time to influence or tap into them. Write in what you would like to do with them.
- [ ] The Wurtbadian Thieves Guild is currently little more than a church group, albeit of a very unconventional god.
- [ ] Biderhof, a village based on woodcutting and agriculture, has adopted you as one of it's own.


FINANCES: NO ACTION POINT EXPENDITURE.

Personal Income: 50 gold/turn
Discretionary Income: 150 gold/turn
Informer Payroll unlocked

Currently paying Grey College tithe (5 gold/turn)
Currently paying Grey College student loans (35 gold/turn)
Currently embezzling 1/4 of discretionary income (35 gold/turn)

[ ] Begin plumping the informer rolls (choose ratio of real:fake informers. Almost impossible to detect, but also very difficult to increase or decrease the amount quickly)
[ ] Change tithe payment/loan payment/embezzlement (specify)


NEW MECHANIC: OVERWORK. With an established base of operations, you can now start pushing yourself to your limits. You can perform up to eight tasks per turn, but any after the first six will have more severe consequences for poor rolling and have a high chance to accumulate negatraits from physical or mental wear and tear. Negatraits can be fixed, but it will take actions to do so. If additional tasks are chosen, label the 'additional' tasks accordingly.

- As always, voting will be in plan format. Answers and action plan can be separated.
- Don't forget Ranald's Blessing!
- Once, you almost got in hot water over the Stirlandian League. Now you're being asked to weigh in on it. The magic of a good relationship with your boss.
- You've got a lot on your plate, so Van Hal decided to give you a lighter and more flexible task; but if there's unfinished business lingering at the end of this turn, your actions might start attracting greater oversight.
  </body>
</html>