<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Three)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Three)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> Plan: Little Eldar, Little Eldar, Let Us In, Let Us In!</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>[X] Plan: Little Eldar, Little Eldar, Let Us In, Let Us In!</b><br/>
[X] Shield Battery 1<br/>
-[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chaplain Ravias, Chaplain Antonius, Apothecary Falkor Ryll, Chapter Honor Guard, 5th Company<br/>
--[X] Bolters, meltaguns, 5x multi-meltas, flamers, some plasmaguns and 2/3rd of our power weapons.<br/>
[X] Enemy Hangers 2<br/>
-[X] 1st Company, 10th Company, Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus, Chaplain Uther Volkoss, Chaplain Ateren, 2x Techmarines<br/>
--[X] 10x Tartaros Pattern Terminator armor, 10x Thunder Hammer, 10x Storm Shields, 10x Cyclone Missile Launchers. The rest take a loadout meant to deal with nimble opponents: bolters, regular meltaguns, flamers, some plasmaguns and 1/3rd of our power weapons,<br/>
--[X] 1 Rapier (Quad-Heavy Bolters), 1 Rapier (Laser-Destroyer Array), as many non-AA Tarantulas as we can get there (priority on heavy bolter and assault cannon ones) as soon as it is safe for our Thunderhawks to travel there.<br/>
---[X] All of our Thunderhawk gunships and as many Thunderhawk transports as necessary<br/>
[X] Bombarding:<br/>
-[X] Lance Battery 1<br/>
--[X] 5th Company fleet and 10th Company's Nova-Frigate<br/>
-[X] Lance Battery 2<br/>
--[X] 1st Company fleet<br/>
[X] Aiding The Navy<br/>
-[X] 10th Company fleet sans the Nova-frigate</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Bringing Fire To Darkness<br/>
+015.M42+ To +020.M42+<br/>
+<i>Distrust The Xeno, Hate The Xeno, Kill The Xeno</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
“Initiating drop!”<br/>
<br/>
The familiar thump of the drop pods being released from the ships grows into a steady rumble as they are launched at speeds that would crush the bones of an unmodified human. Within the drop pod, you close your eyes, and listen as Hannibal unleashes a sermon of hatred and resilience throughout the vox channels. He speaks of the unrelenting need to slay the xeno in all its aspects for their treachery upon humanity in ages past, present, and those that may come in the future. The tales of the Age of Strife are granted even further fire as he bellows his words, into not just the ears of your brothers but openly to whatever aliens that dare to be listening to their impending deaths. Conflicts against the eldar are spoken of as well, with specificity. When he reaches the finale of his sermon, with a resounding wordless scream of the eternal hatred of humanity for the alien, does your drop pod impact into the hull of the anchorage.<br/>
<br/>
In your helmet’s systems, you spy one of the lights indicating nominal status of the drop pods flicker into an infernal red as metal, blackened steel, and scattered chunks of psycho-reactive wraithbone are shattered beneath the drop pods in their descent. There is a brief shuddering span of five seconds as more of the hull is torn away, the oscillating shielding batteries of this place not quite so impenetrable a barrier as void shields in that they trade more of such potential utter durability for bouncing shadowfields. Even so, that they possess more ‘traditional’ shielding than you are most accustomed to is more than a little worrisome. At the least, the Librarium and the blessed machine spirits have ensured that only one squad’s drop pod suffered the worst.<br/>
<br/>
The five seconds pass, and then there is a steady impact, the drop pods exploding open to release not only you, but the whole of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and your command squad as well. Even as you emerge, kabalite warriors fire with splinter rifles, impacting against your terminator armor as you exist only for you bull forward and smash one of the comparatively fragile eldar against a wall, the corridor you landed in tight enough that the drop pod has completely separated one end from the other. Luckily it opens such that you can proceed through it if needed. But at that moment, the whole of your attentions are focused on the eldar first, slaying those you can reach before more of them arrive. All around you is carnage, your mind barely deigning to take in the disgusting spiked and purposefully twisted architecture of the foe, instead focusing on one of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company marines being hacked apart by cackling incubi as he attempted to engage them in melee combat, another being shot through the skull by a massive crystalline sliver which rocks the marine backwards to the ground.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor!”<br/>
<br/>
“NONE SHALL FIND US WANTING!”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
==============================<br/>​</div>“Hangar guns are proving a bit annoying,” the techmarine noted casually as Cyrus stood beside him, hand on the seat. “Those shadowfields make retaliatory shots difficult…”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus did not have all of the integrated technologies and sensors at hand that the techmarine did, but he found little to dispute the statement. A great flurry of spikes thrown up by the half dozen or so turrets secreted around the hangar shot forward at speeds that would surely be impossible for one who was not so literally connected with the machines and trained with thunderhawks to avoid. Behind him, those within the thunderhawk held tight to their restraints, as twin litanies of hatred and fury were recited from the chaplains that had been elected to join the assault.<br/>
<br/>
“Will we make it?”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course. So long as you have your helmet in place, and the doors to the troop compartment are sealed and locked.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus barely began to ask ‘why’ when a massive splinter from the point defense guns speared through the incredibly thick and protective materials that made up the cockpits covering, slamming directly between the techmarine and his serf pilot, on the opposite side of the techmarine’s shoulders that Cyrus himself stood on. Void immediately began its hungry work upon them, the shattered glass-like materials sucking away into the darkness while the magnetic workings of their own armors and that of the serf activated in turn. The stars beckoned, and yet all that was accomplished was a massive hissing noise before the breach was sealed, additional panels sliding down from somewhere to cover the holes around the spike which even now remained.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, there we go,” the techmarine spoke as the thunderhawk finished entering the hangar, surrounded by the others which began to circle slightly.<br/>
<br/>
One of the thunderhawk transporters sped forward above them all, spinning wildly as it slammed itself onto the ground so that its bulk smashed and smeared dozens of eldar, shattered three weapon emplacements, and then finally opened its doors containing much of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company directly into a corridor leading to the hangar bay in front of a group of stunned and dazed dark eldar. The remainder of the vessels span up their own weaponry, and from within began to let loose, shredding jetfighters and bombers alike at close range. Some had already begun to lift off, their pilots inside them frantically trying to escape, but the speed and fury that the thunderhawks had entered with negated much of their shadowfields abilities to compensate for sheer volume of firepower. Their job done, the gunships began to deposit their troops before turning towards the hangar guns themselves and ruining them from outside of their ability to turn.<br/>
<br/>
“Look at that,” Cyrus heard the techmarine say, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Captain turning slightly to gaze at his own pilot who was gesturing towards the transporter which had performed the more violent maneuver upon the vile things which inhabited the hangar, “What a reckless maneuver. Daedal!” Cyrus heard the vox crackle as the techmarine opened communications. “What in the Emperor’s name was that!”<br/>
<br/>
A returning voice, growing increasingly hard to hear as the weapons fire exchanged with charging kabalite warriors and incubi and that of the space marines grew more intense, responded.<br/>
<br/>
“Calus, I don’t want to hear that from someone who has a massive <i>spike</i> in the front of his gunship,” was the sardonic reply.<br/>
<br/>
“The gunship is built <i>intentionally</i> tough such that-,”<br/>
<br/>
“The <i>transporter</i> is meant to be able to-,”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus leapt from the gunship which still hovered about so that its guns could be put to good use, and set to work himself, planting explosives and firing alongside the rest of his company. The addition of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company veterans who had been seconded to his chapter proved a great boon, he found if a bit reluctantly. But his pride was worthless compared to the needs of the chapter. Across the bay, he watched while sniping down a grotesque that looked like it might once have been an ork before the Haemonculi got to it as one of the newer scout sergeants reached forward and dragged back an intrepid scout who had charged into the open to prevent them from being torn apart by a splinter cannon blast which vaporized the crates behind the scout. An action he himself could not have performed, and yet now only needed to worry less about. Excellent, especially as he planted another shot into the eye of a charging incubus before it could tear apart the Chaplain Ateren who had been brought to the ground by a gaggle of them.<br/>
<br/>
Then he whirled, his cloak flaring as a third of it was cut apart by a silently appearing mandrake, its blade dripping with what almost appeared to be acidic poisons. The blade sliced deep into the deck, but slid out just as quickly, straight towards his throat. The relic sniper rifle in his hands began to fall, yet before it had completed half of its descent he was lifting his own combat knife to deflect. Not to block, he knew, the monomolecular nature of many dark eldar weaponry would more likely than not slice straight through his knife, and so it was deflection instead. It’s shadowskin rippled back and forth, obscuring much of its body in differing amounts in the blink of one eye to the next as Cyrus retreated out from beneath the shadows dropped by the empty voidraven that lay above with its dead pilot still slumped in the seat.<br/>
<br/>
Mandrake met marine in combat that was near silent save for the faint swirl of cloak and blades meeting one another again and again. Cyrus did not grit his teeth as part of the poison struck his check, though h mentally acknowledged the fact that it was not the usual assortment of skin-contact poisons he had suffered from dark eldar before. Rather it was more of a tyranid variety. As his combat knife skittered along the mandrake’s own weapon, he glanced at it more carefully before rising up an arm to slam against the inside of the eldar’s wrist as its other arm attempted to stab down with a barbed hook, knocking the weapon away. It was as he suspected, a blade which looked to be more of some tyranid’s body rather than more traditional weaponry. Which, now that he focused upon it, did not possess nearly as many blade-guards that were a weapon and protection in and of themselves. The fight had gone on so blindingly fast he had not yet even perceived that until this very instant.<br/>
<br/>
Well then.<br/>
<br/>
He adjusted his tactics accordingly, and twisted his knife down, into the hand holding the shaped claw and past the hilt. The mandrake did not hiss in pain, its thin lips only splitting open slightly as a sign of the pain. A rapid exchange of strikes was exchanged then, until he finally managed to wrap his own arm about that of the remaining weapon, and with a grunt and slamming of his legs broke the knee of the mandrake backwards and granted himself enough leverage to shove the barbed hook upwards into the lower jaw and out the forehead of his opponent. The mandrake sighed slightly as it died, its eyes drifting upwards to watch as the first rivulets of its own blood traveled down its forehead.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus released the thing, slumping to the ground, and breathed deeply as he absorbed the fifteen seconds that had passed before turning back to the greater fight, a hand coming up to his ear as he activated the vox.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, the hangar is nearly secured, the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company is already fortifying the entrances here, our gunships have destroyed the hangar guns so that more forces can be brought in. We can advance to new targets if required.”<br/>
<br/>
A series of heavy explosions erupted into his ear from the channel, heavy breathing turning into a roar that ended with a heavy squelch and the telltale sound of a daemonhammer crushing a xeno ribcage coming next.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well Cyrus,” Gabriel grunted, “We have taken the shield battery, and are planting our explosives now. We will be gone from this area soon, and bombardments can soon take place.”<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” Hadrian’s voice entered into the channel, his voice tight with concentration, “Merely give the word, and the ships will be ready.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus let them speak as he checked over his recruits, standing grimly over the body of one slain scout who had almost been ready to advance further into the chapter as the solemn duty of the apothecaries was carried out.<br/>
<br/>
“How goes the battle, Captain?”<br/>
<br/>
“We have lost two of our gladius frigates, but we have taken <i>many more</i> down with them,” he growled, “As for the bombardment of the anchorage…we are dealing damage, to be sure, but their shadowfields and actual shielding is making it difficult to tell how much damage is actually <i>being</i> done.”<br/>
<br/>
“One of their batteries is about to go down, and we shall see what we shall see then.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================<br/>​</div>“Chapter Master,” Apollo says as he marches along with you away from the blast zone, “The missing drop pod has been identified.”<br/>
<br/>
“Yes?” you turn to him, even as behind you the explosives begin to go off.<br/>
<br/>
Almost immediately you can feel far more accurate bombardment occurring on a suddenly unguarded and revealed section of the anchorage.<br/>
<br/>
“It is Sergeant Laskaris’ squad,” he murmurs.<br/>
<br/>
Damnation. Just to return from the Ghoul Stars to die <i>here</i>?<br/>
<br/>
“Can we recover their Gene-Seed<i>?</i>” is you weary response.<br/>
<br/>
He hesitates before speaking, the winding hallways of the anchorage watched and set alight with flamer and bolter fire the moment the dark eldar come pouring out of them. All around you, the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company continues to battle. In one bright flash a squad of kabalite warriors simply vanish at the wave of a hand from your Chief Librarian, in another a pair of incubi who nearly gutted a 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> company marine to death are battered apart by Hannibal. The mandrakes fled after realizing that your own librarians found their attempts to slide through the air invisibly pointless, leaving only a few of the most vicious of their direct fighters left before you, now.<br/>
<br/>
“Their signals are still transmitting,” he finally says, drawing you to a halt. “Their drop pod did not hit off course, it was not destroyed, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
Apollo raises his eyes to you, and the set of his face is grim.<br/>
<br/>
“Their drop pod pierced through several more layers than expected, breaking through newer constructions of the Anchorage and spearing through structural weakpoints that their own anti-psychic defenses prevented the Librarians from sighting. They are deep within the structure, but we are still receiving vox signals even if we cannot precisely reach them.”<br/>
<br/>
The Anchorage shudders as one of the defensive lance batteries it possessed is destroyed, the earlier bombardment combined with the loss of its protective shields ending it entirely, as you stare at Apollo.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, your orders?”<br/>
<br/>
<u>Stage 1 Complete:</u><br/>
- 7 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines Dead.<b> +11 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b><br/>
- 6 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Dead. <b>+12 Gene-Seed Recovered</b>.<br/>
- 7 Scouts [1st Stage] Dead. <b>+10 Gene-Seed Recovered. </b><br/>
- 4 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Marines Dead. <b>+8 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b><br/>
- 1 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Squad, commanded by Sergeant Doukas Laskaris, is deep within the anchorage, and is in unknown condition!<br/>
- Hangar 1 Successfully captured! 2 Thunderhawks (Gunship, Transporter) in need of minor repairs but still flight capable!<br/>
- 2 Gladius-class frigates of 5th Company Fleet destroyed in battle! Chapter Fleet remains strong, Imperial Navy Fleet taking majority of damage!<br/>
<br/>
<u>Anchorage Assault Troop Deployment Decisions [Stage 2]:</u><br/>
<b>Note: You do not have to assault every position, it may be better to concentrate your forces on some targets now and then attack others later.<br/>
Note: Precise determination of enemy troops present on Anchorage impossible at this time due to psychic baffles, sensor-ghosts, etc. Librarius efforts at such things in turn is similarly stymied, as well as additional warp fluctuations present in system.</b><br/>
[] Defensive Lance Battery 1: One of the three defensive lance batteries present on the Dark Eldar Anchorage you face in battle now, if it is let to function for too long it will likely tear apart all of your ships given the fact that you are fighting both the Anchorage itself as well as its fleet. It is likely heavily defended for just that same reason by whatever monstrous creatures that the Dark Eldar possess as well as those twisted xenos themselves. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here) <b>This location has sustained heavy bombardment damage, and can likely be finished off by a single strike cruiser - Hadrian, Master of Fleets.</b><br/>
[] Enemy Hangers 1: From this wraithbone pit are spewed dozens of Dark Eldar fighters and bombers that if given enough time can likely damage and further even destroy escort vessels and damage systems of larger ships. Of increased concern is their potential to take down drop pods as they are deployed onto the Anchorage, killing your brothers before they can even meet the enemy in combat. Not to mention they could provide an easier passage for your troops to move in without the risk of being struck by other point defenses through thunderhawks. Said thunderhawks will obviously also have to fight through here in order to take said hangars. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here) <b>Unprotected by the shield battery, a single battle barge's bombardment cannon could easily destroy this target utterly - Hadrian, Master of Fleets.</b><br/>
<s>[] Defensive Lance Battery 2: One of the three defensive lance batteries present on the Dark Eldar Anchorage you face in battle now, if it is let to function for too long it will likely tear apart all of your ships given the fact that you are fighting both the Anchorage itself as well as its fleet. It is likely heavily defended for just that same reason by whatever monstrous creatures that the Dark Eldar possess as well as those twisted xenos themselves. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Shield Battery 1: Currently stopping you from truly unleashing the devastating power behind your bombardment cannons and other weaponry from being truly effective is this. Protecting a large portion of the anchorage with what shielding that the eldar can possess, as well as projecting whatever techno-sorcery they are capable of that ruin traditional targeting methods to make even hitting them difficult in the first place despite the size. Likely heavily guarded for just that purpose. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. <b>This Shield Battery Protects Lance Battery 1, 2, and Hangar 1 from concentrated bombardment assaults.</b> (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)</s><br/>
[] Captured Hangers 2: This location has been captured successfully, a great amount of enemy weaponry and ships destroyed before they could exit and be used against the forces of the Imperium. While your troops head elsewhere, it would be wise to dedicate some to holding this location so that thunderhawks can ferry troops, honored dead, etc. out of the anchorage as you go about destroying it. No doubt the eldar know this and will do their best to stop you in the meantime. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Defensive Lance Battery 3: One of the three defensive lance batteries present on the Dark Eldar Anchorage you face in battle now, if it is let to function for too long it will likely tear apart all of your ships given the fact that you are fighting both the Anchorage itself as well as its fleet. It is likely heavily defended for just that same reason by whatever monstrous creatures that the Dark Eldar possess as well as those twisted xenos themselves. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Shield Battery 2: Currently stopping you from truly unleashing the devastating power behind your bombardment cannons and other weaponry from being truly effective is this. Protecting a large portion of the anchorage with what shielding that the eldar can possess, as well as projecting whatever techno-sorcery they are capable of that ruin traditional targeting methods to make even hitting them difficult in the first place despite the size. Likely heavily guarded for just that purpose. Forces which are deployed here will have to go by way of Drop Pod assaults. <b>This Shield Battery Protects Lance Battery 3 and Hangar 2 from concentrated bombardment assaults.</b> (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
[] Squad Retrieval: Veteran Sergeant Doukas Laskaris, recently returned from the Ghoul Stars, has suffered great misfortune as his squad's drop pod pierced far deeper into the enemy structure than any other drop pod thus far. Recreating the exact conditions to allow others to reinforce by drop pod is impossible, and while their beacons are transmitting there is not enough stability in the signals to retrieve them alive or dead by teleport. You could attempt to teleport to their location instead, or send troops already present in the anchorage to attempt to reach them. And yet, for all of this, they may already be dead. On the other hand, even if that is so, dare you forgo attempting to retrieve their precious Gene-Seed? <b>Must specify whether teleporting troops or not for this action if selected. </b>(Write-In Options)<br/>
[] Enemy Command Center: Deep within the Anchorage, likely at its center where it would be best protected, is no doubt where the enemy commander currently resides. If you were to manage a strike here, either by Deep Striking, fighting your way through, or sending forth someone like Cyrus to attempt an assassination and begin sabotaging the entire location with explosives, is up to you. Either way, a xeno in command of a station such as this is likely quite powerful and will possess bodyguards. But if he is defeated here, and the command center taken, you could potentially attempt turning the anchorage against itself. <b>Too deep within Anchorage for bombardment to be effective at this time. Deep Strike Teleportation assault possible.</b> (Write-In Forces Deployed Here)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Anchorage Assault Ship Deployment Decisions [Stage 1]:</u><br/>
<b>Whitmore Fleet Present: 3 Lunar-class Cruisers, 2 Gothic-class cruisers, 6 Frigates<br/>
Dark Eldar Fleet Present: 3 Torture Cruisers, 14 Corsair Escorts<br/>
Blood Raven Fleet Present: Entire Chapter Fleet</b><br/>
[] Bombarding: Lay siege to the station as best as possible, despite the difficulty in breaking through its advanced shielding and targeting-baffling abilities. With the Emperor’s blessing, you might be able to break through regardless and be able to destroy parts of the Anchorage’s defensive hard points without being forced to land troops there! Not to mention the fact that you generally are just trying to destroy the entire Anchorage. (Write-In Ships Dedicated, Write-In Targets)<br/>
[] Aiding The Navy: Despite Whitmore’s words, the enemy ships are quickly dancing in and out of range, and adding the power of your own weaponry will likely aid his ships in long-term survivability throughout the battle. It is not as if at the moment that you can fully unleash your vessels weapons and bombardment weaponry against the well-shielded and protected Anchorage. (Write-In Ships Dedicated)</div>
  </body>
</html>