<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 18 (Part One): Writ In Blood</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 18 (Part One): Writ In Blood</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan: May None Find Us Wanting</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>[X] Plan: May None Find Us Wanting</b><br/>
<br/>
-[X] Gabriel Angelos<br/>
--[X] Hunting Down Vandis<br/>
---[X] Contact Rogue Trader Claudius Alexandre Jullien Tarquindil. Ask him to find the location of traitorous governor and possibly what he is up to, so that you can crush him yourself.<br/>
-[X] Promote 5th Chapter Veterans To 1st Company (20)<br/>
-[X] Assign your newest 45 Battle Brothers to:<br/>
--[X] The 5th Company (15)<br/>
--[X] The 4th Company (30)<br/>
-[X] Assign the 2 new Gladius-class Frigates within the Chapter Fleet<br/>
--[X] 4th Company Fleet<br/>
-[X] Assign the Battle Barge <i>Scientia Est Potentia </i>within the Chapter Fleet<br/>
--[X] 4th Company Fleet<br/>
-[X] Assign the 2 Strike Cruisers,<i> The Great Father's Fist </i>and<i> Burning Seeker </i>within the Chapter Fleet<br/>
--[X] <i>Burning Seeker to </i>4th Company Fleet<br/>
--[X] <i>The Great Father's Fist </i>to 5th Company Fleet<br/>
-[X] Derosa's Debt<br/>
--[X] 3 transports, 13 gunships<br/>
-[X] Inquire as to aid that can be given to Derosa<br/>
-[X] Bring more forces in for the latter portion of Return Of Judgement [Gellar Field Installments]<br/>
--[X] Marcus Crixus (Stormbolter), Uriel Hamul (Thunder Hammer/Storm Shield), Ares Actus (Crozius/Stormbolter), Marcharius Sicarius (Power Fist), Amicus Antal (Powerfist/Stormbolter), 5 1st Company Veterans<br/>
---[X] 5 Tartaros-Pattern for named characters, 5 Indominatus-Pattern for others, 2 Heavy Flamers, 1 Assault Cannons, 1 Pair of Lightning Claws, Thunder Hammer, 1 Power Axe, 2 Power Fists, 5 Cyclone Missle Launchers<br/>
--[X] All of our Dreadnoughts<br/>
-[X] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (20)<br/>
-[X] Investigate further sector threats for potential Chapter intervention/aid.<br/>
-[X] The Honor Guard<br/>
--[X] Search for suitable members to the Honor Guard from the 1st Company<br/>
--[X] Assign Apothecary Falkor Ryll as the Honor Guard Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Assign Veteran Sergeant Doukas Laskaris as the Honor Guard Captain<br/>
-[X] The 4th Company<br/>
--[X] Assign Apothecary Caesar as the Company Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Assign Chaplain Ateren as the Company Chaplain<br/>
-[X] The 5th Company<br/>
--[X] Assign Sergeant Kaius Jacobus as the Company Champion<br/>
-[X] Attempt to establish communications with Canoness Preceptor Margaret Tenenbaum. The Order of Lost Rosetta was once one of the greatest friends of your Chapter. You wish that to be so again.<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Training With Apollo<br/>
--[X] Weapon Skill<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Train Your Chapter<br/>
--[X] Main: Agility<br/>
---[X] Kaius Jacobus<br/>
--[X] Secondary: Weapon Skill<br/>
---[X] Apollo Diomedes<br/>
--[X] Secondary: Strength<br/>
---[X] Macharius Sicarius<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years (40)<br/>
--[X] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage]/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] with Gene-Seed. (21 Total)<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Probalis – Chief Librarian<br/>
--[X] Study what was retrieved from the Dark Eldar Anchorage Command Center for anything useful, and to log it within the Librarius for later perusal if necessary.<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (525 BP)<br/>
--[X] 12x Force weapons (180 BP)<br/>
--[X] 1x Crozius Arcanum (15 BP)<br/>
--[X] Cybernetics for Nero Achillian (50 BP)<br/>
--[X] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
---[X] The <i>Burning Seeker</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn (80 BP)<br/>
--[X] Study The Rapier For Potential Learning Of Design To Allow Replication (WARNING: May end up losing some Rapiers as a result of the study) [50/???] (200 BP)<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits<br/>
--[X] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Writ In Blood<br/>
+025.M42+ To +030.M42+<br/>
+<i>If You Will Not Fight, Then You Will Not Live</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">025.M42 To 030.M42</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">025.M42 To 030.M42:<br/>
- Test-Slaves Implanted with 40 Gene-Seed. Harvest In <b>030.M42</b><br/>
- 250 Aspirants Recruited! - 250 Aspirants Advance: 135 To Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired<br/>
- 10 Psyker Aspirants Advance: 10 To Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]<br/>
- 135 Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Advance: 112 To Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired. <b>Gene-Seed Implantation Required Immediately</b>.<br/>
- 20 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advance: 10 To Scouts[1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired. <b>+10 Gene-Seed Recovered. </b><br/>
- 1 Psyker Neophyte [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advances To Lexicani<br/>
- 0 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Advance: 0 To Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]1<br/>
- 10 Psyker Aspirants Recruited! -&gt; 10 Psyker Aspirants Advance: 10 To Psyker Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], 7 Advance To Psyker Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage], 3 Expired.\<br/>
- x12 Force Weapons Constructed, x1 Crozius Arcanum constructed, Cybernetics for Nero Achillian Constructed.<br/>
- Sector Threats Collating, To Be Available Post Rogue-Trader Discussion<br/>
- Dark Eldar Anchorage Study Complete! Anti-Anti-Psyker Study Now Available.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
“A good duel, Chapter Master,” Apollo gasps out, falling out of his stance in exhaustion as he finally is forced to yield against you.<br/>
<br/>
You stand across from him, victorious, the crackling energy field around the training hammer disappearing as you flick the deactivation rune upon it. All around you, the makeshift training chapel bears the marks of your fight, the whirlwind exchange of hammer smashing into the walls and ground when the target managed to dodge or deflect. Already you can imagine the many days it would take the servo skulls and servitors to fix the damage were it a true chapel, but your mind is busy moreso with analyzing the fight that had just taken place over several hours.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed, Apollo,” you finally say as your heart rate returns to normal, bionic lungs pushed into overdrive finally wheezing their way back into a more nominal rate. “A good duel indeed. It is somewhat lucky that the Mechanicus will be utterly stripping the entire hulk, a little more damage such as this will not cause untoward disfavor”<br/>
<br/>
The galaxy is darkening around you, but you can take some small solace and satisfaction in the simple act of smashing things. In the purity of martial confrontation. You cannot rightly say that strength is returning to you, more that you are simply learning to better make use of what is now almost the whole of your body. Perhaps if you were an Iron Hand, such a transition would be easier for you. But you are not, and instead have had to quite literally fight against your body and mind to re-integrate both into the single formerly sublime whole devised by the Emperor. At the least, with a nod to Apollo, you turn and exit the thoroughly ruined cargo bay turned temporary training area, and begin to gather up your true weapons and armor. Your work in the <i>Judgement</i> is not yet done, after all.<br/>
<br/>
“What of the rest of the Chapter?” you say after a moment, watching as a cloud of servo skulls float right past you.<br/>
<br/>
“Training proceeds apace as best it can, Chapter Master,” Apollo hums, passing you a dataslate to peruse. “I’ll be working with more of our assault marines by the end of the week, but Brother Kaius has demonstrated a surprising amount of leadership in his own works.”<br/>
<br/>
“And Sicarius?”<br/>
<br/>
“I think he managed to get a few of his battle brothers to pass out from exertion,” is his bemused reply.<br/>
<br/>
For a split second your mind stalls at the incredulous thought before you flick your remaining biological eye in Apollo’s direction.<br/>
<br/>
“Is that a good thing, for him?”<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t know,” he manages to shrug in his armor, before his face screws up slightly in thought. “I think it’s a good thing, anyway.<br/>
<br/>
“And the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company?”<br/>
<br/>
“Well, as much as they can be all things considered."<br/>
<br/>
"And Probalis? Has he found anything?"<br/>
<br/>
Apollo passes you another dataslate to scrutinize carrying your Chief Librarian's notes. The baffling amount of anti-psyker weaponry and technologies and rituals used to disguise the Dark Eldar station were certainly concerning - and it seems that Justinius has been studying what he can on them. He believes that, with careful study, he could perhaps increase the effectiveness of the Blood Ravens against similar effects in the future. Against things that would ordinarily stifle the powers of the Librarians, it could prove an advantage in the future if properly studied and disseminated. A valuable thing considering how many times the Chapter has lately come into conflict with the Eldar of both varieties. Still, it is something for the Librarius to study as a group, or for him to take on as a personal project. Either way, it is something to consider. The whole of it is by now fully cataloged, ensuring that the Blood Ravens will have more knowledge to study in the future. Knowledge is Power.<br/>
<br/>
"Is Kaius adjusting to his new position?"<br/>
<br/>
"Somewhat," Apollo shrugs again, "He was more accustomed to being in the dark, working in the shadows. But as Company Champion he will need new arms, new armor, and prepare himself for meeting the Company's greatest foes in single combat."<br/>
<br/>
"Let none find him wanting."<br/>
<br/>
Neither of you speak of the cold silence that was your response from the Canoness of the Order of the Lost Rosetta. Once, they happily fought alongside you, and many a battle and glory were won at their side. Even now you bear relics from that burnt and scalded friendship, may Kyras burn forever. Your attempts to reconcile with them, to even speak with them, have been met with the same chill as their deathly homeworld, where the glaciers are the mountains, on a planet cold enough that their own home is carved into the ice itself. They never fear it melting despite the vast amounts of promethium their doctrine demands, which only emphasizes the cold of that world further. A cold, then, that extends to your open hand. Very well. So be it, for now at least.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 329+98+Apollo(29)= 456/800]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Agility: 239+61+Kaius(25)=325/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill 4 To 5: 156+16+Apollo(29)=201/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Strength 4 To 5: 0+18+Macharius(25)=43/600]<br/>
[Attempt To Reconcile With Lost Rosetta: 23. Failure!]<br/>
<br/>
=====================================================<br/>​</div>It is a good thing that you brought what forces you did onto the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i>, you decide as the years press on. Despite the fact that more and more Gellar Field Dispersal Units – special devices crafted with the aid of Angel Forge itself – the daemons seem ever more eager to propagate themselves into reality within its corridors. The fighting grows ever harder, and it is not aided by the fact that orks and tyranids still exist within the labyrinthine superstructure. The orks desire the ‘shiny bitz’ to the point of ludicrous suicidal assaults on flanks, while the tyranids only see the influx of both Mechanicus and Imperial flesh as the chance to gain more biomass. Attacks from both must be fought off at the same time as daemons appearing from the ether, possessing random piles of scrap into bodies, exploding out of the walls themselves, and in one memorable case possessing a psyker-turned-servitor which became extremely troublesome.<br/>
<br/>
The creature managed to break three of your holy dreadnought brethren’s shells, only just missing the living contents within, and tore through a number of the skitarii sent to apprehend it. In the end, it was Kaius working alongside Probalis who hunted the thing down finally, setting it aflame with both promethium and cerulean flames pulled from the warp. Even then it was a hard fight, one that saw Brother Kaius nearly losing every limb he had, and in return gaining a series of scars for his troubles. Thankfully, however, the Adeptus Mechanicus, the Priesthood of Mars, was…extremely persistent in their attempts to wrest control of the space hulk away from the unyielding hand of the warp which had choked it for all this time. By the end of it all, they have installed their fields across the ship, and after a few worrying titanic shakes which for a moment made you thumb the comm for emergency teleportation retrieval…the <i>Judgement of Carrion </i>falls silent.<br/>
<br/>
Truly silent. It’s cogitators hum, still, but now in a quiet slumber free of nightmares for the first time in centuries. The ghosts of the place are not quite yet expelled, as far as you know, but they are certainly being far more repressed than ever. Even as you shake hands with the Magos in charge of its return to Zerann where it can be properly transformed into a servant of the Omnissiah, you can see thousands of servitors, servo skulls, and techpriests beginning to carve away at the worthless and input ritualistic engravings into its very bones. It is a vast prize indeed, and they intend to be <i>very</i> exacting with it. Jury-rigged engines fire in time with others on its rear which have been re-activated to send it careening towards Zerann itself. It will be a long journey, each exposure to the warp kept as minimal as possible as it makes its jumps, but for now…your task here is done.<br/>
<br/>
A good thing too, in time for you to both return to Meridian to speak to Derosa…and her Rogue Trader.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================<br/>​</div>“Our deal is done, then,” Derosa favors you with a smile as you acknowledge the usage of your favor with her. “It took some convincing of the techpriests and the Administratum, but more and more I am finding that Vandis’ propensity for disallowing the production schedule to be modified even in emergencies was either incompetence or deliberate sabotage of the God-Emperor’s gifts,” she rubs her temples for a moment before straightening.<br/>
<br/>
“I thank you for your gift, Governor,” you give her the barest of bows, for still there are some in the Chapter who muse over the tale of the put-upon assistant gunning her way into the former Governors palace to aid the subsector in its time of need.<br/>
<br/>
“It is no trouble, Chapter Master Angelos. Anything I can do to strengthen the Blood Ravens – within reason – I will. If it weren’t for them Meridian would be dead three times over. But we can speak on that another time. I have spoken with…,” she shudders slightly, “Claudius. Though I will note, in your speaking with him, refer to him with his full name.”<br/>
<br/>
“That ‘legendary temper’ you spoke of?” you raise your remaining biological eyebrow at her.<br/>
<br/>
She sighs, again, and nods as she gazes out the window at a healing Meridian. Shuttles fly back and forth, smoke billows up from the smokestacks as industry returns, and there are at the least no riots within immediate earshot. A vast improvement from how it was left by Vandis and the servants of Black Legion only a comparative short time ago. For all the aid you have given her, much of this work including bulling through the Administratum was entirely all her. A respectable woman, is Derosa, it seems.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. He is mercurial in the extreme, but he keeps out of Imperial Space most of the time so it’s not too much trouble. Be wary, Angelos,” she turns to keep speaking only to huff as another bevy of servo skulls carrying more messages for her surround her. “He is not to be trifled with, despite how foolish he might seem.”<br/>
<br/>
This you know. Any truly powerful Rogue Trader has likely entire fleets beneath them, vast household armies…perhaps xeno mercenaries and more. Regardless, the meeting has been set, somewhat just beyond the borders of the Sector itself, but easily reachable with your own forces. It will be up to you as to what and who you bring with you, of course. And you must, indeed, go to meet him. Simply shooting off a message to a Rogue Trader and expecting him to do your bidding would be foolish. No, it will be an exchange, more likely than not. Of favors, of materials, he may even demand space marines to accompany his ships as a matter of protection and prestige.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<u>Select Forces To Be Brought To Meeting With Rogue Trader  Claudius Alexandre Jullien Tarquindil:</u><br/>
[] Write In Forces To Accompany Gabriel (Ships, Troops, Etc.)</div>
  </body>
</html>