<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 (Part One): By Duty, Bring Death</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 (Part One): By Duty, Bring Death</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Consolidation</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan consilidation<br/>
-[X] Gabriel Angelos<br/>
--[X] Look for specialist candidates amongst aspirants/neophytes/scouts.<br/>
--[X] Assign Unassigned x16 Thunderhawks (x3 Transporters, x13 Gunships) Within Chapter Fleet<br/>
---[X] New Fleet<br/>
--[X] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage<br/>
---[X] 21<br/>
--[X] Polonius Liberation Crusade Aid:<br/>
---[X] 1st Company &amp; Fleet, 4th Company &amp; Fleet<br/>
---[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun<br/>
---[X] Chapter Master's Honor Guard<br/>
--[X] Beneath Blood Raven Wings:<br/>
---[X] 10 Astartes from 1st Company as selected by Marcus<br/>
--[X] Recruitment World Preservation:<br/>
---[X] 5th Company &amp; Fleet, 10th Company &amp; Fleet<br/>
-[X] Training With Apollo<br/>
--[X] Weapon Skill<br/>
-[X] Train Your Chapter<br/>
--[X] Main: Ballistic Skill<br/>
---[X] Tarkus<br/>
--[X] Secondary: Weapon Skill<br/>
---[X] Apollo Diomedes<br/>
--[X] Secondary: Agility<br/>
---[X] Cyrus Octavius<br/>
-[X] Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary<br/>
--[X] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (112 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (7 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
-[X] Probalis – Chief Librarian<br/>
[X] Begin in-depth studies of the remains of the various eldar Avatars of Khaine possessed by the Chapter [Note: This will mean that all non-Chapter Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable </b>for other tasks for <b>2 </b>turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
-[X] Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (525 BP)<br/>
[X] Improve The Forges Of<br/>
---[X] The Burning Seeker [80/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn (420 BP)<br/>
--[X] Study The Rapier For Potential Learning Of Design To Allow Replication (WARNING: May end up losing some Rapiers as a result of the study) [250/???] (105 BP)<br/>
-[X] Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits<br/>
--[X] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
---[X] Trontiux III</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">030.M42 To 035.M42</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">030.M42 To 035.M42:<br/>
- Test-Slaves Harvested: <b>+80 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- 30 Aspirants Recruited From Trontiux III -&gt; 30 Aspirants Advance: 25 To Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired<br/>
- 4 Psyker Aspirants Recruited From Trontiux III -&gt; 4 Psyker Aspirants Advance: 4 to Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage]<br/>
- 4 Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage] Advance: 3 to Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage], Remainder Expired.<br/>
- 25 Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Advance: 15 To Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired. <b>Gene-Seed Implantation Required Immediately</b>.<br/>
- 102 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advance: 80 To Scouts[1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired/Become Serfs. <b>+22 Gene-Seed Recovered. </b><br/>
- 7 Psyker Neophyte [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advances: 6 To Lexicani, Remainder Expired. <b>+1 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b><br/>
- 10 Remaining Neophytes [2nd Stage] Attempt Advance With Recovered Gene-Seed: 5 to Scouts [1st Stage], Remainder Become Serfs. <b>+5 Gene-Seed Re-Recovered.</b><br/>
- 6 Techmarine Candidates/2 Apothecary Candidates/3 Chaplain Candidates Located amongst Scouts [1st Stage], Remanded Into Appropriate Brotherhoods For Training.<br/>
- Avatar of Khaine Studies Begun: Justinius Probalis and all non-Epistolaries Unusable For <b>2 Turns. </b>(Aka this, and the next)<br/>
- Burning Seeker Forge Improvement Progress (500/500), Additional +50 BP/Turn For Burning Seeker And Chapter.<br/>
- Rapier Study (355/???). No Rapiers Destroyed. Formerly Dissembled Quad-Bolter Rapier Re-Assembled Successfully.<br/>
[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 456+54+Apollo(29)=539/800]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill 5 to 6: 40+76+Tarkus(25)=141/600]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill 4 To 5: 201+44+Apollo(29)=274/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Agility 4 To 5: 325+38+Cyrus(29)=392/500]<br/>
.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><b>By Duty, Bring Death<br/>
+030.M42+ To +035.M42+<br/>
+<i>Pain Now! Reward In The Afterlife!</i>+</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left">​</div>“Chapter Master we’ve arrived – SHIFT TO PORT!” Hadrian bellows, suddenly turning the chapter’s ships in shuddering acceleration as they almost run into a large pile of floating scrap before the last of the vestigial warp energies have drifted into non-existence.<br/>
<br/>
“What has happened Hadrian,” you call out, even as warning klaxons blare.<br/>
<br/>
“We almost ran right into a series of wrecks, and fresh too,” he responds from the command throne, while serfs run back and forth and babble to one another across the entire bridge. “Hold on…there are some Imperial beacons present.”<br/>
<br/>
“They are Imperial wrecks? What happened, what has happened to the Liberation Crusade forces?!”<br/>
<br/>
There are several intense moments of silence from Hadrian as he absorbs the information flowing into his skull by his implants and subordinates, before he finally grunts and stands from it to come stand by you.<br/>
<br/>
“We were a bit later than expected. The Crusade’s commanders moved forward without us. The fighting has expanded across the entire system.”<br/>
<br/>
It is not as if you would demand that they all have waited for you, it would be pointless for one and foolishly petulant for another. Regardless, as you roll your shoulders out to release some of the odd kinks in the bionics resulting from the training that was performed in the warp on your way here, you cannot help but think that it is perhaps a little foreboding that the orks were capable of delivering such a blow to humanity like this. For too long had the Korianis Sector been satisfied with simply pushing the orks of this system back, never fully contributing the forces to completely crush and exterminate the greenskins. It is not entirely without reason, of course. More immediate threats demanding strength be turned elsewhere is one of the banes of the Imperium’s existence after all. Still, the knowledge that broken and ruined Imperial ships are even now floating past your Chapter Fleet through the void is not particularly welcome.<br/>
<br/>
But regardless. The Blood Ravens have come to the Polonius Subsector, and it is time that the orks here finally be fully dislodged.<br/>
<div style="text-align: left"><br/>​</div>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Polonius Review" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Polonius Review said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<div style="text-align: center">Polonius Overview<br/>​</div>The principal threat has been identified. Warboss Bonebreaka is a powerfully built example of his kind, but it is his tactical sense that is worrying. Disturbingly capable at beating the various orks of the system in order, willing to liberally make use of what measure of ‘subterfuge’ an ork is capable of, and brutal enough to not even need it most of the time, Bonebreaka has unified the system beneath himself in recent years. Ork population build-up has been registered as a nascent WAAAAGH!!! and efforts were undertaken to prevent it from reaching that critical point. The presence of all major ‘klan’ subtypes of ork society as noted in the Librarium records are present in the system, while Warboss Bonebreaka himself appears to be of the Deathskull’s clan – which explains where and why he possesses such powerful weaponry including known Imperial vessels that were looted for him. Preliminary investigations have learned that Bonebreaka arrived in-system already at the head of a powerful fleet, intending to conquer the system and turn it into his personal dominion. The resources he arrived with allowed him to crush the other orks present in time, and he has now bent the whole system to his purpose.<br/>
<br/>
Unfortunately, many battles have already occurred in the time it has taken the Blood Ravens to arrive from Subsector Aurelia to aid the already begun Liberation Crusade.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Navy attempted for a rapid conclusion which would break the full might of the orkish fleet by baiting them into one massive battle. The bait was taken, but unfortunately the orkish space assets were greater than initially estimated, with several orkish ships managing to flank and attack the rear of the Navy’s ships. While the Navy eventually managed to break the haphazard encirclement of their formation, and dealt a considerable amount of damage to the enemy fleet, the end result was more than mutual dissatisfaction. Currently the main ork fleet has retreated to the planet Spinesnap while the Imperial Navy has moved on the other three worlds in system, attempting to deliver their cargos so that more of the system might be taken now that the fast solution has failed. Three frigates were hijacked in this engagement and returned into orbit over the world Spinesnap where they are currently undergoing orkish ‘retrofitting’ for lack of a better word.<br/>
<br/>
Of considerable concern to the Administratum is how much damage is dealt to the planets themselves. They are, after all, being evaluated for liberation from the boot of the alien and future colonization by humanity. The more damage that is dealt to the worlds within the now named Zemel System, the longer this will take, and the more annoyed the Administratum will be. This is something that not even the zealous sisters of battle present are entirely willing to test. Precision is key, and wanton destruction of the planets will not be tolerated for anyone who wishes for the Administratum to not hold them in dis-favor, which can often spell a death sentence for many.<br/>
<br/>
Communications between the Blood Ravens and the rest of the Imperium’s forces is sparse, save for an acknowledgement of your presence and an extremely threadbare thanks for your potential aid. Notably, however, the Order of the Lost Rosetta said nothing at all, though they surely are aware of your presence. Currently the relative disorganization of the system’s theater due to the disastrous initial battle which required falling on back-up plans not properly prepared for has meant that the current overall Imperial commanders present have yet to specify specific targets that they would desire to be struck by the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
<b>'Greenkrump'</b><br/>
A jungle world based upon a single great continent, Greenkrump is inhabited by orks of the ‘Snakebite’ and ‘Goff’ varieties. They are currently boiling over with small amounts of inter-warfare as the Goffs beat in the Snakebite’s heads in order to force them to produce many squiggoths for the upcoming WAAAAGH!!! that is set to tear across the entire sector. Various ships hang in orbit over this world, keeping a close eye on the growing population of warbeasts that the Warboss seems to desire for his forces. Over a billion orks and creatures infest the jungles of the planet. The orks on this planet are under the dual leadership of Boss Slitherjaw of the Snakebites and Boss Fistkicka of the Goffs. It is suspected that after from Spinesnap, that this planet possesses the highest amount of orks in the system.<br/>
<br/>
Imperial Navy forces are currently struggling to achieve some measure of orbital supremacy so that they can properly support the troops that have already landed – having ferried the Order of the Lost Rosetta forth so that they may cleanse the planet. The current Canoness of the Order of the Lost Rosetta has been sighted on-planet, personally leading the fighting.<br/>
<br/>
<b>'Dustboom'</b><br/>
Massive deserts and wide wastelands cover this entire planet over, with what little vegetation and water existing on the planet being highly coveted resources for the more powerful orks on the planet. Also highly coveted are the minerals beneath the surface which have been relegated to the sacrilegious usage of the orks as they create various vehicles that rampage about the whole of the planet – the ork variety present here being of the ‘Deathskulls’ and ‘Evil Sunz’ sort.  Rival meks have battled here for centuries, leaving behind the shattered remains of hundreds of tanks both hand-made and crafted, custom battlewagons, war trukks, and more. Under Warboss Bonebreaka, however, this usual rivalry has stopped and the constant boom of guns and cannons upon this world are now all pointing in the same vague direction i.e. towards humanity. There are multiple Big Meks leading the orks present, all under the currently hidden Mekboss Killdakka.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Navy has achieved orbital superiority here, but are still forced to remain cautious as massive ork mek guns are capable of producing firepower capable of reaching ships at the altitude where orbital fire might be launched. Anti-air vehicles trundle across the landscape, firing indiscriminately in the sky though they focus quickly whenever an actual target appears. The Imperial Guard has launched out here in force, challenging the metal might of the meks here with the concentrated mailed fist of their own. There are currently several running battles going on between tank battalions and orkish creations. <b>[Note: Presence of looted Predator Tanks has been confirmed based on Imperial Guard reports. ]<br/>
<br/>
Spinesnap</b><br/>
As close to a ‘capital world’ as this system might possess within the bloody grasp of Warboss Bonebreaka, this jungle world possesses numerous mountain chains which are completely slathered with haphazard weaponry pointed in every conceivable direction. In some cases right at each other. Here is where the majority of the orkish fleet remains, held in a close defensive posture despite the otherwise normal aggressiveness of their species. The clearly stolen and looted Imperial vessels which sit at the heart of the formation are the most significant threat due to their advanced weaponry, though whether or not they are capable of being recovered after the battle is unknown. After the mutually disastrous void engagement at the beginning of the Liberation Crusade of the system, the orks have retreated here to lick their wounds. The orks present on this planet are a somewhat ‘equal’ mix of the various major ork klans, though nothing is for certain given the difficulty in approaching the planet for more thorough intelligence gathering. It is assumed that Warboss Bonebreaka is present, as he did not die in the initial battle and openly howled insults on his retreat to Spinesnap into the ears of the Imperial Navy…and anyone else who was listening to him broadcast on all channels.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Navy is currently attempting to marshal strength near Spinesnap to attempt to break the xenos fleet present, or at least prevent them from reinforcing the three other worlds in the system. No forces are present on the surface of the planet. <b>[Note: It has been rumored that there is a Space Marine Strike Cruiser present somewhere in the thick of the orkish formation – albeit obscured by whatever desecrations the orks have layered upon it.]<br/>
<br/>
Shinehole</b><br/>
Previously believed to be uninhabitable entirely, this was instead the result of a weakened ozone layer for the planet closest to the system’s sun. Powerful radiation blasts the surface of the planet, keeping all life beneath its surface. Here, the orks have apparently been breeding in secret for quite some time, but that is not the planet’s true purpose amongst the orks. Instead, the planet’s impressive tunnel system, carved out by the orks and whatever its previous inhabitants were over thousands of years, acts as a planet-sized storehouse. Looted weaponry, guns, tanks, creations, bodies, scalps, sticks, particularly impressive piles of dung, and more all fill the tunnels of this place. This also means that the orks defend this place extremely aggressively. Now that the ruse is up, the Imperium finally managing to exert some effort on the system beyond the most cursory of scans, the orks are fighting that much harder to keep everyone else away from their slowly collected piles of treasure from various sources over an unknowable amount of time and sources. The orks of the cultural inclinations of the Blood Axes and Bad Moons reign supreme here, unleashing a bevy of looted weaponry and some of the best possible weapons that orks can create to your knowledge. It is unknown what ork leaders reign here, or if it is just a bevy of extremely belligerent orks trying to defend their pile of ill-gotten gains.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Navy is struggling to hold orbital superiority here against orkish ships, while the Imperial Guard is being slaughtered in droves as they attempt to drive into the tunnels, barely holding what beachheads they have been able to make within the tunnel mouths. The depth of the tunnels makes orbital support iffy and air support pointless. The ground troops suffer brief exposure to near-lethal radiation each time they exit their transports and run for the tunnels. <b>[Note: Shinehole’s orks have been noted wielding plenty of Imperial Weaponry, up to and including looted Leman Russ tanks, lascannons, and more. It is unknown what else they might possess.]<br/>
<br/>
Ork ‘Killa Team’ Flotillas</b><br/>
While Warboss Bonebreaka is of the Deathskulls, he possesses an ally in a Blood Axe ork. ‘Supa-Kaptin’ Krarg appears to be a long-time second in command to Bonebreaka and seems to be acting as an orkish equivalent to an Admiral. Multiple small packs of ork kill kroozers flit about the system, nipping at the heels of the Imperial Navy and Imperial Guard transports. They strike and then retreat, something that likely requires quite the forceful personality or offered rewards to ensure that such retreating is done, before the ships reappear out of the warp elsewhere in the system. While not yet a major threat, they continue to be an issue in terms of attrition upon the already beleaguered Imperials present. Any attempts to chase one pack down results in the arrival of others, meaning that without a strong concentrated force baiting and then crushing them, the pursuers are inevitably surrounded and destroyed – or have to risk flight into the warp.<br/>
<br/>
No force in the system is currently dealing with this, the Imperial Navy’s forces fully engaged across all of Zemel.<br/>
<div style="text-align: left">​</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote><div style="text-align: left">​</div> <br/>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Estimated Naval Presences Across System" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Estimated Naval Presences Across System said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b>Greenkrump</b><br/>
- 1 Hammer Battlekroozer<br/>
- 20 Kill Kroozers<br/>
- 8 Onslaught Attack Ships<br/>
vs.<br/>
- 1 Emperor-class Battleship<br/>
- 2 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
- 5 Dictator-class Cruisers<br/>
- 3 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 25 Escorts (x14 Cobra, x5 Sword, x6 Firestorm)<br/>
- 2 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
- 3 Overlord-class Battlecruisers<br/>
- 10 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 13 Escorts (x10 Firestorm, x3 Cobra)<br/>
- 4 Universe-class Mass Conveyors<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
- 5 Looted Battleships (x2 Retribution-class, x2 Oberon-class, x1 Apocalypse-class [Flagship Vessel])<br/>
- 4 Looted Battlecruisers (x3 Overlord-class, x1 Mars-class)<br/>
- 10 Kill Kroozers [Strike Cruiser Hull Suspected In Usage For A Kill Kroozer Present]<br/>
- 10 Onslaught Attack Ships, 5 Terror Ships<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
- 1 Ork 'Battleship'<br/>
- 9 Ork Kill Kroozers<br/>
- 12 Onslaught Attack Ships, 8 Terror Ships<br/>
vs.<br/>
- 1 Overlord-class Battlecruiser<br/>
- 3 Dictator-class Cruisers<br/>
- 7 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
- 5 Escorts<br/>
- 3 Universe-class Mass Conveyors
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote> <br/>
<b><u>Current Plans For Stage One Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One/Do Not <i>Need</i> To Head To Every Theater At Once]:</u><br/>
Greenkrump</b><br/>
[] Deploy On The Ground: While the Order of the Lost Rosetta has not shown any particular favor for the Blood Ravens recently, in fact the opposite, they might welcome some aid in battle. Or take it as an insult that you thought they couldn’t do it on their own. It is impossible to know what Canonness Margaret might think. Regardless, it is time for the orks of Greenkrump to suffer the hand of the Blood Ravens. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Take The Sky: The Imperial Navy is struggling to maintain itself over Greenkrump, especially with the occasional ork ‘killa team’ flotilla showing up and attacking them from the side before disappearing before proper reprisal can be proffered. Once this is done, proper orbital fire and air support can be directed onto the planet below. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dustboom</b><br/>
[] Starting Out Of Range: Land troops on Dustboom in areas already claimed by the Imperial Guard, and thus out of the range of orkish anti-orbitals and anti-air, that can then fight alongside the Imperial Guard with their own fury. The large amount of armor in the enemy’s ranks demand just about the same.<br/>
-[] Crush Enemy Tanks: There is nothing for it, the enemy must be destroyed. They infest Dustboom, and must be shot to pieces and destroyed wherever they are found. Fighting alongside the Guard in this should make for…an interesting fight. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[] Destroy Defenses: The Imperial Guard knows what it is doing when it comes to such massive battles. Space Marines could, instead, try to make for surgical strikes against the massive orkish guns which prevent proper orbital support. They would be on their own, and if caught likely to be torn apart by the thickets of enemy armor, but success would bring an overall victory that much sooner. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Spinesnap</b><br/>
[] Attempted Infiltration: You do not possess nearly the firepower required to break the ork fleet which hangs over Spinesnap, but you could attempt to at least temporarily draw their ire so that some troops might be inserted onto the planet itself to begin fighting against the orks on the planet itself. This would open them to the risk of orkish orbital bombardment, however. On the other hand, the information they could learn about Bonebreaka could be valuable for the rest of the fight.<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Wait: You are not yet strong enough to face this foe in open battle, but if you were able to aid the Imperials across the rest of the system they might gather their own strength enough to take the fight to the enemy here instead.<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<b>Shinehole</b><br/>
[] Into The Dark: The orks here are some of the best equipped in the entire nascent WAAAGH!!!, and are in their home territory. The Guard are only just holding onto what few beachheads they possess, and must be reinforced. It will be rough tunnel fighting, but necessary to fully expunge the orks from this place. This will surely be the most difficult of fights possible to reach at this moment in the Crusade. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] The Sky Is Ours: The Imperial Navy is struggling to hold off the orks they just dislodged from the stars in this area, and could be aided. They are split between chasing down the orks which once hung above Shinehole uncontested and ferrying troops to the surface and wounded back into their berths. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Something Else: (Write-In)<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
=============================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><br/>
"This will be no simple thing, Tarkus," Cyrus growled as he glared at the tactical map which mirrored the situation on the planet below them.<br/>
<br/>
"There is little that is easy when it comes to the duty of our kind, Cyrus," the Captain of the 5th shook his head slightly, though he too was somewhat troubled by what he saw. "But my brothers are ready, and I know your forces are as well."<br/>
<br/>
The 5th and 10th Companies of the Blood Ravens floated in silence above Trontiux III, their deadly cargo eager to be deployed. For this was a Recruiting World of the Chapter, and they had already lost far too many. That they would be threatened again, and by feral orks of all things? No, it was a situation that could not be allowed to continue. Even without speaking the two who had fought together across all three Aurelian Crusades knew well enough what each other were thinking. The orks of this world had not ever been truly beaten into the grave by the Blood Ravens, their very nature providing a whetstone upon which to sharpen the populations of the planet to improve the stock of their recruits. But they had overstepped themselves, gone beyond their means, and now, the Blood Ravens would punish them for it. With extreme prejudice.<br/>
<br/>
"Let us begin," Cyrus slowly tapped his fingers in staccato along the edge of the tactical map, scrutinizing the information brought from the Librariums, the auspex scans, and even from that of the Epistolary.​</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>​</div>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Trontiux III Overview" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Trontiux III Overview said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
			Multiple human citadel-cities are located on various plateaus across Trontiux III surface. Trontiux III possesses two main continents with a small scattering of islands connecting them. One, named Petramis, is mainly inhabited by humanity connected between the massive plateaus by enormous bridges and heavily guarded roads carved through the jungle. The other, Pacemen, is wholly inhabited by orks. Occasionally the feudal lords of Trontiux III make an effort to cleanse first Petramis, and then Pacemen by boat and by hopping across the Black Archipelago which is the closest thing to a land-bridge between them. None of these efforts have ever truly succeeded in the long-run, with the orks eventually forcing mankind back onto Petramis and back up into their heavily defended and somewhat self-sustaining cities. At some points the citadel-cities fall, but are later reclaimed, and so the bloody existence on Trontiux III goes on. The orks rampage in the jungles around the plateaus and boil over from Pacemen with unpredictable yet acknowledged regularity. There are two acknowledged ‘seasons’ on Trontiux III. The Season of Blood, when the lords of the world march out from their citadels and down from the plateaus and make another attempt to remove the orks forever, and the Season of Pain, when they are pushed back to those same citadels and forced to bunker down for up to an entire generation to pass as the orks bloody themselves against the walls and each other and break down.<br/>
<br/>
This latest Season of Pain, on the other hand, has been going on for three generations, the longest in recent memory. The orks have not fallen out amongst themselves, and they are only growing in number. Some of the citadels have fallen, their citizenry slaughtered and their lords brought low. Squigs run rampant through the jungle, and the orks seem to possess a strange purpose to themselves as they march. The presence of a Warboss is suspected, but has not made any major sign of their presence at all.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: left"><b>Petramis, Cradle Of Humanity On Trontiux III</b>​</div>Dominated by dozens of large citadel-cities of humanity, with massive walls and heavily defended tunnel systems. Each resembles the concept of ancient Terra’s castles of old, writ large enough to possess farms and a considerable population each. For the most part, they remain viable and strong against the enemy, but three have fallen entirely, the orks picking across the remains, stealing the stone and metal in vast quantities in salvaging rarely seen by the orks of this planet. Each citadel-city is built upon massive plateaus, with the vast jungles of the world growing all around them on all sides. The jungles are currently utterly infested with orks in extreme numbers. Purgation recommended, but continual orbital bombardment is not due to the danger of geological damage dealt to the surrounding areas causing potential collapse of the citadel-plateaus themselves. Ironically, if the orks of this world were of a more technological bent, the typical firepower and ramshackle construction they use would have long ago seen to the tectonic destruction of humanities place on the planet entirely. <b>[Note: Orbital Bombardment restricted on Petramis due to dangers of causing chain reaction resulting in destruction of citadel-cities of Trontiux III</b>.]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Points of Note</u>:<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Citadel A = Closest to the Black Archipelago, and the first to fall to the resent resurgence of the orks on the planet. It has been almost completely stripped of its former signs of habitation, and instead is undergoing transformation into a massive ork hold to replace it. At the moment, however, it is yet unfinished. Many gaps remain in its defenses – which at the moment are represented by swathes of orks and their horrible pets, as well as squig monstrosities.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Citadel B = Further from the Black Archipelago, and more recently fallen, it remains somewhat still recognizable as a human settlement. This location has been chosen for apparent penning of the several squiggoths of the variety known to stand at about the same height as Leman Russ tanks of the Imperial Guard. They are apparently undergoing feeding, healing, and insane surgeries to ‘improve’ them before the next push onto another citadel. The care of the alien for their monstrous pets is extreme, and defenses here are in fact more strongly complete and thorough than at Citadel A, though bereft of higher technologies. It should be noted, however, that the divergent creations of orks have been noted to be able to detect stealth by technology with their own mutated and specially bred senses.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Citadel C = Equidistant from Citadel A as Citadel B is, this location seems to be simply filled with orks. The rest have filed into the jungles to surround the citadel-cities themselves, or killed each other, or whatever else they may have felt inclined to do. It has yet to serve some specific strategic purpose compared to Citadel A or B other than a large barracks, without any major defenses to speak of. Other than the thousands of orks there, of course.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Jungles of Petramis = The jungles of Petramis are swarming with orks in vast numbers, enough to easily overwhelm even a squad of space marines if caught unawares. The jungle cover and their many centuries on the planet have ensured that they are consummately successful jungle fighters, skilled at remaining in stealth within the jungle…to the instruments of the lords of Trontiux III, whose weaponry does not yet include guns beyond basic blackpowder rifles which explode more often than not. It is here that the greatest amount of greenskins can be found, however, on Petramis itself.</li>
</ol> <br/>
<b>Black Archipelago</b><br/>
A series of islands which have been used as stepstones to go from Petramis to Pacemen and back again by both humanity and orks. It has been so named due to the fact that the amount of blood spilled here has permanently stained the soil black across all of the islands entirely. Currently massive bridges made of dead squigs, living squigs, squiggoths, rock, wood, and rope made from a dozen sources connect the islands and continents. It is ramshackle in the extreme, but the orks use it without care, driving their great war beasts over and towards their foes with glee. It is the main channeling point providing the orks access to Petramis. If this area could be taken, it could provide a temporary relief to Petramis itself from even more orks coming across – for it is likely that the orks of Pacemen would construct aquatic rafts or somesuch to ensure the fighting can continue, but not for some time after.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pacemen, The Green Tide’s Home On Trontiux III</b><br/>
A massive sprawling continent of intense jungles, occasional rolling hills, and dipped tunnels, Pacemen has long been home to none but the orks of Trontiux III. Dozens of attempts have been made by the feudal lords of this world to exterminate the orks, but no beachheads have ever remained for longer than a generation or two. Here the orks are truly established, with over a hundred ork forts recognizable from orbit – likely due to the fact that the feral orks here do not yet comprehend the sheer damage that aerial combatants can do just yet, much less orbital fire. Massive clearings can be seen from orbit where the jungle has been cut away to make room for various squiggoth creations, including a few notably large Orkeosaurus variants which are currently being trained and equipped for war. Such is their size and strength that should they progress into Petramis that the citadels would surely be cracked open without difficulty. There is no specific sign of the enemy leader who has unified the orks of the planet so, or led them to success thus far over, and initial psyker scannings cannot locate any particularly massive outpourings of the bestial WAAAAGH!!! energies just yet, though some shamans have been located on both Pacemen and Petramis.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Points Of Note:</u><br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Orkeosaurus Breeding Grounds: A large squiggoth is the size of a Leman Russ battle tank. A gargantuan squiggoth can match size with an Imperial Knight. An Orkeosaurus is the size of a full Imperial Titan, and nearly as deadly depending on its equipment. Its own natural armors aside, enough armored padding can make them even worse to deal with. At the moment, some are visible from orbit in massive cleared areas clearly meant as breeding and training grounds. None have yet been sighted on Petramis itself, a blessing as just one would likely be able to crack open a citadel-city on its lonesome, let alone the dozen or so present on the planet.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Various Ork Forts: A benefit of facing a foe so culturally anti-technology as an orkish population following the ‘klan’ of the Snakebites – or so the extensive notes of the Librarium describes – is that they have built their defenses with their specific foes in mind. That is, the humans on Trontiux III who march in simple steel armor, wielding primitive blades and shields, with barely a primitive black powder gun among them. Thus, they are open to the skies, either by thunderhawk bombing runs or outright orbital bombardment.</li>
</ol><div style="text-align: center">​</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Current Plans For Stage One Of Engagement [Can Select More Than One]:</u></b>​</div><b>Petramis</b>:<br/>
[] Ride Out Into The Dawn - The orks have been beating their heads against the citadel-cities for a considerable length of time. If you were to land your forces there, and march out from the gates, you would be able to throttle them down in great numbers as they are gathered in very large numbers outside of the citadel-cities for your own forces to tear them to shreds. At the moment, of course, you do not yet possess the ability to cull the orks entirely from the jungle...but this would be a good start. It would also likely ingratiate you to the feudal lords to see the Angels of Death arrive and protect them in person. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
[] Fury From The Skies - For too long have the orks of this world assumed the sky held no major threat for them. It is time to change that. While orbital bombardments are not recommended lest the plateaus be collapsed or something similar, more concentrated and skillfully delivered bombing runs and targeted airstrikes could tear apart enemy positions across Petramis. This would allow you to obliterate the orks upon the plateaus, possibly creating the opportunity to claim them for yourself in at least some temporary measure as FOBs. [Write-In Forces Contributed]<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Black Archipelago:</b><br/>
[] Take And Hold - From the skies, rain down destruction upon the various bridges connecting the islands and continents, and then deliver drop pods amongst the islands to scourge them of the greenskins upon them. In this manner, this vital choke-point between the two continents can be defended, potentially reinforced, and allow the feudal humans a way to strike back in the future. Just as well, fortifications built upon these islands will ensure that the orks will have a visible target to attack, and thus to die against. [Write-In Forces Contributed To This Action]<br/>
[] Obliteration - For too long has the Black Archipelago provided a passage point for the orks to arrive in Petramis. It must be dealt with, and here there is no worry of catastrophic geological damage. Initiate continual orbital bombardment and burn these islands out of existence. In the future, it will require that the orks travel to Petramis by sea, and there will be no main central funnel for them to travel across meaning that their arrivals would be more spread out, but in the immediate moment this will greatly aid in the current culling of the orks. The people of the world can adapt to the circumstances later on, with a hopefully much reduced orkish population. <b>Black Archipelago destroyed. Orks will require alternate passage to arrive on Petramis in the future. </b><br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Pacemen</b><br/>
[] Fear The Skies - There are no anti-air weaponry for you to face. Some flying creatures, to be sure, but nothing that can challenge a thunderhawk, and nothing at all that can stop an orbital bombardment. For too long have the orks of this world been allowed free reign, and they have forgotten to fear the void itself. Every settlement visible from the air, every ork hold, ork fort, watch tower, and workshop, every pit and place where they breed their foul creatures from the smallest of squigs to their mighty Orkeosaurus variants must burn. Or be exploded. Or torn apart by heavy bolter fire. What matters is that they face death. There is no fear of geological damage, indeed, it would only provide a boon if earthquakes were to rumble across Pacemen!<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)</div>
  </body>
</html>