<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Five)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part Five)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Orderly Movements</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Orderly Movements<br/>
-[X] Teleport To The Litany Of Fury<br/>
--[X] From the Squad Retrieval Group: 10 Terminators from 1st Squad, Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chapter Honor Guard will teleport onboard and take the fight to the enemy boarders before they can enact any schemes to sabotage or takeover the ship or corrupt gene seed or any other Eldar plots<br/>
-[X] Loot Enemy Command Center<br/>
--[X] All forces in the Squad Retrieval Group (5th Company, non-TH named characters) who didn't teleport out. Ensure these forces have working locator beacons with clean signals in case they need to be teleported out in a hurry. Once at the Command Center, high priority should be to secure their egress route to link up with incoming Thunderhawks.<br/>
-[X] Heading To The Hangars<br/>
--[X] Forces assigned to destroy Defensive Lance Battery 3 (All 1st Company not defending Hangers 2 or going to find Doukas, Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus, Chaplain Ateren) return from there backtracking along their previously cleared route for speed and ease of travel<br/>
-[X] From The Hangers<br/>
--[X] Defensive forces stay on station until the Lance Battery 3 forces return, then pack up and mount the Thunderhawks for egress.<br/>
---[X] Send enough Thunderhawks to the Enemy Command Center to pick up the forces transiting there after they finish (undermanned as necessary to fit everyone on the return trip), along with any items they are bringing back (recovered artifacts, intelligence that needs more time to decipher, etc).<br/>
---[X] All others travel back to the Litany of Fury as late reinforcements</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: left">​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Bringing Fire To Darkness<br/>
+015.M42+ To +020.M42+<br/>
+<i>Distrust The Xeno, Hate The Xeno, Kill The Xeno</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
Teleportation is a dangerous technology, but one that must be used regardless. It is far too useful to give up, it is as simple as that. That does not mean that you do not need to steel yourself for the oncoming rush through the warp. You hear the words of the initiation rites, the swelling of otherworldly power that surrounds Justinius, and the righteous fury of Hannibal as he bellows against the very warp itself should it dare to make you tarry in your journey. Then, with the depression of the activation runes, the world lifts, twists, and turns inside out. For an instant, nothing more, you are pulled wildly through the immaterium and hear the endless cackling of daemons and its denizens. You are a space marine, and know no fear, and yet it is simply unavoidable that <i>something</i> frozen tears its way up and down your spine as before your open eyes the incomprehensible insanity of the warp blazes its way before you.<br/>
<br/>
Then it is over, and you are upon your former flagship and home. Before you have even taken your first lungful of smoke-clogged air nor have your ears begun to process the sound of weaponry both Imperial and xeno firing are you swinging <i>Godsplitter</i> upwards so that its head strikes a leaping incubi in the ground and causing everything upwards of that point to explode in viscera and metal. All around you battle commences within a split second of arrival, over the bodies of slain chapter serfs and dead eldar. For once, there are none of their disgusting grotesques or wracks, but only the xenos themselves left alive after you slew all they could muster.<br/>
<br/>
Good. You tire of killing slaves when you would kill their masters. Especially when you know where they are.<br/>
<br/>
“To the bridge!” you bellow as you lead the charge, attacking the xenos from behind as they slaughter serfs and battle combat servitors through the heavily damaged corridors. For once, it is you who hold surprise against <i>them</i>, and it is a feeling you relish as you end their monstrous existences.<br/>
<br/>
“Let none find us wanting!”<br/>
<br/>
Some of your party splits off, instead heading either to protect the apothecarium where distress signals from those there have been received or for the engines, but the majority of those who teleported charge alongside you along the corridors. The signs of battle are rampant, but even without an actual 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to man the ships defensively Hadrian has performed remarkably well given the sheer number of corpses found. Many even located just outside of their damn boarding slivers which jut into the hull here and there. But it is to the bridge where you go, and the bridge you find yourself at, or at least just before it.<br/>
<br/>
Hacking apart a dying serf who was once almost a space marine before the implants failed to properly integrate, stands an utterly hulking creature which bears only the faintest resemblance to the eldar it might once have been. Surrounded by other incubi, the eldar turns, and yet behind it you can see the doors to the bridge have been carved and blasted open by their destructive alien technologies. Whatever the creature is, whatever might have given rise to it, you simply do not find it within yourself to care. What matters truly at this point is <i>killing </i>it, and Justinius provides. As its guards and handlers leap forward without hesitation to face you, Hannibal, and the others, your Chief Librarian seems to blur reality itself to surprise the creature as he simply appears in front of it. The details of the fight are largely lost to you as you busy yourself with the frustratingly agile incubi which face you in turn, spitting poisoned slivers and pulse pistols at you while they dance around the strikes of <i>Godsplitter</i>, but by the time you manage to shoulder check one into a wall and plant a fist into the ribcage and through it, and twist your daemonhammer in your grip so that it trips up the other and sends it crashing to the floor where Apollo kills it with a stomp while he kills his own opponents despite their attempts to cut through his armor, there is a blast of psychic energies.<br/>
<br/>
By the time you return your gaze to Justinius, he stands atop a charred pile of meat and armor that has at least half of its original mass simply missing from existence entirely, lighting and fire crackling off of his frame. Perhaps he found the anti-psychic defenses of the dark eldar to be particularly frustrating and wished to take out said frustration upon them once it was stripped away. What matters, of course, is the bridge, and you are moving rather than saying anything else, followed by the others in turn. Only Hannibal speaks, a low constant litany of fury – appropriate, some grim humorous fraction of you notes – about the desecration done here and the retribution that shall be dealt out to it.<br/>
<br/>
When you enter onto the bridge of the <i>Litany</i>, where you yourself stood for over a century, you leapt immediately into battle once more. Yet more Incubi were present, but they faced no fresh battle brothers promoted out of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company or even those more veterans of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>. They fought the Honor Guard, and the leading members of the Chapter itself as a whole. Hannibal simply bulls over another wrack that outmassed him with his sheer strength, while Apollo deftly assaults some of the bulkier incubi who have obviously cut their way through far too much Imperial blood given the splatters across them. As for the Archon himelf…you sight him, just as he reaches the Command Throne where Hadrian sits.<br/>
<br/>
But as you charge forward, you find yourself confronted by not by another eldar, but in fact a Sslyth, one of the vile alien mercenaries often found in the employ of such creatures as the dark eldar. <i>Godsplitter</i> rises and falls against one of its held klaives, shattering the alien blade, but there are yet three more which whirl towards you fast enough to tear into your armor as a visible field of power glows upon them. Hadrian’s yell up ahead galvanizes you, but the simple fact of the matter is that the damndable sslyth is like the rest of its kind in that it is all but inured to physical pain and thus does not seem to take into effect the fact that you slam your hammer into it with enough force to certainly kill a normal space marine. At least, at first. Immunity to pain does not mean that the damage itself is not sustained. Amidst the broken consoles and shattered bodies of your serfs, you batter it again and again until it simply cannot move any more after you have reduced its innards to useless paste.<br/>
<br/>
“DIE YOU INSUFFURABLE HUMAN!!”<br/>
<br/>
Your eyes rise, to find Hadrian held up by the throat of the Archon, easily denoted by a banner of screaming faces sewn into a single layer of glossy human flesh which is wrapped upon three stiffened spines connected the back of its armor. Around you the rest of the battle is winding down simply by the utter destruction of your foes and all those that the rest of your battle brothers faced, yet as you rush forward, <i>Godsplitter</i> at the ready, the Archon falls back, honest surprise on his face, with a single massive gaping hole marking where flesh and armor were vaporized instantly. Hadrian, an entire klaive slammed through his chest and out the back, falls to a knee, yet spits defiantly at the corpse of his foe as the twin plasma guns he holds in his hands screech wildly as the heat cooks off of them.<br/>
<br/>
“And stay…off….my…ship!” he snarls before tipping over, blood spurting wildly out around the blade of the klaive.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================<br/>​</div>Twelve hours later, and the battle is over. The Anchorage’s broken remains as the last of its internal systems failed utterly float freely within the void, while your own brothers have returned once more to the fleet itself. The knowledge garnered by those who raided the abandoned command center will likely be of use given enough study, which the Librarium can perform in accordance with the rest of the vast amounts of knowledge remaining in the chapter records. Hadrian himself will live, though it will take a small amount of time for him to heal from his impaling. He was coherent enough, at least once given the proper stimulants from the apothecaries, to give you what information he could.<br/>
<br/>
The foe, slain by his hand, had proclaimed himself as the Archon of the Split Hearts Kabal, as well as a sundry pile of threats to violate every single living individual on the <i>Litany of Fury</i> in the most terrible of ways for daring to destroy his sanctuary. Where the Archon planned on taking the ship is unknown to you, but Codicier Nero spoke of dark spaces and darker places when he shredded the dark eldar who attempted to raid or destroy the Librarius itself. Martellus, still on the <i>Litany</i> had personally seen to the defense of the reactors and engines, and noted with no small amount of apprehension that the haemonculus who he slew rather thoroughly possessed a disturbing amount of ability with Imperial technology. To the point of even overwriting numerous servitors and servo skulls on the ship to his purposes in the very middle of the fight. Had Martellus managed to drive a rapier into the incredibly tight corridors and used it successfully you might have had to deal with the actual ship itself turning against you even if you held the bridge.<br/>
<br/>
Regardless.<br/>
<br/>
“Admiral Whitmore,” you greet the mustachioed fat man as he glares at you with undisguised contempt from the holo-screen, both of his eyes aggressively bloodshot from the sheer exertion of the furious battle that had occurred within the void.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” he grunts back, before running a hand down his face. “Are you aware of the fact that I have lost <i>tens of thousands of lives</i> in crewmen, and several good captains in that fight?”<br/>
<br/>
“I am, yes. I am sorry for their loss.”<br/>
<br/>
“Bah,” he huffs, waving your condolences to the side with the same gruffness as he has ever displayed thus far. “They knew the stakes. Do you know how rarely we’ve actually been able to <i>confront</i> eldar in their bloody ships without them skittering away?”<br/>
<br/>
Given their normal cowardly nature, it is likely that it is indeed more than a little rare.<br/>
<br/>
“This is what the Navy is <i>for</i>, to strike down all those who would threaten the Imperium from its God-Emperor given right to mastery over the void itself,” he sneers before spitting to the side. “But it does not mean that this has greatly reduced our available manpower.”<br/>
<br/>
Then his expression brightens slightly, though it is hard to tell through the folds of flesh upon him for sure.<br/>
<br/>
“But now, a world of humanity has been returned to the Imperium and freed from the depredations of the xenos. Our own little piece of the Age of Strife, returned to the present. I hear the Order of the Lost Rosetta is already gearing up to enlighten the savages below.”<br/>
<br/>
Ah. Part of you had thought perhaps about the world’s potential use for the Chapter…<br/>
<br/>
“I’m heading back to Sector Command,” Whitmore speaks up again, and again he seems to lord his larger holographic appearance above you, “But know this, Blood Raven. One battle, one deed, does not excuse or excise what your predecessor was.”<br/>
<br/>
Part of you knows, and seethes ever so slightly, at the disrespect. At the suspicion. At the open contempt. But the larger, wiser remainder of your soul knows for truth that the centuries of heresy which lay within the heart of the Chapter will have results such as this likely beyond your own death. It is inevitable, but that does not mean that it does not wear upon you.<br/>
<br/>
“I understand that more than enough, Admiral. Safe travels.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmph.”<br/>
<br/>
He does not thank you for the fact that your own Chapter Fleet threw itself headlong into the fight, and by Hadrian’s reckoning the Navy would have lost the fight without your aid, but at the same time it is, again, not exactly unexpected. He does not ask after your own lost ships. Nor does he speak further on the Anchorage itself who you note he has his ships bombard to further pieces in the meantime before his ships begin to leave. There is no exchange of favors, or condolences, or anything of the sort. The Navy faced their duty, and were grievously wounded for it. The Blood Ravens did their duty, and suffered losses as well. Then Whitmore leaves, and the Blood Ravens collect their own losses. More of your forces recovered from the Anchorage return to the <i>Litany</i> and help scour it from the rest of the Archons last desperate gambit to flee.<br/>
<br/>
And that is the end of it.<br/>
<br/>
Yet at the same time, it is not. For almost immediately afterwards after minor repairs have begun, with Hadrian’s efforts at preventing the dark eldar from bringing ruination to any truly particularly vital systems successful, the Blood Ravens move out further. With the destruction of the Anchorage, there yet remains plenty more to be done. Cyrus and the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company move out to cull Trontiux II, while others are seconded to other Mechanicus interests. It might frustrate some due to the fact that your Chapter seems too focused on aiding the Mechanicus but you know for a fact that you need to rebuild your Chapter Fleet to its former glory. Without such relations or contracts such as the Iron Hands or Salamanders might possess, you will do as you must for the betterment of the Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
As the next four years and some odd months pass, you find yourself on the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i>, battling its long-standing inhabitants and safeguarding the work of the techpriests as they go about their work in wresting the vast space hulk from the grip of the warp. They are not glorious fights, but instead a dozen or more desperate struggles that you barely win out again and again. Casualties are high, but remarkably they remain only as such. No new dreadnought needs awakening from half-death, no brothers are forced into such a state. That does not mean the fight is not grueling, yet from the constant passes by Aramus in the past and the Mechanicus up until this point you do not at least have to deal with the constant outflow of tyranids or orks as you might have in the past. Instead, the daemons come, and for while they are of the most vicious and horrific of opponents to face, you can at the least prepare for them. Set up kill-zones, and the like. The fight continues, both here, and across the rest of the Imperium, but you shall not falter. None shall find you wanting.<br/>
<div style="text-align: left"><br/>
<u>Stage 3 Complete:</u><br/>
- 2 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Dead. <b>+4 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- Dark Eldar Anchorage Destroyed! All Enemy Ships Destroyed! Command Center Looted! Victory!<br/>
- Zero improvement in Navy relations due to battle casualties taken!<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Mechanicus Detachments</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-[X] Squad Protection<br/>
--[X] 5th Company Tactical Squad<br/>
-[X] Veteran Squad Search<br/>
--[X] 9 5th Company Veterans, Codicer Nero to search for uncorrupted tech<br/>
-[X] Trontiux II Culling<br/>
--[X] 10th Company<br/>
-[X] Return Of Judgement [Crew Quarters]<br/>
--[X] Marcus Crixus (Stormbolter), Uriel Hamul (Thunder Hammer/Storm Shield), Ares Actus (Crozius/Stormbolter), Marcharius Sicarius (Power Fist), Amicus Antal (Powerfist/Stormbolter), 5 1st Company Veterans<br/>
---[X] 5 Tartaros-Pattern for named characters, 5 Indominatus-Pattern for others, applicable relics<br/>
----[X] 2 Heavy Flamers, 1 Assault Cannons, 1 Pair of Lightning Claws, Thunder Hammer, 1 Power Axe, 2 Power Fists, 3 Cyclone Missle Launchers<br/>
------[X] Marcus's terminator group and 1st Company to join Gabriel Angelos on Gellar Field assingment after completion of purging the Crew Quarters<br/>
-----[X] 1st Company Squad plus apothecary to wait in support<br/>
-[X] Return Of Judgement [Gellar Field Installments]<br/>
--[X] Gabriel Angleos, Apollo Diomedes, Hannibal Palrun, Uther, Tarkus Varianus, Justinius Probalis, Damion Tyrin, Doukas Laskaris, 20 1st Company Terminators<br/>
---[X] 5 Tartaros-Pattern armors for Apollo, Tarkus, Justinius, Hannibal, and Doukas. 22 Indominatus-Pattern to everyone else. Applicable relics<br/>
----[X] All other Flamers, Assault Cannons, Plasma Cannons, and melee weapons. Stormbolters to those without a specialist weapon. 5 Cyclone Missle Launchers<br/>
-----[X] Honor Guard and 1 5th Company squad plus apothecary to wait in support</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>- 4 Minor Favors Of Mechanicus Garnered In Exchange For 2 Gladius Frigates! <b>To Be Delivered By Beginning of 020.M42.</b>​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>