<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Mining Mount Drakenhof, Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Mining Mount Drakenhof, Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [APPROACH] Through
[*] [SOCIAL] Lady Magister Goendul

Tally



If you're going to have to dig anyway, why dig through the wreckage you left in your wake last time you're here? Digging through untouched stone is no problem for the Dwarves, and means that you'll be entering the catacombs from a direction anyone inside would not expect. Auguring the correct place to start digging will be the responsibility of Lady Magister Goendul by means of the spell Finding Divination. From what you understand, the spell can be used to pinpoint the direction of a specific object or the nearest example of a type of object, and the limitation that it tells you nothing of the distance can be easily bypassed with some knowledge of trigonometry. The exact details of what may or may not count as an object is apparently rather finnicky and unintuitive, but it's something that Celestial Wizards are quite used to grappling with, and by carefully selecting what items to search for they've developed methods to divine surprising amounts of information from what seems to be such a simple spell.

After a couple of hours of circling Mount Drakenhof and performing her divinations, Goendul points the Dwarves towards a specific point and gives them a slightly downward trajectory, identifying it as the most promising dig site. The criteria she bases this on is something you itch to investigate further but are prevented from by College etiquette, so instead you pursue a secondary curiosity: "so, what leads a Lady Magister to respond to a request for a moderately talented scryer?"

"The omens were good," Goendul says simply.

"That straightforward, is it?"

She looks at you seriously. "The omens are never good in Sylvania. My time here has been about finding the least bad omens and doing everything I can to tip the scales into something that can be called a win. But these scales have already been tipped. That means that this will either be very easy or very interesting." Ah. "I also wanted to see for myself the one that has cast such a long shadow over this land."

"You might be disappointed, then. She had more ambition than skill, and I'm not even fully convinced she was a Vampire, let alone a true inheritor of the Von Carstein legacy."

She smiles. "I meant you." Ah. "Many locals believe that like the Countess' Chaplain, you never left Sylvania after the Drakenhof campaign, and spent years carving a bloody swathe of vengeance across the land. That you slew the Singing King, liberated Nachthafen, purged Teufelheim, saved the Grand Countess from assassins, and laid curses upon the Lahmians of Mikalsdorf and Waldenhof."

You're not sure how to respond to that. You were at least peripherally involved in matters approximate to all of those, but you doubt the rumours were entirely accurate. "It seems to be rather overstated, but I have made a point of visiting from time to time," you say vaguely.

She gives you a scrutinizing look, then nods. "Besides that, after so long fighting the blight of Vampirism in this land, I wanted to see for myself the place where it began."

You gladly take the opportunity to change the subject. "This is where it sprouted, but it first took root in Vanhaldenschlosse during the Black Death."

"Frederick Vanhel, yes? The ancestor of Stirland's current Elector Count?"

"Yes. A legacy they've spent the generations since atoning for."

"There aren't many families that can trace a lineage back that far, let alone ones in such a dangerous occupation. I suspect there may be a touch of destiny in their bloodline."

You continue to talk to her and build a general impression of her as remarkably straightforward for a Celestial, and seems to see the study of omens and portents as a means to an end rather than an end in itself. It is, you suspect, a reflection of her background as a Battle Wizard - both because she has spent so long dedicated to warfare, and because her cloistering has insulated her from the dominant culture of her Order. Presuming all here goes to plan, she seems like she would be a useful person to know in years to come - someone with Hubert's practicality, but still within the Celestial College in more than name.

While you do so the Dwarves dig and blast through the rock at a shocking pace with a ringing chorus of steel on stone and the occasional low, reverberating thump of mining explosives. Tunnelling through solid rock in the middle of Sylvania would be a job that most miners would hesitate to take up, but the expeditionary miners of Zhufbar are used to mining shards of gromril buried in accreted layers of warpstone right under the noses of Skaven and Night Goblins.

"Thanes?" one of the Ironbreakers emerges and says, and you and Thori come over, trailed by the others. "We're about to break through."

The miners funnel out and the Ironbreakers in, and you stand just outside it, removing your hat in case you need to enter in a hurry. There's a muffled thump of a detonation, then a distant ringing of gromril on stone, then an echoing screech that is taken up by countless voices within.

"Ghouls," Tarni says.

"The cannibal Umgi?" Thori says.

"Originally, but twisted by dark magic. They're as tough as an Orc and as fast as a Skaven."

"Typically only armed with claws and cudgels, though," you say, trying to peer down the tunnel. "Strange to see them here, though. I'm sure it's full of dead, but nothing fresh enough to eat. Something must be controlling them."

Tarni nods. "All the bloodlines make use of ghouls, but only one would bother to maintain a population of them amongst the catacombs of the Von Carsteins."

"Strigoi," you agree. "This might bode well. I'd put money on Ironbreakers against any of the foot-soldiers of the Vampires, but ghoul armaments make this an especially foregone conclusion."

"Their claws have a habit of finding their way around armour, but as long as they're not too deep, cauterization and a swig of something strong will get you through it."

You nod and pat your pockets, double-checking you brought your Candle of Cleansing Radiance. You'd originally commissioned it as a precaution against Skaven poisons, but it would serve just as well against the notoriously potent infections caused by a ghoul's talons. Then you settle in to wait and try to pick up any noise of battle under the screeching of ghouls, and fail to do so. Then the screeches begin to fall back, and as soon as a runner passes on that the Ironbreakers have secured a breachhead you duck into the tunnel, stepping carefully over the carnage, all of it ghoul. "Three exits, two of them dead ends," one of the Ironbreakers says to you as he lights a lantern, and you nod as you look around the newly-illuminated room and frown at what you find.

"This looks like a Morrite crypt," Tarni says as she enters behind you, her tone unsure.

"We've breached a tomb?" Thori asks, alarmed, as he files in too.

"It's not sanctified," Ionel says. "Was it built in mockery of Morr?"

You run your eyes over it, and frown as you notice some of the details. No, you carefully don't say. This was built in the style of Sylvania's Cult of Morr, before the Von Carsteins wiped it out. "Benedicta von Carstein," you read aloud from the inscription on the sarcophagus.

"I know that name," Tarni says. "She's a cautionary tale among the Umgi Witch Hunters - a Dreamwalker that was turned by the Von Carsteins, and was hunted down by the rest of her sect."

You look up from one of the other doorways. "Personal effects," you say. "Clothing, weapons, a comb... if I had to guess, I'd say she built her bedroom in the style of a crypt, though you'd have to ask her whether it was sincere or sacrilege." You focus on the sarcophagus, and note the taint of Dhar lurking within. Dormant, but never totally extinguished. "At least part of her is still in there, though I'm guessing the Dreamwalkers have enough to keep her from being reawoken. I wonder if they'd appreciate being able to complete the set."

"For one of their own?" Ionel says. "I'd say so."

The other dead end proves to be what looks like a scriptorium in miniature, with a writing table, a chair, and what in most contexts you'd take to be a wardrobe, but here and now you both guess and hope to be an armarium - a type of book cabinet from when books were rarer and more precious, and so each book was given enough space to lie flat. You'd adopted a similar design for your library. "The ghouls broke and ran," Tarni says behind you, "so they weren't directly controlled by the Vampire. Best case scenario, it's out hunting. Worst, it's being awoken by its minions and will be here any minute."

"I'd put my lads against any number of ghouls, but a Vampire itself can be a tricky foe. And wouldn't it have worse than ghouls at its disposal?"

"Some Strigoi cultivate and command ghoul Vampires, and the bloodline has a knack for commanding terrorgheists and varghulfs," Tarni says. "All of which are too large to fit into these chambers, but if we push much deeper in, it will be able to bring those to bear."

"If it has any," you say distractedly, speaking up to be heard in the other room as you work a Shadowchisel into the lock of the armarium. "The smart Vampires are laying low, the stupid but strong ones have already tried to challenge Stirland head-on. This one might be too weak to dominate any feral Vampires and not skilled enough to conjure anything up, and might have nothing worse to throw at us than ghouls and perhaps a few wolves and bats." There's a click and the cabinet swings open, and you smile at five inclined shelves containing two tomes each.

"Would this place not be laying low?" Ionel asks mildly.

"Would either of you fancy your chances against a Vampire?" Thori asks you and Goendul.

"Alone, I'd rather not try," Goendul says. Quite sensible of her, you think to yourself, suppressing a wince as memory conjures a pang in your guts. "But alongside Ironbreakers and two fellow Wizards? I like those odds much more."

"Then we'd be willing to push on," Thori says. "If nothing else, I'd like to put a name to the Vampire so we know whose ghouls we've been killing."

You've somehow managed to stop yourself from leafing through the volumes there and then, and have instead returned to the impromptu council, and now have to decide whether you'd argue for boldness or discretion. "Do we have time for me to scout?"

"If you're quick about it," Thori says. "Now that they know we're here, the clock's ticking. The only way to kill Ironbreakers holding a tunnel is to get behind them, and if we give the enemy enough time to get a force behind us and they've enough brains to do so, this whole expedition will tarnish in a hurry."

"And if we have arrived with the master of the house absent, the longer we linger, the longer they have to return," Ionel notes.

Raise, hold, or fold, then. Or try to sneak a peek at the opponent's cards and hope you won't burn too much time in doing so.



[ ] Raise
You've got a good track record against forces holding Castle Drakenhof. Your forces should boldly advance and take on the resident Vampire head-on, which if successful will allow you to secure and loot the entire catacombs.

[ ] Hold
If you stick to the smaller passages, the only threat to the Ironbreakers would be the Vampire itself. You should have them spread out and explore as much of the catacombs as they can without entering any passage large enough to hold anything truly threatening, with you, Goendul, and Johann ready to respond to any sign of the Vampire. Then they grab everything that's not nailed down, pry up anything that is nailed down, and withdraw in good order.

[ ] Fold
The Ironbreakers can hold this position while you sneak around collecting as much as one set of hands can, guided to the juiciest opportunities by Goendul's scrying, then withdraw before the enemy has time for an encirclement. Reasonably safe, but the smallest payoff.

[ ] Cheat
You can scout deeper into the tunnels to see what you can find out about the hostile forces present, so a more informed decision can be made. But this will take time, and sneaking alone into a Vampire's domain has had less than ideal results for you in the past.



- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Current inhabitants of Mount Drakenhof, and the chamber that Mathilde breached into, were rolled for here.
  </body>
</html>