<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 19 - 2479 - The Rebirth of Karak Eight Peaks</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 19 - 2479 - The Rebirth of Karak Eight Peaks</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Windreader > Windsage: Your magical senses see more than your normal ones. +2 Learning, even more able to see and understand emotion and magical effects in others.
[*] Avatar: You're growing worryingly familiar with being used as a conduit by deities. ???

[*] Take an active hand in the EIC

[*] Donate it to whoever ends up leading the Undumgi.

-[*] Recruit Maximilian
-[*] Recruit Johann



Magesight, you reflect on the long road to Barak Varr, is underestimated and underappreciated not just by non-wizards, but also most of those who share the sense. They see it only as their ability to see the Winds they manipulate, instead of delivering an entirely new and unique set of senses to understand the world. Magic doesn't just blow according to its whims, it also gathers around living beings in a reflection of their nature and emotions, and doesn't rely on sufficient light or low ambient noise levels to function. You've used ambient Ulgu as night vision, you've spotted enemies in the dark by the swirl of Winds their emotions generate, you've seen the Winds curdled into necromantic energy and shaped and twisted by the Waaagh and stripped of agency and funnelled into Dwarven Rune magic. You're beginning to suspect you've reached an understanding of the Winds beyond what most Magisters could ever achieve, and even beyond most of the more practical Lord Magisters. The information you can gather from a glance matches descriptions of what Volans was said to be capable of, or even what Teclis described as possible for the Elven Mages of Ulthuan.

And it's not just the normal Arcane energies you're beginning to understand, if the Winds could ever be described as 'normal'. Ranald has been a near-constant presence in your life for some time now, but you've also felt the intervention of Sigmar (though only for smiting His enemies, and not for healing His worthiest servant...), born witness to a battle between Ranald and Stromfels, and been in the presence of Gork and possessed by Mork. The Colleges teach that Divine Magic is entirely different to Arcane Magic, and cannot be understood through its lens, but you're beginning to wonder if that's actually true.

But then again, perhaps it makes sense that nobody else has pursued this line of enquiry. Most other Gods would either consider the very question ingratitude at best or heresy at worst, and the exceptions would be Gods like Verena who would instead pass on a single orthodoxy that was not to be questioned. But Ranald as you know Him is different. The Trickster, the first of His faces you had come to know, would delight in your seeking of answers to what so many would consider unanswerable questions. The Protector, who made Ranald worship so touchy and who you'd tried to enshrine in the Stirland Watch, would approve of challenging the power structure that would so unfairly deny knowledge to those who could benefit from it. The Gambler had put His thumb on the scales for you many times, including when you were investigating the nature of magic and had almost suffered Shyish discharge to the face or an ill-timed ambush from Wisdom's Asp, and had also put everything on the line alongside you and profited as the two of you robbed Mork of a portion of His power. And the Night Prowler... well, what better to steal than knowledge of the nature of the Gods?

Perhaps it makes sense that you are in a position to answer questions that so many haven't even dared to ask in the relatively short history of the Colleges of Magic.

---

Hexenstag is a day feared in much of the Empire. In each year, only twice will both Mannsleib and Morrsleib shine full in the night sky, and Hexensnacht is one of them. Priests of Morr go into the graveyards to keep the dead resting soundly as the barrier between the living and the dead is at its thinnest, and everyone else barricades themselves in their home and hangs up charms to protect themselves from any dead that wander the night, both those still encased in rotting flesh or yellowing bone and those whose souls wander freely. Some wish only to conclude unfinished business, but all too many have been twisted by malice or malign energies and seek the suffering of the living.

You have not had to fear them since the time in your Apprenticeship when you learned to weave Ulgu into a blade, but though you fancy your own chances against any wandering ghost, you're more than a little curious as to how they'd like an explosive shell through their incorporeal chest. The Dwarf Monitor delivering you and your cargo up the Blood River has a rotating turret-mounted cannon mainly to deter bandits, be they human or greenskin, but you don't doubt that the always-practical Dwarves wouldn't hesitate to use it to repel more exotic boarders.

Word from Eight Peaks is that the Council isn't quite ready in time for the new year, but will be ready to convene very shortly after your scheduled return. Some of the Councillors raised an eyebrow, not just from you but from the Dwarves of Barak Varr, who took a very keen interest in the Hold not only because of what it represented for the Karaz Ankor in general, but also for the trade route it sat astride. The Diplomat was to be Prince Kazrik, who'd be considered inexperienced by human standards, let alone Dwarven ones - but it would, of course, cement the goodwill that Karak Azul felt towards Eight Peaks. Military matters were to be split between Dreng, a formerly-Clanless wandering Ranger who had proven himself on the Expedition and been accepted into Clan Huzkul and the Hammerers, and Sky-Thane Gotri, the radical Prince, engineer and pilot from Zhufbar. You'd expected the Eldest of Clan Angrund to have been given one of the positions, and that the other wasn't Ulthar showed that he'd decided that Eight Peaks was secure enough for him to return home.

The Steward had long-term implications for the Hold, and you'd considered taking it as leader of the Undumgi and capitalizing heavily on trade with the Far East that Eight Peaks would have made so much safer, and you had expected that the position would have gone to a Miner to capitalize on the many mines that had made the historical Karak rich. Instead it had gone to Princess Edda, who you'd bonded with during the quieter moments of the Expedition over a shared enjoyment of your species' equivalents of a certain genre of literature. Perhaps King Belegar felt the Karak's future would be better with a more balanced mix of the traditional Dwarven industries. Or perhaps the choice was political. Princess Edda wasn't shy about her desire to upgrade her title to Queen. Did the King want to gauge the Princess' abilities to decide if she'd make a suitable wife? Was he supplying her with power ahead of the marriage so he'd have a natural ally among the council? Or had he decided against marrying her, and the position was a consolation prize to maintain his good relations with Karak Izor?

The representative of Dwarven faith was a name you were surprised to recognize - Gunnars, the Priest of the Dwarven God of the Dead who'd cleared you of suspicion of lingering Morkish influence at a glance. King Belegar trusted him, and you felt that his stamp of approval of you had proven his competence, but you would have expected a Priest of Grungni or Valaya or Grimnir before one of Gazul. Was this because of a pre-existing bond between the two? Because no prominent Priests of the three main Ancestor Gods had joined the Expedition? Or did King Belegar feel like the main spiritual priority of the Karak was not the prayers of the living, but the tombs of the dead?

And finally there was, of course, yourself. A human on the council would raise an eyebrow among the more conservative Dwarves, and a human wizard would raise the other. The Dwarves, of course, had no tradition of a Court Wizard, and normally a scholar or a Runesmith or even an engineer would round out the Council instead. There was certainly an argument to be made that when the Karak was an active warzone (or more of a simmering one, as most of the fighting had given way to scouting and the occasional probing attack from the greenskins and a worrying silence from the Skaven) it meant that a Court Wizard could definitely come in handy, but most Karaks wouldn't even want a wizard on hand to investigate magical phenomena, they'd want a Runesmith to end or at least contain it.

The Council wasn't quite as nontraditional as it could have been. Both Halflings and Winter Wolves had been considered for a Marshal position, and the civilian leader of the Halflings, Priestess Hluodwica, had put her name forward for Steward. The presence of royalty from three other Karaks would definitely pay diplomatic dividends. Compared to a scenario where Dwarves had been as much a minority on the Council as they were in the Karak, the Council definitely could have been more radical. You wonder if King Belegar had simply selected what he considered the best candidates for the job, or whether he had deliberately struck a balance that would endear him to the Young Holds without outright insulting the Old.

---

As your cart plods sedately through the Underway between Ulrikadrin and Death Pass, you try not to internally seethe at the limitations of flesh and blood horses. You could make the trip yourself in a single day, but even at the relatively hurried pace that the Barak Varr caravaneers kept to you were still looking at a journey of over a week. More than once you'd glared at the delicate contents of your own cart and tried to figure out a way for a Shadowsteed to carry it safely, but there's just too much of it and you certainly couldn't guarantee that none of it would get jostled.

Surrounded by darkness only occasionally broken by cart-mounted lanterns, your thoughts turn to a specific Book. Though your joining of the Expedition should have put your internal debate on hold, you'd found your thoughts returning to it again and again. With your quarters picked out and your research materials en route, the time had come to finally decide one way or the other - would you read the Liber Mortis?

The reasons not to were pretty convincing. One might be able to make an argument that simply reading the Book didn't count as 'study' under Article 7, but such was the reputation of the book that if anyone ever found out about it, no amount of technicalities could protect you. Though it was Otto von Drak allowing Vlad von Carstein to marry his daughter that had cemented the grip of Necromancy over Sylvania, it had been Frederick van Hal that had introduced it centuries earlier, and the Liber Mortis documented every spell and insight. Copies of even single chapters of the book could transform even the pettiest of necromancers into existential threats to Stirland. The idea of the unedited original in the hands of a Wizard would give the Grand Theogonist conniptions, and many in the Colleges would agree with him.

But on the other hand, when Mannfred von Carstein had led an army of the dead upon Altdorf in the Third Vampire War, Grand Theogonist Kurt III had brought forth a copy of the book from the vaults of the Grand Cathedral and read an incantation from its pages, and Mannfred and his army had been forced to retreat as the spell unravelled the terrible magics holding the undead together. As far as you know, that copy still lay in the vaults because even the Sigmarites were forced to concede it could be a powerful force for good, and the Extremely Redacted Liber Mortis (Approved Edition) was standard reading amongst all but the most hidebound of Witch Hunters. Frederick van Hal had not taken to necromancy from madness or a lust for power, but because the Skaven had been overrunning Sylvania and nothing else seemed capable of stopping them. At the very least the insights it contained could be a powerful tool against the undead and possibly even the Skaven, but it could also contain deeper secrets on the nature of magic itself. Necromancy used Shyish to shield the wielders from the corruption of Dhar - what else could be made possible by using one magic to manipulate another?

Your mind chases itself in circles as it tries to weigh the unpredictable benefits against the unknowable consequences.

[ ] Resolve to read the Liber Mortis.
[ ] Resolve to seal away the Liber Mortis.
[ ] Resolve to rid yourself of the Liber Mortis.

---

You finally arrive, and are able to unpack all of your things into your spacious new 'tower' atop Karag Nar. What it currently lacks in furniture it definitely makes up for in potential, and you could either build up to replace the peak of Karag Nar with a more conventional tower, or down into the mountain below for what practically amounts to unlimited room for expansion. With time to spare before the first meeting in millennia of the Royal Council of Karak Eight Peaks, you finalize one of the decisions you came to and bring your first employees of the role into the fold. Maximilian is delighted to have paying work to go alongside his metalworking apprenticeship, as materials aren't cheap and, as you're keenly aware, neither are College dues. Johann is less enthusiastic but a lot more entertaining, as you put just enough of a hint on Journeyman that he suspects that you know but he doesn't know that you know. You'll start pushing him to visit Altdorf and 'graduate' soon, thus restoring the truth without him having to come completely clean and jeopardize relations with the Dwarves.

The Council meeting itself is extremely straightforward, as the almost complete lack of existing infrastructure means almost everyone can be immediately put to work on building said infrastructure. Dreng is to fortify the Eastern Valley to allow forewarning and the swift slaying of any trolls wandering out of Kvinn-Wyr, Prince Gotri is to adapt the former airship hangars atop Karag Lhune into a proper base for his Gyrocopter squadron, and Princess Edda is to see to the construction of suitably sturdy trade carts and the acquisition of draft animals to match, so that Eight Peaks can start sending trade caravans instead of merely receiving them. Karak Azul would normally be the diplomatic priority, but between their reconnection to the rest of the Karaz Ankor and Prince Kazrik's position as diplomat, they could scarcely be happier. So instead he is heading for Barak Varr - until the Halflings manage a successful harvest, Eight Peaks will continue to be completely reliant on regular resupply from them. Gunnars is instructed to continue his current task, which was the establishment of a vast tomb underneath Karag Lhune. The fallen of Angrund are being preserved and protected until they can finally be interred in the tomb of their ancestors, but the traditions of the Dwarves dictate that those that fall in battle far from their Holds are buried there, and King Belegar intends for them to have a tomb worthy of their sacrifice.

Your own task is straightforward, and indeed has already begun - the investigation of the spiders of the Chiselwards. King Belegar is skeptical but open to the possibility that they might be convinced to leave peacefully, and failing that, he wants to know how long it would take to starve them out as well as any tactical or strategic insights you can give in case it does come down to a war of extermination. Esbern and Seija aren't formally a part of your payroll and are performing the matter out of a mix of respect for you as their superior and personal curiosity, but King Belegar authorizes their pay for the task anyway. He had asked you beforehand whether the traditional Dwarven rates for Dwarven Journeyman and Masters were suitable for Zhufokri ones, and as the sum they'd receive worked out to slightly more than you'd been paid as a Journeyman as Spymaster of Stirland, you assured him it was.


Mandatory Actions: Pick one from each category.

Journeyman Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] Allow him to spend all his time on his metalworking studies.
[ ] Have Maximilian learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] Have Maximilian learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] Current Task: Have Maximilian perform or assist with spider autopsies.
[ ] Current Task: Have Maximilian investigate the properties of the spiders' webs.
[ ] Current Task: Have Maximilian investigate the properties of the spiders' venom.
[ ] Have Maximilian attempt once more to write a paper on Waaagh energy.
[ ] Have Maximilian write a paper on a subject you dictate.

'Journeyman' Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] Allow him to spend all his time investigating the Skaven.
[ ] Have Johann return to Altdorf and 'graduate'.
[ ] Have Johann learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] Have Johann learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] Current Task: Have Johann perform or assist with spider autopsies.
[ ] Current Task: Have Johann investigate the properties of the spiders' webs.
[ ] Current Task: Have Johann investigate the properties of the spiders' venom.
[ ] Have Johann write a paper on Waaagh energy.

The Eastern Imperial Company
Your outstanding debt: 1,300 gc
Your share of EIC profits: 100 gc / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Handgun Factory in Blutdorf
[ ] Call in 1 favour for Dwarven expertise for the Factory's safety
[ ] Call in 2 favours for Dwarven expertise for the Factory's efficiency
[ ] Call in 4 favours for Dwarven expertise for the quality of the products
[ ] Use your good name to help the EIC expand into Zhufbar.
[ ] Talk to Titus and Hluodwica to help the EIC expand into the Moot.
[ ] Establish an outpost of the EIC in Karak Eight Peaks.
[ ] Instil corporate policy: information gathering (news).
[ ] Instil corporate policy: long-term financial good of the Empire.
[ ] Instil corporate policy: medium-term financial good of individual Provinces.
[ ] Attempt to build your own information network within the EIC.


Personal Actions: choose between four and six. Any chosen beyond four will come with risks - please specify 'additional' tasks.

Current Task: Investigate the Chiselwards spiders.
[ ] Be on hand for Esbern and Seija's attempts to communicate with the spiders.
[ ] Perform an in-depth series of autopsies on the spiders.
[ ] Study both living and dead spiders with your Magesight.
[ ] Investigate the properties of the spiders' webs.
[ ] Investigate the properties of the spiders' venom.

Self-Improvement:
[ ] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
[ ] Hire a trainer to come to Eight Peaks and teach you: specify what. (costs favours for Dwarf trainers, money for human ones)
[ ] A library is basically an external brain. Add to yours. (no action required, money and favour cost listed on charsheet)
[ ] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)

Karag Nar Penthouse: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category.
[ ] Purchase furnishings so you can stop sleeping on a bedroll and can unpack your things: -20gc.
[ ] Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
[ ] Have additional rooms excavated underneath your Penthouse: -50gc for 2 rooms.
Setting up rooms for specific purposes will have to wait until new rooms are constructed or excavated.

Karak Eight Peaks, friendly:
[ ] The Undumgi are to select a leader from among themselves. Get involved in the process so you can investigate the candidate and influence their decision.
[ ] You have acquired the possession of the Temple where Ranald mugged Mork. Set up a shrine and spread knowledge of it throughout Karag Nar.
[ ] You have acquired the possession of the Temple where Ranald mugged Mork. Set up a shrine and keep it for yourself.
[ ] Settlers, traders, and prospective wives will begin arriving soon. Start building an information network amongst them.
[ ] Crime is inevitable, so it may as well be organized crime. Send word to Heideck and make sure that when an underworld emerges, it will be a Ranaldian one.
[ ] Set up quarters and a basic laboratory for the Journeymanlings and any other visiting Wizards: -100gc.

Karak Eight Peaks, hostile:
[ ] Kvinn-Wyr is full of trolls. Investigate this for yourself.
[ ] Travel underneath Kvinn-Wyr and investigate Karag Mhonar.
[ ] Some of the richest parts of the historical Karak were under the Citadel. See who currently resides there.
[ ] Scouts found mauled Skaven corpses under Karagril. See what's going on.
[ ] Greenskins currently occupy Karagril. Find out what tribe they are and who rules them.
[ ] Investigate underneath Karag Lhune: the Lhune Deeps and the Grand Abyss.

Research:
[ ] Investigate the constantly-dripping blood of the Wisdom's Asp. Current accumulation: 12 gallons.
[ ] Instead of seeking the secrets of the blood, simply see if it can be weaponized in some way.
[ ] You've got Ranald's Coin around your neck. Study it to see if you can gain an insight into Divine Energy.
[ ] Send to the Grey College for the appropriate scrolls to learn a specific spell: specify which.
[ ] Investigate how Pall of Darkness interacts with your sharpened magical senses.

Publish or Perish:
[ ] Collate the information that the Army of Stirland collected during the Purge.
[ ] Attempt to write a paper on the Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition.
[ ] Attempt to write a paper on your personal understanding of countering Waaagh Magic.
[ ] Dictate a paper on your personal understanding of countering Waaagh Magic.
[ ] Attempt to write a paper on the Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual.
[ ] Dictate a paper on the Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual.
[ ] Write a paper on Mathilde's Multidimensional Aethyric Projection.

Personal Relations: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category.
[ ] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: specify who.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is growing fast. Train him. (increases his intelligence, may deepen Familiar bond)
[ ] Spend time in Stirland helping Anton with his love life.
[ ] Get in touch with Julia and find out if she'd be interested in passing on information to you.

Other:
[ ] Commission a Runic item with Dwarf favour. (specify a general type of item; favour expenditure will be decided by future vote)
[ ] Commission an enchanted item with College favour. (specify a general type of enchantment; favour expenditure will be decided by future vote)
[ ] Other (write in)

Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: describe how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so.

[Income Acquired: 60 Dwarven gold coins/turn, equivalent to 78 Empire crowns.]

- Needless to say, the moratorium on discussion of the Liber Mortis is lifted. This vote will permanently decide the matter. Remain civil. Even if you think other people's arguments are flawed. Even if your preferred choice isn't winning or doesn't win.
- If the decision is made to read the book, she will do so in her spare time during the coming turns. Mathilde will take all possible precautions to keep from being caught while doing so, and keeping it hidden away when it is not being read. This will not take actions and will not be part of future votes.
- If the decision is made to seal away the book, short of a scenario that at least matches Mannfred's imminent conquering of Altdorf or a major and fundamental change in her character, Mathilde will never consider reading the book ever again. She will take precautions that will make it nigh impossible for anyone else to discover it during her lifetime.
- If the decision is made to rid Mathilde of the book, a future vote will be held to decide between destroying or hiding the book, or having it sent to the Colleges or some other authority. If chosen, Mathilde will take precautions to make it impossible to track the sending back to her. Between her training and her magic, she is capable of it.
- Approval voting is allowed.

- It is expected that a Councillor will spend the equivalent of two to four actions per turn on their task. Actions chosen for your subordinates will count towards this. Recent success will mean investing the minimum amount of time is okay; recent failure will bring more attention to you, and you should err towards spending more time on your work.
- Letting your Journeymanlings do their own thing too often will be frowned upon. They are your employees and they are being paid, make use of them or fire them.
- It has been a while since full turns, and readership has definitely grown since then. As with previously, I'll have the vote open for 24 hours, and if all goes well, those results will stand. If it's a mess, I'll restart the voting and the first 24 hours will count as the discussion period, and future turns will have a 24-hour moratorium and then 24 hours of voting. I don't want to slow the pace of updates down, so I'm hoping that things will work out in that first 24 hours. Feel free to discuss how the voting should be, but be aware this isn't a debate on how it should be. In either case, the result on the vote on the Liber Mortis during the first 24 hours will stand.
- Voting for the actions taken will be in Plan Format; don't forget Ranald's Coin. 
- If there's any actions you feel are absent from the list, let me know.

- The plan vote is separate to the Liber Mortis vote; if you make a vote for both topics, ensure that they are in the same post.
  </body>
</html>