<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 13: Blood And Bruises</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 13: Blood And Bruises</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>Bloodied<br/>
+009.M42+<br/>
+<i>They Shall Know No Fear</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
“There is no clear path, not precisely,” Justinius had told you as you spoke before the assault force departed. “It is rather that we shall have to work in distracting the primitive inhuman minds which hold court there.”<br/>
<br/>
“The stream of metal and flesh that pour from this place will be strong,” Codicier Nero had mentioned as he passed his hands over the vellum of a book of some sort or another, as if reading it with his fingers. “But can be diverted. Speed, and power. Like a stream.”<br/>
<br/>
“It will be difficult, but it is possible.”<br/>
<br/>
They had spoken for true.<br/>
<br/>
Unlike the last daemonforge that you faced before, this is further in. It is newer as well. Corrupted but recovered records state that it was once within the personal domain of a Magos Biologis who was attempting to improve upon the basic design of the skitarii that serves the Adeptus Mechanicus even now. The only issue is that he was, according to what the Mechanicus adepts who have been working on Aerus all this time, one of those who fell to Chaos and those who aligned themselves with the traitor Horus. Xenos flesh, cloned and tested upon, found itself further tainted by the vulgar touch of the warp upon it. This, more than anything, is what you face. While the greater lost manufactorum spews forth its scrap metal creations in mindlessly productivity turned to the daemons within it’s insane wishes, the area itself is filled with the creatures. Maddened and twisted versions of skitarii leap forth out of the shadows in the shadows of armed formations, appearing from the wilderness all around you screeching scrap code into the air.<br/>
<br/>
Yet you bear with you two of the mightiest vehicles ever devised by the minds of mankind. The noble land raiders. One of the Phobos-pattern, the other of the Crusader-pattern, both as the spear tip of the entire convoy. Melta fire fills the air to scorch flesh and corroded iron alike as your bikers weave in and out of sight. It is at their hands, as a group, that they again and again distract the oncoming tanks of absurd designs and mockeries of true vehicles blazing with empyreal light that flow both towards you as the intruders in their lands and towards the skitarii themselves. For you fight no tactician, no true leader, nothing more than an animalistic intelligence that has bent itself to constant war and destruction of any and all it can find.<br/>
<br/>
During your grinding journey forth into the wastelands of Aerus, over shattered Titan hulks that were of true design and not the strange creatures that rise up like fungi occasionally from the corrupted lands and through broken manufactorum that were not possessed by anything but time and rust, you train your forces further. It is, after all, that long of a journey both on the way and will be on the way back. Simply because you carve your way through a dozen mutant nests, horrific abominable skitarii ‘barracks’, and small scrap creation convoys as well as the general river of such things heading towards the skitarii lines. It is just as well, for this is deeper in than the last you faced in comparative distance from the reclaimed areas and those that remained corrupted.<br/>
<br/>
It is certainly deadly enough that once you actually get in sight of the manufactorum, metal being consumed for meals and then spat out by assembly lines of flesh and bone arms that bleed sparks and hate, that you have already had numerous casualties. None are dead, thus far, but both the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> and 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company find themselves shouldering the weight of brothers brought down by explosives at one point, and a sheer weight of lasgun fire by a corrupted skitarii fireteam at another. Yet you push on, land raiders leading the way, as you push through. To your disgust, even the opening doors of its loading docks and entrances swirl with the unholy light of the warp that glimmer within as if they are in fact actual maws. From one instant to the next as you slam <i>Godsplitter</i> into and through five skitarii at once in a single horizontal sweep that you practiced daily with Apollo on the way to the daemonforge, you swear that it is in fact <i>breathing</i> almost as the rest of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company begin to make their way inward in a thickened mass, led by Captain Marcus and the not just the Chaplain of his Chapter but by your Master of Sanctity himself as well as Justinius going forth. More powerful than any other psyker in the chapter currently, your Chief Librarian’s efforts are to be not towards bringing down the malefic structure but instead to safeguard those that will plunge into its depths.<br/>
<br/>
As for you and the rest of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, you set yourselves and ready for the inevitable response of Aerus. It comes by screams through the air, stomping false dreadnoughts who bear not honored heroes but only the damned and worse, tanks that roar from the barrels of their guns with the screams of animals and dying children, with twitching and mutated skitarii swarming like flies to a corpse. And yet you possess more than enough firepower. <i>Litany of Purgation </i>and <i>Tarantulus Ultima</i> reap a bloody toll amongst all, dealing more death than even your predators or the vindicator, more than the razorbacks individually at the least. All the while, you lead your chapter, dividing points where your brothers either suffer more injuries or are near to falling between yourself, Apollo, and Tarkus who all at one time or another come rushing to the fore.<br/>
<br/>
Only when you hear the signs of destruction behind you do you spare a single thought away from facing the onslaught before you. Hannibal is the first of your brothers you see, carrying the shattered yet still breathing body of Ares in his arms. Marcus limps forward as well, and yet you see much of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company being exiting not on their feet but in the arms of their brothers are carefully dragged behind to be loaded into the transports and razorbacks. The worst of them are deposited into the land raiders who twist about to afford the greatest possible protection for those that fell.<br/>
<br/>
“Marcus,” you reach the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Captain where he grimly has already begun firing a heavy bolter at a group of smaller abominations of metal more the size of astartes than anything else, “What happened?”<br/>
<br/>
“Daemons.”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
============================================​</div> <br/>
The explanation given to you once you reach safe territory once more is more complete, of course. Whereas the last daemonforge was infested and filled with the uncontrolled energies of Chaos, it had been possessed by a daemon itself. But this place, where the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company plunged into the fire, had been more than possessed machinery driven to infernal purposes but was in fact inhabited by <i>actual</i> daemons who had managed to manifest. Creatures of Nurgle, of rot and unholy life in equal measure, was it filled at its deepest point with plaguebearers and bloatflies that had over an unknowable amount of time. The great abundance of rotting flesh and weakened skeins of reality itself left over from the Horus Heresy in that place had allowed them to come through to feast on the pain and madness as the Forgeworld decayed for millennia.<br/>
<br/>
And while the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company slew them all, purged in flamer and melta and bolter fire, they had not done so with ease. Ares himself had found himself beset, crozius crushing and smashing giggling daemons large and small, and refused to die even when his body was lost beneath a crushing pile of the things. He lives, even now, and without the need for a dreadnought certainly, but he will not find himself on the battlefield for some time yet along with many of those not just within the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, but those within the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company as well.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 0+78+Apollo(29)=107/800]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Toughness: 523+65+Amicus(25)=613/600]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill: 210+10+Macharius(25)=245/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Agility: 52+17+Kaius(25)=94/500]<br/>
<br/>
==========================<br/>​</div>Reports from elsewhere are of better news. With the inability to truly deploy with anything approaching certainty you ordered your Master of Fleets to take the not inconsequential fleet remaining to the Blood Ravens to patrol throughout Aralakh. And he did so with skill, chasing down a small smattering of pirates and xenos raiders who had certainly not expected to run into any true retribution for crimes that the Imperial Navy could not spare the effort to persecute. But Hadrian had the time, and the attention to spare in spades. You can only imagine the look on the face of his foes as a space marine fleet dropped out of the warp to face them. But more than that, of course, is that perhaps in a bit further of an extension of his orders than you necessarily asked, he ended up transitioning into the Caeserion System and offering the services of your ships against the positions held by the Hrud.<br/>
<br/>
To perhaps some small amount of surprise, he was not refused despite vocal protests by the Order of the Lost Rosetta, and the vastly powerful bombardment weaponry of your battle barges were put to use against the Hrud. That also allowed your thunderhawks, reduced in numbers as they so badly are, to unleash themselves fully. Kept within their bays by the daemonic anti-air capabilities of Aerus’ surface, they perhaps almost too eagerly set themselves against the more comparative lacking defenses of the Hrud as they sluggishly marched forth from their dark spaces. At the least, while the leadership of the Guard and Navy might have been unhappy at the interlopers in their battling area, apparently by Hadrian’s reckoning the casualties their forces are taking not from injuries in battle but from the horrific rapid aging process of the entropic fields that the Hrud emanate was enough to gouge their pride so that the Blood Ravens could succeed.<br/>
<br/>
As for Meridian, Derosa is more than happy to accept your aid in the form of the scout marines. And indeed, there are yet tyranids that have hidden themselves in the depths of her underhives, ork survivors of the past that have found themselves a place as gang enforcers and bloody small groups which kill and loot as they wish. But there are other things as well, loxoatl mercenaries working for nobles in their bloody games of politics that Derosa needed put down which provided their own challenges, and two specific occasions that Cyrus made particular note of to you. The first of these was in fact a small Hrud infestation, potentially as flotsam from what is going on in Aralakh, which had the perhaps unique danger of aging aspirants and neophytes too rapidly for proper gene-seed gestation and maturation and causing them to be rendered unusable, as well as one of the most insidious threats the Imperium faces – a genestealer cult. Most certainly another remnant of the tyranids who arrived in Aurelia so long ago, Cyrus himself brought down the Patriarch of the entire cult, setting the whole of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company with the aid of the Adeptus Arbites and PDF troops upon the entire cult, setting the underhive of one of Derosa’s cities as the battlefield.<br/>
<br/>
Meridian was served well by Cyrus’ arrival, and the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company in turn was granted the precious experience against more than simple orks in the course of the year as well. Hadrian’s assistance in Aralakh was most valuable indeed, you are told, even if some small parts of the continents that the ships flew over have several new craters in them. As for the ongoing fights along the skitarii lines, Martellus was pleased to find that none of his creations were destroyed this year, though some did sustain some minor damage that was fixed by the enginseers on-planet before he could get to them. But the fight yet continues, on Aerus and elsewhere, and you cannot afford to let up.<br/>
<br/>
<u>008.M42 Into 009.M42 Results:</u><br/>
- Ares Actus is Badly Injured, to recover in <b>010.M42</b><br/>
- 15 1st Company Veterans Badly Injured, to recover in <b>010.M42</b><br/>
- 2 1st Company Veterans Dead, <b>+2 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- 5 5th Company Battle Brothers Badly Injured, to recover in <b>010.M42</b><br/>
- 10 Scouts [1st Stage] Advance: 8 to Scouts [2nd Stage], Remainder Expired. <b>+2 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b><br/>
- 25 Scouts [2nd Stage] Advance: 19 Battle Brothers To Be Assigned, Remainder Expired. <b>+6 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b><br/>
- 35 Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 33 to Scouts [1st Stage], Remainder Expired. <b>+7 Gene-Seed Recovered.</b><br/>
- 4 Lexicani Advance: 2 To Codicier, 1 Expires Due To Corruption And Execution, 1 Expires To Mutation And Execution.<br/>
- 5 Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 3 To Lexicani, 2 Expired. <b>+1 Gene-Seed Required.</b><br/>
- 30 Aspirants Advance: 20 To Neophytes [1st Stage], Remainder Expired.<br/>
- 3 Psyker Aspirants Advance: 2 to Psyker Neophyte [1st Stage], Remainder Expired.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Aerus Warfare Decisions (55% of Aerus Reclaimed/Reclaimed Area rated as Extremis-grade Defenses By Mechanicus/Orbital Drop,Thunderhawk Transport Allowed Within Reclaimed Territory Due To Lack of Daemon-slaved AA Batteries):</u><br/>
[NO LONGER REQUIRED] Patrol the Reclaimed Zone - Is subject to semi-regular ambushes, machine creature infiltrators, mutated creatures appearing through ruined sewers and pipes. Recent aid by way of the numerous turrets of the Chapter's forges being put to use has greatly assisted in this. Relentless use of sentry turrets, and a much wider base of area for the Mechanicus to deploy themselves into including a deadly Myrmidon battle group have certainly well secured their territory, requiring no further aid from any source.<br/>
[] Target An Aerus Daemonforge - One of the tainted manufactorums which continually spill out a mixture of random possessed machinery, horrific cybernetic monstrosities, etc. behind the ‘enemy lines’ which are currently fighting against the streaming hordes of Skitarii. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Break Mad Machine Mass, a grouping of insane tanks and armored carriers whose Machine Spirits have gone mad and are traveling as one mass and attacking everyone and everything they can, heading straight for the Skitarii Lines. The latest was slain with minor Mechanicus casualties, and so now the nearest is in the far distance within non-reclaimed Aerus territory. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Attack Abominable Quasi-Titan – Aerus did not have a Titan Legion on its own, but apparently it’s twisted ghosts are determined to produce their own. Out of daemonflesh, rusted cable, and random scrap and weaponry scattered across the land, are titan-sized creatures crafted by mad machine spirits and corrupted programming. They are rare, but especially dangerous. A pair of these have arisen, of similar size to a Reaver Titan each, and are making their way towards the Skitarri lines. With each mile of land they progress across more and more scrap metal and material is growing onto them, increasing their size and deadliness. Around them have grown things that might almost be Knights or Dreadnoughts that trundle about as if attendants. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Join The Lines - The Skitarii are currently in a seemingly endless back and forth with the rest of Aerus. While the penetrating spearhead strikes of the Blood Ravens have prevented the stalemate from falling in the wrong direction, some front-line assistance for properly equipped dreadnoughts and terminators could likely assist the Mechanicus forces in pushing further forward in general. With your own vehicles, and heavy weaponry, this could be made possible. The further the line stretches and expands, the better it will be for all. And at the least, you would not be sending astartes into enemy territory and instead they would be fighting alongside allies. A revivified and newly inspired 1st Meridian Consolidated have marshaled themselves along this line, granted the use of the newest Leman Russ battle tanks and other various types of Imperial Armor by the restored manufactorums of Aerus within their ranks by a grateful Adeptus Mechanicus. Said Mechanicus has recently landed one of Zerann's legendary Fellblades, <i>Doom Of The Illogical</i> to face any and all.  The 1st Company has shifted themselves here to contribute as best as they can while awaiting their more injured brothers to rejoin them. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] A thought as struck you to negotiate with the Adeptus Mechanicus for use of their manufactorums in some small part of production value much like what you possess in deals with the masters of Angel Forge. Have you not greately contributed to the reclamation of this very world? Are not your brothers, even now, somewhere with one of their Explorator Fleets? (BP/Turn Value Possible To Be Gained Unknown)<br/>
[] Now that you know that Aralakh's commanders are at the least somewhat willing to accept the aid of the Blood Ravens due to the sheer casualties they are taking from the Hrud Infestation, you might contribute some measure of your forces to them if you should wish to - Hadrian's rather imaginative application of your orders aside. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Recall Brothers In The Deathwatch<br/>
- (Specify In Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed.  [Toughness Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it must be specified that they do so.<br/>
- You have access to a number of veterans who could impart their knowledge and skills upon your ranks, an especially important thing now that it is likely that many scouts will soon be promoted to full battle brothers. Not just in one way, but more. You have the exceptional battle brothers for it, after all.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium really does need more, well, Apothecaries. The Companies we have should not be without! Especially on Aerus!<br/>
- In <b>012.M42</b>, 22 Gene-Seed should be available from the Test-Slaves.<br/>
<b>- Gracchus is currently studying the gene-seed of the Blood Ravens, to perhaps improve survival rates for implantation.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (250 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The Omnia Arcanum [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The Litany Of Fury [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- I could use a few more peers in the forges. Or at least subordinates.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- Some of our most constant foes are the most numerous - orks, tyranids, the denizens of Chaos. Further firepower could surely assist, and one of the best examples of this are the Tarantula Turrets.<br/>
- While our thunderhawks are not of much use on Aerus at this point in time, they are most certainly quite depleted when it comes to our fleet. In the future, in combat both on the ground and in the void, we should work to ensure that our ships possess them in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Test the 10th Companies latest aspirants and neophytes upon the threats of the Sector<br/>
- [] The orks of Caepio, so that the 10th Company remains within the Brutalia System with the rest of the Chapter.<br/>
- [] The extremely numerous orks of System A4XX, perhaps even going after the warbosses there.<br/>
- [] Hive Gangers, remnant xenos, traitors, cultists, and other such potential things within the planet Meridian to ensure more than simple greenskin experience.<br/>
- [] Enact Blood Trials upon the planet of Meridian. Orks, tyranids, and Chaos have stripped the fat from their soft flesh. It is time we seek for those amongst them capable of joining the Blood Ravens.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.</div>
  </body>
</html>