<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Six): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Six): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Vote Plan: Desert Speartips</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Focus On Military Targets on the Desert World<br/>
[X] The Speartips<br/>
-[X] Landing Zone - 5th Company, 2 Codiciers, 5 Lexicani, Techmarine Calus, Techmarine Daedal, 3 Predators, all Tarantulas and all but 4 Rapiers, 1 Whirlwind, 1 Hunter, 1 Vindicator Laser Destroyer<br/>
-[X] Tower 1 - 1st Company, Chapter Master + Honor Guard, 4 Codiciers, 7 Lexicani, Techmarine Hestior+1 unnamed, Land Raider <i>Litany of Purgation</i>, Land Raider <i>Tarantulus Ultima</i>, 1 Predator, 1 Whirlwind, 2 Rhinos, 4 Razorbacks (Standard Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter), 7 Assault Bikes, 2 Land Speeders (Standard), 1 Land Speeder (Tempest), 2 Rapiers<br/>
-[X] Tower 2 - 4th Company, Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis, 3 Codiciers, 7 Lexicani, 2 Techmarines, 2 Predators, 1 Predator (Twin-Linked Lascannons), 1 Whirlwind, 2 Rhinos, 2 Razorbacks (Standard Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter), 1 Razorbacks (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons), 1 Vindicator, 7 Assault Bikes, 1 Land Speeders (Standard), 1 Land Speeder (Tempest), 2 Rapiers<br/>
-[X] Assume even split of Apothecaries between Landing Zone, Tower 1, and Tower 2, with Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus remaining at Landing Zone.<br/>
-[X] Assume even split of Chaplains between Landing Zone, Tower 1, and Tower 2, with Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun joining the Tower 2 detachment.<br/>
-[X] Thunderhawks available for air support wherever necessary<br/>
-[X] Techmarine undeployed - Martellus, Quarius Zergan, 2 unnamed</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
"Please, please, no, I can't...no! No!" <br/>
<br/>
Scouts were to be space marines, some day. It was space marines who held to the creed of knowing no fear. Scouts, one might suppose, could be accepted to be a lesser form in some measure. They were not fully matured. Still, it was a jarring thing to watch one scream and plead out of fear as the rest of his companions were devoured by genestealers. To the scout's credit, they continued to fire with their bolter as they scrabbled backward like some lost child, the psychic pulses emanating from the pulsating bio-form which crackled with psychic power scorching his neural pathways as it sedately floated forward. The entire sector was overrun, the Imperial defenders having retreated and abandoned the entire sector to the alien. Truth be told, it had been a necessary measure, to retreat to more defensible positions where fortifications were not obliterated by swirling sand storms. That did not take away from the fact that the Blood Ravens were not informed, and in fact minor subterfuge amongst the orders being broadcast had contributed to this utter failure of an operation. <br/>
<br/>
All of this, Cyrus watched, before pressing the detonator stub. <br/>
<br/>
The scout, and the rest of his dead squad, were incinerated instantly as the explosives went off. Around the Captain, the other scouts fought ferociously to defend themselves against the coming swarm. Abandoned heavy weaponry was utilized, heavy bolters and lascannons spearing larger creatures instantly while sniper rounds cracked against genestealers attempting to flank. Despite this, Cyrus watched as the newest crater began to be filled in by more and more tyranids pushing forth. Occasionally one would see an original slaughra fighting alongside them, but more often than not the widespread genestealer cult which had pushed itself into becoming the xenos' state religion showed itself more and more as the dominant populace. <br/>
<br/>
"Captain?"<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus looked at Marius dispassionately, the helmeted apothecary still managing to convey a sense of vague disapproval.<br/>
<br/>
"Go, apothecary. Take what can be taken."<br/>
<br/>
The apothecary turned immediately, and the one who had once been an assault terminator of the 1st Company displayed his skills once more. Once, he had battered aside the alien from within a set of terminator armor, shield and hammer in hand. His reduced armor was, as it turned out, a detriment. Twin chainswords gleamed in his hands as he slaughtered a path forward to the lost scouts. In a better situation they would have been saved, but their position had been too far gone, too lost, with no chance for being saved. No other squads had been close enough, and so the cold calculus had been performed without ending in their favor. For their deaths, half a hundred more scouts lived. For their sacrifice, the whole survived. As it ever was, and perhaps in that measure they had died as space marines. It would be what was reflected in the records. Better that, than reduced to gibbering ruin by a zoanthrope.<br/>
<br/>
When Marius returned, ten blackened husks in tow, there was at least some good news. Some of the gene-seed had been retrieved. <br/>
<br/>
Not a total loss, then. <br/>
<br/>
The position held for a half hour more until the last of the explosives and mines were planted, and then the Blood Ravens melted away, in failure and shame. They slew a thousand tyranids in the ensuing series of explosions, but it was barely notable as the Imperial Guard reorganized across the rest of the planet. <br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Slaughra Swarm (Z04X)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Libarius Scrying And Planning: 28. No Positive Results. Minor Warp Perils! [Sanctioned Imperial Psyker Containment Efforts: 74! Warp Perils Negated!]<br/>
Cervantes Obstruction Attempts: 74. Notable Success. Effects: 10th Company Effort Success Well Reduced In Potency!<br/>
10th Company Efforts: 12! Significant Failure. Effects: Notable Failures Against Targets!<br/>
<b>WARNING: Slaughra Genestealer Cult Has Activated Tyranid Bioforms Out Of Desperation!</b><br/>
Conquest Progress:<br/>
Slaughra Capital World - 30% Imperial, 70% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Ice World - 37% Imperial, 62% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Desert World - 30% Imperial, 70% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Primaris - 48% Imperial, 52% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Secundus - 36% Imperial, 64% Slaughra<br/>
Z04X Space Control: Contested - Imperial Navy Supreme Across System<br/>
Blood Raven Losses: 10 Scouts [1st Stage]<br/>
Gene-Seed Recovered: +12, Held By Apothecary Marius</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<b>Decisions For 10th Company (Choose One):</b><br/>
[] Focus On Civilian Centers - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. But this is not a simple military crusade, it is a total reclamation of worlds that should be for humanity's purposes, not the alien. Once, ages ago, they were, and now, they will be again. Thus, genocide. The vast majority of the Swarm, like many species, are either not military or being conscripted. As time goes on, this will continue. The more conscripts there are, the harder the fight will be. It would be better to kill them before they are properly armed, and to hopefully also cause significant morale damage.<br/>
[] Focus On Military Targets - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. The Blood Ravens can aid in this, for there are few amongst any of those mighty forces who can manage the same stealth and capabilities of a properly trained and equipped scout. The more military positions, bases, supply dumps, barrier towers, shield towers, and more that are taken down, the faster the military will be destroyed, and thus, the faster the military can properly begin exterminating the civilian populace of the Slaughra.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Holding The Landing: 78</b><br/>
<br/>
"Come on, come and taste the light that falls upon your benighted world, mutant scum!" Daedal yelled over the roaring of the tarantulas and rapiers firing at once. <br/>
<br/>
"Benighted...benighted? Really? That's the best you can come up with?" Calus queried over their private comm channel, checking over the laser array of one of the rapiers that he was stationed near. <br/>
<br/>
"It's a fair use of the word, brother, Omnissiah knows. The whole planet hasn't seen the sun in who knows how long," Daedal grunted, swiveling the rapier to target another approaching swarm of creatures.<br/>
<br/>
Some, they knew, were daemonic - or at least warp-related. Flesh made of shale and smoke still seemed vulnerable once entering the general psychic field of the librarians, however. Perhaps if the tower's aura and presence was still present, they would have been nigh invincible upon a world so deeply in the throes of the Changer of Ways. As it was, however, Calus knew Daedal was at least somewhat correct. The light burned them. <br/>
<br/>
"I know what the word means, and why you used it. I merely posited that something better could be used."<br/>
<br/>
"Oh <i>please</i>," Daedal droned, hopping off of his rapier to fire the plasma cannon he'd carried with him at a larger creature that was more tentacle than mouth, "Enlighten me, oh linguistic master, oh Magos Dialogus."<br/>
<br/>
"Misbegotten, maligned, malefic, damned, blasphemed," the techmarine responded tartly, watching with narrowed eyes at another section of the defenses. "Just for options. Benighted simply sounds odd."<br/>
<br/>
"I'll use what words I want!"<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Traveling To Target [Tower 1]: 56 <br/>
A World's Defenders: 4</b><br/>
<br/>
Your arrival does not go unnoticed by the tower's defenders. In fact, they turned their own forces against you, those who fled seemingly buoyed by the presence of their fellows. Sorcerous lightning arced down from the clouds, dragged forth by the tower and those who lived under its shadow, only to be deflected by your librarians. Creatures were summoned from the earth and air, only to be torn apart by psychic blasts of flame from the Codiciers and Lexicani. But far more common is somewhat more traditional exchanges of fire. Lances of blazing light erupt from the land raiders, the twin vehicles smashing their way into the enemy as the vanguard force. A tremendous amount of firepower is sent in their direction, yet it is what they were built for, to absorb the damage while delivering to the front lines a squad of space marines who in turn would fall upon the enemy. Your arrival is utterly uncontested, in the end, comparatively to what it could have been. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Assaulting Tower 1: 87<br/>
Tower 1 Defenders: 12+30(Landing Tower Survivors)=42</b><br/>
<br/>
Even though you literally just arrived on the planet, their defenses are already present. Even as you arrive within range for proper attacks upon the Tower itself, barricades of silvery white bone erupt from the ground. Spikes of calcified materials and burning sludge-like marrow are launched forth as point defenses, while howling winged slaughra creatures come howling out of darkness to fall upon your forces as you advance. Even with all of this, and the majority of the survivors of the tower you destroyed, they do not stand against you. More often than not, it is the librarians who you rely upon to ensure you are capable of pushing forward at all. It is they who reverse the earth from slurry and sludge back into things that can actually support the weight of your vehicles. Banks of razor winds of bone and silver fragments come speeding down from the clouds, enveloping your bikers as they flank, yet are torn away by the might of the Librarius before they can do more than cause minor injuries and easily reparable damage to the bikes themselves. <br/>
<br/>
Still, all that and more stand against you, for the enemy knows now that you can hurt them, and they will not surrender the tower without a fight. <br/>
<br/>
"Begin bombardment," you call out before slamming your hammer into a heavily armored slaughra mutant, its claws scraping deep gouges into your armor as it dies.<br/>
<br/>
"Affirmative, Chapter Master," the whirlwind's commander returns. Behind his tank, the razorbacks push into a defensive formation, while the land raiders set them up as well. <br/>
<br/>
It is a simple matter of knowing what could and could not damage the towers. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Tower Bombardment: 52 <br/>
Tower Defenses: 59<br/>
On The Ground (Attackers): 86<br/>
On The Ground (Defenders): 15</b><br/>
<br/>
Outright shields of warp energies form over the tower's base where the first strikes hit. Almost all damage is blocked or deflected, but only almost. A single whirlwind missile gets through, creating a heavy crater in the tower surface. For a moment, at least, before the surface begins to outright heal itself. The damage is not enough. But it will be, you know, if not yet at the moment. Unfortunately, the moment the tower took damage, a greater fervor seemed to overtake its defenders, who throw themselves at you with even greater fury. Some begin to outright mutate further, mid-fight, mid-<i>blow</i> on one stunning occasion. With the towers appearing to possess the greater sorcerous leanings of Tzeentch, his slaves have given themselves fully over to his warping ways in manners both horrific and powerful. <br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=========================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Traveling To Target [Tower 2]: 58<br/>
A World's Defenders: 82</b><br/>
<br/>
Justinius growled as his staff crackled with power, his personal field of psychic energies rippling visibly in the air. All around him, the column fought and struggled against the living landscape which had risen up against them. From the very ground itself came waves of screaming creatures, birthed so abruptly by sorcery that at least half of their ferocity came from confusion and fear at suddenly having life forced upon them. That did not mean they were granted anything but the mercy of death. Around him, the rest of the 4th Company fought with the same aggressive nature that their Captain possessed, though none went so far as Hadrian himself. The man was evidently opposed to anything approaching his company's vehicles, and showed it in his fury, repeatedly diving off of the rhino he stood atop to fire his weapons at close range into the great mass of creatures which assaulted them. Still, they were stalled, and unacceptably so. The earth had been turned against them, lightning struck repeatedly from the skies, and the actual mutants of the slaughra who had retreated from the tower had turned about without any sign of them receiving orders. It was just as likely that they were <i>told</i> by the powers they served that the Blood Ravens had been stymied. <br/>
<br/>
"<i>Enough!"</i> Justinius boomed, and he clapped both hands to hold his staff in front of him, raised, before he slammed it down into the cursed soil.<br/>
<br/>
<b>A Storm For A Storm: 75</b><br/>
<br/>
A cloud of black and red exploded out from the Chief Librarian's form, an ethereal construct which ballooned in size further and further until its edges began to burn at the edges of the narrow column's head. Where it poured out, lightning screamed out against piles of earthen monstrosities, vaporizing them instantly. Lightning blasts from the sky and from the sides of the air around the column fizzled on contact, all the while a nimbus of power bloomed around Justinius, before he was joined by the rest of his librarian brethren. With that, the cloud grew further, until the entire column was protected, small gleams of power emanating from the linked psykers as they were placed across the entire formation. Teeth grinding, Justinius tore his staff upwards, the soil it had impaled bleeding a black ooze. He glared at it, eyes become orbs of contained cerulean flame, and clambered atop one of the leading predators.<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian appeared, bleeding from a half dozen wounds, but grinning fiercely at the sight of the Chief Librarian's efforts. He leapt atop the predator as well, and raised his pistol high, firing it once in the sky.<br/>
<br/>
"Forward, my brothers! ONTO THE TOWER!"<br/>
<br/>
The 4th Captain commanded, and the 4th Company obeyed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Tower 2 Assault: 67<br/>
Tower 2 Defenders: 2</b><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian was not the most patient of marines. It showed, clearly, in his tactics and behavior. That did not mean he was unaware of the value of patience, of course, to suggest otherwise would be foolish. Be in this case, his aggression and frustration at being stymied as they had was given form through the assault which fell upon the tower. For all that they did not have the Land Raiders on their sides, the sheer volume of fire and breakneck pace that Hadrian demanded practically made up for it. Lacking the numbers and sheer power of those who had followed the Chapter Master, Hadrian and Justinius both made up for it in angry tenacity. They tore across the bonewalls with blasts of krak missiles and lascannons, plasma weaponry scorching blackened sand into outright glass and leaving gleaming holes in those that stood still. They were relentless, and though some of the 4th Company were felled, it was but temporary, and they were on their feet once again moments later either out of fury or from the attentions of the apothecary. <br/>
<br/>
<b>Tower Bombardment: 94<br/>
Tower Defenders: 64<br/>
On The Ground (Attackers): 9<br/>
On The Ground (Defenders): 34</b><br/>
<br/>
The existence of sorcerous defenses, shields of warp energies, and more were clearly present to Justinius' eyes. As such, the Librarians turned their efforts to stripping the tower of its own natural-borne abilities to repair and shield itself while the rest of the Blood Ravens did their best to shatter it. Yet, as Hadrian discovered to his fury, and the death of one of his marines, without their attentions on defense the enemy became resurgent. Not enough to block out grievous damage from being inflicted on the tower, great chunks of it being torn out by blasts of everything from bolter shells to lascannon blasts and krak missle shots. But enough to heavily press the 4th Company marines who fought to defend those who were focused upon the tower. Hadrian took a blow to the face from some screeching thing made of glass feathers, each mutable and showing a kaleidoscope of horrible images, which tore out his left cheek, and much of the flesh around it. The ghoulish wound did not bring him low, but Hadrian was nonetheless missing outright half of his face to reveal the skull beneath as the fight continued on while the tower shuddered. <br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">================================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Tower Bombardment: 81<br/>
Tower Defenses: 25<br/>
On The Ground (Attackers): 23<br/>
On The Ground (Defenders): 36</b><br/>
<br/>
Sustained bombardment was one of the most glorious things in life. For despite the shields, the deflections, the outright portions of the tower which warped themselves to safety, thickened, or wriggled out of an incoming missile or lascannon blast, the tower shuddered in very real pain. Large chunks lay strewn across the ground, warplight sheen no longer glimmering from them after the damage the tower had taken. More and more of the tower was being destroyed, and while it was rebuilding itself at an appreciable rate, it was not even close to what was being unleashed upon it. If only the fight on the ground could be said to be nearly as successful, as two assault bike riders were torn from their mounts, attacks falling apart, defensive lines being bent and twisted by the slaughra mutants which appeared endless in number with daemon support. Wounds were high, more and more marines forced to fall back, to be propped up by their fellows so they could continue fighting, to be taken out entirely as they fell into sustaining comas to prevent their wounds from killing them. <br/>
<br/>
But the tower still stood. <br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master!" Apollo cries out from nearby. "Look! From the third tower!"<br/>
<br/>
In the distance, clouds of dust and dirt rise into the air, a force coming closer and closer...until it disappears entirely.<br/>
<br/>
"What?"<br/>
<br/>
Misdirection and sorcery. Of course. <br/>
<br/>
"Hadrian, Tarkus, prepare yourselves! The enemy has launched an assault from the third tower, we know not when they will strike!"<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">===============================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">Justinius' attention was upon the cracking tower, spiderwebs of damage crackling up its great frame, but he heard nonetheless. <br/>
<br/>
"Nero," he managed to growl through grit teeth. <br/>
<br/>
"I heard," the epistolary growled from nearby, hands clenched together as he stared unblinking at the tower. "I will try."<br/>
<br/>
(Piercing The World-Veil: 83/100)<br/>
<br/>
Sparks of psychic light bloomed around his bionic eyes, which in turn crackled with their own internal circuitry flickering. <br/>
<br/>
The veil twisted and then split apart before his will. A great bar of black iron, splitting seamlessly in the middle, flying as rods from the heavens and earth at screaming ravens, red stones glimmering in their chests. One that feasted upon a fallen three-legged serpent, one that even now battered at another writhing silvered creature. A third raven, whose red heart blazed with a storm all its own, was left on its own for now, for simple fact of lacking enough strength to cast another rod against it. <br/>
<br/>
"I <b><i>see</i></b>," Nero whispered before a hand rose to activate his comm. "I <i>see</i> them! They are splitting their strength! One towards you, Chapter Master, and another towards the 5th Company!"<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Landing Defense: 79+Advance Warning(15)=94</b><br/>
<br/>
Tarkus stared out at the masses currently attacking their position, firing his bolter without even changing expression as the epistolary concentrated next to him.<br/>
<br/>
"Damion, do you have them yet?" <br/>
<br/>
The veteran's voice was calm, still, even as he traversed the field with his weapon's angry bite. <br/>
<br/>
Damion was silent, for a moment, before his eyes opened. Unlike the searing sapphire lightning of Justinius, it was black flames that dripped from his eye sockets, licking against his chest before hitting the ground with animalistic hisses. The Umbral Barding gleamed with his power as he exercised it, and a thin grin appeared on the librarian's lips.<br/>
<br/>
"I do. Here, they come from here. They do not know that we have discovered them just yet," he spoke lowly, finger tracing over the tactical dataslate that Tarkus held out to him. <br/>
<br/>
When the daemon-engine led column came, approaching from the 'rear' against the greater push of the enemy, it was speared instantly by every rapier in the detachment, vaporized before the killing could even truly begin. The rest were cut down as well, shocked as their stealth faded away to find a foe prepared and eagerly awaiting them. In a desperately short time the matter was dealt with before Tarkus could turn to defending the landing zone properly once more, tarantula turrets dragged back to their original positions. <br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">===========================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Defending While Attacking: 87+15=102<br/>
Bombardment Continuation: 28<br/>
Tower Defenses: 17</b><br/>
<br/>
Were Hannibal a psyker, you would not be surprised if he would have been heralded for his ability to scream infernos into being. As it is, he relies on volume and physical deed to emulate the same effect as he falls upon the enemy column which had attempted to assault your left flank from behind. It was certainly daring, his action, whereby he made use of the black sludge-like sand that was the soil about the base of the tower, and his own blackened armor to camouflage himself. It is hard to believe, sometimes, considering his abnormal size, but the man was indeed a scout once. He and the rest of his chaplains act as a terrifying and hidden force of hatred that unfurls itself just as the slaughra mutants and their own sorcerer are attacked from the front. Their strange spells of invisibility and clouding from sight and sensor alike failing them, they are forced into an open conflict they had no chance of winning. <br/>
<br/>
Which gave the land raiders and the others more time to fire, and fire they did, the whirlwind having not stopped firing the entire time.  <br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">==================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Tower 2 Assault Continuation: 96<br/>
Tower 2 Defenses: 43</b><br/>
<br/>
A crack. A shuddering of the core. A blast of psychic lightning, opening and widening a hole for an entire salvo of whirlwind missiles, followed by a tight grouping of krak missiles. And then Justinius reached up, his hands clenching and tearing at the heavens themselves...and the tower split at the base. A howl of pain and fear erupted from the remaining xenos and their mutants. Daemons flickered out of being entirely, back to the immaterium from whence they came. A scream of victory and hate rose up from the Blood Ravens, Hadrian loudest of all as the Librarians continued their own efforts. As the tower began to collapse, vast chunks beginning to split off as the great silver needle ceased to be able to maintain its own structure with the laws of reality once more imposed upon it, the 4th Company pulled back, further and further, heading out and away. The tower's essence was...broken, for lack of a better word, enough that a good third of it dissipated entirely, phasing out of existence, while other shards hurtled to earth at speeds to create great craters upon the impact sites, but by then, the Blood Ravens were gone from there. <br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">===========================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Tower 1 Assault Continuation: 99 <br/>
Tower 2 Force Arrival: 54<br/>
Tower Defenses: 80</b><br/>
<br/>
"Damned...gah, we're bogged down again! The land itself rises against us once more!" Hadrian's call is not panicked, but rather more furious that he is once more being waylaid by the corrupted powers which choke the planet. <br/>
<br/>
"It is fine, brother," you comm back, watching as the tower begins to shimmer and crackle. "No need. We will come to you."<br/>
<br/>
Finally, it began to break, and topple. Speed was of the essence, though luckily as before the most dangerous portions of the tower faded away entirely. Entire sections of crystalline shapes which floated in orbit about it collapsed or disappeared back into the warp, but yet more of the tower would be coming down, and coming down hard. The geographical damage of the towers breaking and falling onto the earth would be severe, but better that they be destroyed now, these orbital spokes of a planetary wheel, than survive and taint the planet any longer. Upon the total collapse of the two towers, the clouds which harried you either by carrying flying creatures or by being monsters of smoke themselves - along with the stormbanks overhead - disappear entirely. Not easily, no, but disappear they do, peeled back more and more. The world itself shudders not just with the vast collapses you have begun, but with the rending of its sorcerous connectors. The greater lattice itself is, Justinius tells you, weakened beyond the sum of a single lost tower with every one lost - for it is a system built on great asymmetrical symmetry, all parts different yet the same while working together. <br/>
<br/>
By breaking three, you have harmed the system far more than the numbers would suggest...but that does not mean you have not taken casualties. <br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Operation Results</u><br/>
-7 4th Company Marines Heavily Injured, Unavailable For Combat Operations<br/>
-3 Towers Shattered. Storm Lattice Has Sustained Moderate Damage. Overall Lattice Strength Reduced. </b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Set Plans For For Stage Five Of Engagement:</b>​</div><div style="text-align: left">[] To Kill What Comes: You have taken one of their holy sites. You have forced them to retreat. Animalistic pride alone would demand recompense and revenge. Prepare for this. Already you have forces here, and outside of the clearly dangerous cloud cover which could unleash itself at any time if you were directly under it. The enemy will come for you, and they will batter and break upon your weapons and fury. Once they are exhausted, you will likely be able to strike out against the towers with greater ease...supposedly at least. Nothing is certain on a world ruled by Tzeentch - even if it has not yet become a true Daemonworld. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] Ranging Out: There is one tower close by to you, which has - you can hope - exhausted its strength trying to aid its fellows. But yet more towers remain as well. They are as bases and settlements in one, but melta bombs, Land Raiders, and krak explosives will take them down from the base all the same once the aliens, mutants, and daemon which cluster at them are destroyed. They <b>will</b> require heavy Librarian support, however, for they shall be venturing out beneath the practically living storm of Tzeentch which rules here. You will also have to dedicate forces to keep the landing zone clear, else the enemy might come and reclaim it. The greater worry, of course, is that isolated forces might be ambushed by other tower compliments, by daemons, or other mutant bands which wander aimlessly across the surface of the world. (<b>NOT REQUIRED TO ASSAULT ALL AT ONCE)</b><br/>
-[] Landing Zone: [Write-In Forces Kept Back For Defense]<br/>
-[] Tower 3: This tower contributed a great many forces to try and halt you from breaking the towers, as well as to try and take back the landing zone. Perhaps now they are weakened indeed? <br/>
-[] Tower 4: Further out, and closer to the ruin of the 2nd Tower, this area is even worse in terms of terrain. Vehicles would be near useless here, of the heavier variety at least. Landspeeders might be able to still make it, but the rhinos and land raiders would <i>not</i>. Nor would the predators or razorbacks. It would have to be a largely infantry-based assault...or perhaps entirely based on thunderhawks making runs into a literally hostile airspace. <br/>
-[] Tower 5: Closer to the ruins of the 1st Tower - not the Landing Tower - but further out still. It is on a seemingly flat plain that can suddenly become a roiling sea of dunes where each grain of sand is bladed, but such things could be stopped - Justinius believes - with the proper application of the librarians. Enough at least to allow your forces to advance to the tower itself, and make battle upon it. <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> Confirmed Naval Presences In System</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Imperial Navy Losses In System</b><br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruiser<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x2 Firestorm, x1 Cobra, x2 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blood Raven Losses In System</b><br/>
x2 Gladius Frigates (4th Company)<br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Great Father's Fist</i><br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Omnis Arcanum</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Kappa</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Admiral Graves)<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
15 Escort Squadrons (x11 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
10 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Theta</b><br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleets (Blood Ravens)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Nu</b><br/>
1 Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
3 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x3 Firestorm, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Sigma</b><br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
9 Escort Squadrons (x5 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonworld/Capital</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Batteship-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
2 Beast of Tzeentch (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
2 Swarmships (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
4 Daemonships (Cruiser-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
5 Beasts of Tzeentch (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
15 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Undivided-leaning)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></div>
  </body>
</html>