<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Nineteen)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Nineteen)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[] Forward: To further distract and panic the defenders of New Meridian, order the Imperial Guard to start actively pushing into the hive, forcing the enemy to dedicate significantly more defenders towards them than anywhere else. This will, understandably, cause many more casualties amongst the Guard, but they will not shy away from their duty.<br/>
[] Fly By Insertion: The fastest method would involve taking a Strike Cruiser and effectively performing a drive-by deployment of thunderhawks and drop pods directly into Spire Jubacael, those areas not currently under void shield. Then, all forces shall work to locate Vandis and either capture of kill him. Once this is done, all shall teleport back, and the system may finally be dealt with in a most permanent manner. This would also allow the Inquisitorial and Imperial Guard Stormtroopers to deploy alongside the Blood Ravens. At the same time, the insertion would be dangerous, for obvious reasons - as such, the strike cruisers would work in tandem to force enemy attentions on themselves instead of their precious cargo and their deliveries.<br/>
-[] As the Strike Cruisers approach, have the fleet direct a rain of ordnance and kinetic impactors - improvised ones, if necessary - on the orbital guns protecting Spire Jubacael, from ballistic trajectories that keep our ships at a distance from the Warp Tear. They may or may not be able to penetrate their void shields, but void shields flare when struck - a constant stream of impacts causing constant flaring may throw off their ability to get a target lock.<br/>
-[] Use Imperial Navy chaff or sensor buoys to spoof enemy auspex readings and confuse their aim even more by making it seem like there are way more sensor readings than there should be, to further shield our Strike Cruisers.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
To their credit, the soldiers of the Imperial Guard did not flinch when they were given their task. A doomed forward assault, a violent excursion without possibility of victory, a distraction of blood and fury of tremendous proportion. Tens of thousands, or more likely hundreds of thousands of them would most assuredly die in the coming confrontation with the fanatical cultist legions of New Meridian. And yet it was needed of them. They were called to do their duty, to not merely die standing, but die while rushing headlong against the enemy. Regiments assembled, reserves were called up, wounded were alternatively tugged back into the ships if they were simply too wounded to fight or pumped full of adrenals and painkillers to get them back into the grinder if they could be. In the meantime, the Blood Ravens steadily disappeared entirely, teleporting or flying back up to their ships, for their course was perhaps equally as deadly or even more so when considering most every possible factor.<br/>
<br/>
For Spire Jubacael awaited them, and their quarry within it.<br/>
<br/>
High above, in orbit, the fleet began to move. Weapons arrays came to life as they began to unleash themselves against the continent-spanning hive below them. Massive bubbles of void shields flared and shuddered as they were struck to protect individual or tightly packed spires, but the infrastructure damage left behind by the daemons added to the toll. Transformers and generatorums had been struck, conduits shredded in the fighting between cultist and daemon alike, leaving some shields flickering or refusing to come on entirely. The firing was, initially, indiscriminate, but as their destination came closer they narrowed their focus. Grabbed pieces of shattered defense stations and ship wrecks were thrust forwards with a mishmash of rigged technologies, whether it was being released from vehicle latches on the underbellies of the thunderhawks or even attached surplus thrusters meant for repairs on other vehicles. Chaff cherubim were released in enormous clouds, and though they were ordinarily meant to aid in the deflection or confusing of incoming missiles, on this day and in that moment they were to obscure enemy auspex devices. Whether it would work, any of it, or not remained to be seen. Regardless of the result, the strike cruiser <i>Spiraling Fury</i>, of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet, advanced. Not alone, for the <i>Rage of Erudition</i> and <i>The Great Father's Fist</i> journeyed forth as well, but it was the <i>Fury</i> upon which the bulk of the burden would be laid.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Forward Push: 10<br/>
<br/>
Distracting Rain: 43<br/>
<br/>
Spoof Attempts: 15<br/>
<br/>
Rapid Insertion: 87</b><br/>
<br/>
And a burden it was. Despite Spire Jubacael being directly beneath the warp tear and subject to the highest concentration of daemons and miscellaneous warp spawn, its shields and sensors were as high quality as nepotism could provide. It was immediately obvious that the enemy anti-orbital fire was punching past the chaff screen, the spoofing signals of the cherubim seemingly ignored entirely. The void shields of the strike cruisers flared again and again as the enemy fire struck them head on. By the time that the trio of ships had reached their destination, they were fielding swarms of daemons from above and New Meridian fire from below. Damage was inevitable as the generators were forced to cycle again and again, chunks of hull cratering and buckling beneath blasts that found purchase in the moments between. It was precisely the sort of mission and purpose that strike cruisers had been built for. To withstand punishment fit to tear apart cruisers and more long enough to deliver their own deadly cargo and escape.<br/>
<br/>
If only barely, in some cases.<br/>
<br/>
The signals turned green as the Spire's shield was registered as being knocked offline for a short period of time, the last prayers were finished, and the teleportariums went to work. Drop pods thundered down one after another, some of them filled with space marines, and others with weaponry. Dozens of teleportation beacon repeaters were thrust downwards as well, carried in every manner possible. Immediately, anti-air cannons leapt to life, the daemons in their targeting arrays and the warp-essence infused in their shells tearing rents in the sky to mark the passage of such deadly implements. Missiles left behind exhaust trails of toxic fumes and where they erupted acidic waves which outright melted whole drop pods was left behind to then rain back down. It was solely the fact that the drop pods at the foremost edge of the wave were uninhabited save for automated weapon systems that preserved multiple Blood Ravens from losing their lives without being able to shoot back at anything. Of course, the legions of Vandis knew as much, for their master had suspected that one day the Blood Ravens would indeed come for him. As such, even as multiple pods passed through the firing envelope, whole battalions were rushing to the locations that their tainted cogitators had declared most likely arrival points. The air shrieked as the first of those such pods arrived, a staccato beat of thunderclaps and miniature earthquakes following impacts. One pod in particular took a solid shell of flak and yet managed to land somewhat accurately to its planned destination despite missing a third of its mass and exposing more than one marine within.<br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, it managed to land without killing its passengers.<br/>
<br/>
"For the Emperor!" Captain Tarkus yelled, grunting as he shoved the ruined remains of the drop pod aside.<br/>
<br/>
He immediately regretted that decision and dragged the thick chunk of metal back into place as five heavy bolters, two heavy stubbers, and a barrage of plasma guns fired on his position. Gritting his teeth, he popped up and spent a half-second to mark targets before firing his bolter over his piece of makeshift cover. Around him, the rest of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company was doing the same. The heavy weapons tapered off, however, as there was the sound of a crackling electrical blast from behind them. Tarkus toggled the auto-senses of his helmet and nodded as he saw the unnatural cold bloom which sometimes accompanied the usage of psychic lightning. When he emerged, he saw the weapons teams which had hastily deployed had been transformed into black charred remains as Epistolary Damion Tyrin strode through them. One New Meridian soldier collapsed into ash as the body of the Librarian quite literally walked through him, letting loose with another blast of lightning.<br/>
<br/>
"Advance, brothers! For the Chapter!" He rushed forward to do just that.<br/>
<br/>
All around them, the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company was rapidly working to come together. They did not have the numbers to affect a wider spread. The sheer technological capabilities of the enemy, bearing so many heavy weapons capable of striking down even space marines, meant that their only chance for survival was to come together and advance as swiftly as possible. Already around them, all could witness a bubble of energy rapidly rising upwards to envelop the spire once more, cutting them off even from teleportation travel. Unfortunate, but expected. Tarkus grimaced, though it wasn't much of a change from his usual expression and continued firing on the dozens of oncoming troopers. It disgusted him to see just how close their uniforms mirrored that of the Imperial Guard, the noble aquila replaced with the sigils of Chaos and House Vandis. Those whose helmets exposed their faces revealed a remarkable number of them looked mostly human, though others had greying or otherwise inhumanly colored flesh. More importantly, however, were the many plasma guns and hellguns in their hands.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================<br/>​</div>"Here we are," Cyrus grunted as he glanced disapprovingly at the actuality sphere.<br/>
<br/>
"So it seems," Canoness Tenenbaum muttered stiffly.<br/>
<br/>
"Two of those worlds are lost," Captain Manin scowled.<br/>
<br/>
"One Agri-World, and one Mining World. The latter is potentially recoverable, if we are swift enough," Admiral Scvolitch pointed out. "Magos? Possibilities on the Agri-World?"<br/>
<br/>
"Possible," Magos waggled a mechadendrite. "Not without extreme cost, as Magna Agra possessed a highly developed and controlled biosphere, re-establishing it will take much time and resources. Estimated starvation deaths in interim period…just under fourteen billion."<br/>
<br/>
"Well," Lord General Hamms sneered, "We shall have to make that sacrifice worth it by burning the bugs out, here and now!"<br/>
<br/>
"Indeed," Cyrus sniffed. "To our ships and stations, then?"<br/>
<br/>
"It would be wise," Admiral Scvolitch nodded respectfully. "We have a battle to win, after all."<br/>
<br/>
Swiftly, all departed from the strategium of the battleship <i>Glorious Emphasis</i>. Around the command ship, the combined fleet of the Imperial Navy and two Chapters thrust forwards into the last tyranid-held system in the Subsector. They had come from all across not just the Mede Subsector, but all of the Helba Sector and beyond. Only the swiftness of the campaign had allowed it, a pace set and maintained by the expertise of a Force Commander who had spent two centuries in the Deathwatch and had fought in all three of the most recent Aurelian Crusades. The enormous combined fleet thrust forward, and naturally the Hive Mind responded. The titanic bio-ships turned to face them, organic masses equaling escorts, cruisers, and in a several terrifying cases outright battleships. The Hive Ships were the greatest threat of all, of course.<br/>
<br/>
"Attention, all ships!" Admiral Scvolitch boomed through the vox. "This is it! We must eradicate the tyranids here and now, lest one of their foul splinter fleets arise again elsewhere! This is for the billions dead already, to prevent billions of more deaths! To reclaim our lost worlds! For the Mede Subsector, for the Helba Sector, for the Segmentum Ultima, for the God-Emperor! FORWARD, AND ALL SHIPS FIRE AT WILL!"<br/>
<br/>
As the fleet advanced, already with lances firing at the furthest ranges, the admiral switched over to a more private vox channel.<br/>
<br/>
"Force Commander Cyrus, are you certain?"<br/>
<br/>
The sound of a rifle's slide racking was the first answer before the Blood Raven responded.<br/>
<br/>
"It is the only way. The toxins developed must be injected directly into the Norn Queens. Then, we must find the calved Norn Queens that will emerge afterwards, and kill them before they can fully re-establish connections to the Hive Mind. Our ships will survive reaching the center of the tyranid fleet. Yours will not."<br/>
<br/>
The admiral sighed.<br/>
<br/>
"May the God-Emperor watch over you and the Sisters of Battle, then."<br/>
<br/>
He had no more time to discuss the matter, not with the battle fully joined.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><b>Forward Distraction: 12 vs. 55<br/>
Entering The Spire: 40 vs. 64 vs. 80</b><br/>
<br/>
The fighting was exactly as grueling as expected. Less than a hundred space marines fought a desperate battle against the most elite troops that Vandis could produce. The teleportation beacons and thunderhawks that managed to get through were bringing forth the troops of the Inquisition as well, and yet even with all of that they were still terribly outnumbered. Genetically enhanced troopers, abominations of science and technology, thundered out from passages to the inner depths of the spire wielding weapons fit to tear apart tanks in each hand. Hundreds and thousands of troopers wielding lasguns and autoguns also arrived, more every minute. Heavily armored and heavily armed soldiers, almost mistakable as stormtroopers of the Imperium, were also present in ever growing number. But of course, that was not the only foe to be fought across the spire. For high above, looking like a broken grin or bleeding eye was the tear in the warp, and from it the daemons flowed. And while void shields could protect against the technological, they were less valuable in defending against those purely of the warp. For a planet, a micro-nation which eagerly and regularly communed with denizens of the Immaterium, such connections were often valuable for rituals and sorceries alike. But so too were they aware, far better than most in the Imperium, as to the danger such things represented.<br/>
<br/>
Not that it stopped the daemons from going after such protections the moment the warp tear bloomed into existence.<br/>
<br/>
"There, take that entrance! We must get out of the open!" Gabriel pointed, slamming his hammer into a Vandis trooper and destroying everything above the waist.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well!" Justinius boomed and thrust his staff forth.<br/>
<br/>
From it, a massive wave of flame poured through the doors, blackening the metal and rockcrete as it burned the hundreds of charging troops bearing the sigils of Chaos to death. Those few that survived that were at the far back, and these did not live much longer as bolter rounds began filling the newly emptied space. Within thirty seconds, every single Blood Raven in the solar system was inside, accompanied by numerous Inquisitorial stormtroopers. Attempting to kill the total fighting populace of the entire spire was likely outright impossible, for the Imperials were outnumbered more than ten to one by both forces. Their only recourse was as much brutal speed as could be managed.<br/>
<br/>
Already, many of the Blood Ravens were sporting wounds, ceramite punctured or blasted through by a wild assortment of weapons.<br/>
<br/>
But none had fallen.<br/>
<br/>
Yet.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Forward Grind: 44 vs. 92<br/>
Penetrating The Spire Defenses 1: 65 vs. 60 vs. 12</b><br/>
<br/>
The innards of Spire Jubacael were no less difficult to fight through than its outer surfaces. The daemons had attempted to penetrate here as well, but they had run directly into long-prepared defenses by the defenders of New Meridian. They had, thus far, proven unable to get past the first few checkpoints, evidenced by the shredded metal and rockcrete from claws and spikes aplenty. Immediately after entry, the Blood Ravens came up against cordons manned by New Meridian troops wielding heavy weapons. Again and again, their progress slowed, only for one of the Librarians to shatter the weapons, or melt them, or swivel them about to fire on those behind. There were heavy bolters and heavy stubbers, but after a certain point they began running into the true elites, the New Meridian Stormtroopers. Many of them wielded plasma guns, but there was an astonishing number of them that bore outright bolters. It was not entirely uncommon for such weapons to be wielded by those outside the Adeptus Astartes and the Adeptas Sororitas, but the quantity and quality was still immensely troubling. Especially when they began firing them all.<br/>
<br/>
Still, they fought on, each meter purchased in pain, bruises, and blood.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>To fight inside of a Hive Ship, or any of the massive void-faring tyranid bio-forms, was truly nightmarish. The walls, the floors, the ceiling was flesh, and you fought not in corridors but inside massive veins through which sloshed alien ichor. Pustules burst to release powerful acids and regrew themselves within seconds to do so again and again to clear out blockages. Active, smaller tyranids swam through the veins precisely in case of something or someone doing just what the Blood Ravens, Ebon Claws, and Lost Rosetta were in the midst of doing. Blowing holes through the veins and into inner chambers, massive hollows in which tyranids gestated or slumbered in hibernation in vast numbers did not much improve matters. Already, multiple carnifexes in this latest chamber were awakening as the blood of the vein they had fought their way through spilled out around their waists and legs. Immediately several of the Seraphim began firing their pistols, meanwhile Celestians triggered their multi-meltas. In the further distance, Cyrus could see the twitching of an out and out bio-titan as tendrils of bioelectricity ran across it to prevent any possible decay or weakness during months and years of travel. Cables of neurons writ into injectors the width of a land raider hundreds of feet long grew bright as the Hive Mind drove it back to wakefulness.<br/>
<br/>
"Move! Move! Move! The Norn Queen's chamber is nearby!" Cyrus barked, ignoring how there were already warnings that some of the seals applied to his armor and that of the others were beginning to weaken from all of the bio-plasma and xeno acids they had faced thus far.<br/>
<br/>
The Hive Ship shuddered so hard it was practically an earthquake, nearly knocking some of them to the floor, followed shortly by an alien scream as the actual ship itself bellowed in pain from the attacks being levied upon it from without as much as within.<br/>
<br/>
"Onwards, sisters, on!" Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum roared, slamming a power fist into a tyranid warrior's throat to blow its head off.<br/>
<br/>
"There!" Captain Manin shouted, pointing with one finger, "Librarian Curso is certain!"<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus just kept moving. It was not a common thing for him to one more don the armor of a battle brother, rather than the armor of a scout, but the environment of a Hive Ship was simply so extreme that even he needed the protections it provided. If only to reach the target. Pulling out another cluster of melta grenades, he threw them overhand directly into the wall, ducking down behind a dead tyranid as the explosion tore through the wet, fetid air. Again, the Hive Ship screamed, louder this time. But so too did something else entirely. A screech that tore at his ears as much as it did his mind. Rearing nearby, so large it could be mistaken as another battlefield ready bio-titan, squatted the Norn-Queen. From her fluted flanks spilled hundreds of eggs from the dozens of fleshy pulsating orifices, those at the very bottom already beginning to wriggle and birth themselves to reveal tyranid warriors and termagaunts slick with amniotic fluid. The hanging forest of umbilical cords twanged and bounced as the larger sacs and their larger bio-forms began to be forcibly birthed at rapid pace.<br/>
<br/>
Baleful eyes the size of tanks turned their way, filled with alien hatred and fury atop a dangerously sentient mind.<br/>
<br/>
"There is the beast!"<br/>
<br/>
"Go! Go! Go!"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><b>Forward Grind: 58 vs. 29<br/>
Penetrating The Spire Defenses 2: 35 vs. 70</b><br/>
<br/>
The first death for the Chapter within Spire Jubacael was Brother Menelaus, of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. Battered and bloodied from multiple wounds, his armor practically blown apart from repeated grenade assaults and a pair of heavy bolters maintaining their target for long enough, the dying battle brother was filled with just enough energy to fling himself forward and tear apart his killers in the form of the Vandis Stormtroopers before finally expiring. At the very least, his gene-seed was recoverable, but there was barely enough time to do that as the strike force continued to move on. By now, there were no daemons at all, the defenses of the New Meridians so far able to prevent them from entering any further. That was little salve to the Blood Ravens as they continued to fight, forced to leave the carcass of their brother marine behind due to the pace demanded of their mission. His ammo, weaponry, and grenades were taken, and his body trapped should scavengers come from behind. A grim thought, and yet one that was proven correct as sensors triggered no less than sixty seconds after they'd moved on, a distant explosion inaudible to the sounds of more immediate battle.<br/>
<br/>
By that point, the gates had begun slamming shut, vast hewed things of metal and stone that were specifically built to repel intruders as best as possible. Turrets that fired krak missiles, twin-linked lascannon turrets, turrets that fired heavy bolter rounds, and turrets that thumped out multiple types of grenades were just one new threat to be faced. So too however came a veritable tide of gene-hounds. Abominations of bionics and genetically enhanced flesh, equals to space marines in physicality if nothing else, their torturous existences measured in months and days from start to finish. Despite the fact that they were dying from the moment they'd been decanted from their tubes, they fought viciously. More than one Inquisitorial Stormtrooper was torn apart in their hands, but just as many were wounded or killed as they opened up with their own bolters, plasma guns, and modified weapons that were quite clearly derived from the ripper guns often given to Imperial ogryns. Many more hauled oversized chainswords or chainaxes, roaring as they thundered into the fray. There was even a handful of daemon-machines, creations that could have once been combat servitors or battle automata before being melded with the dread enhancements possible through the Warp.<br/>
<br/>
Wounded, damaged, their armors becoming slick with their own blood as much as the enemy, the Blood Ravens forced their way further into the spire.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><i>Sunderhammer</i> pulped the head of the possessed chaos marine, but Aramus could not spare a moment to appreciate the righteous kill. After all, there were dozens more all around him, and he yanked the hammer back until his grip was so choked it was practically holding flush against the head itself. For once, it was the shaft of the thunderhammer that became a weapon, stabbing and gouging those behind and to the sides while he utilized the head of the hammer as if it were a rock and he a primordial human in the days of old on Terra. Around him, hundreds of screaming sisters of battle were similarly engaged in close combat. Some fought against possessed marines as he did, others were cutting through swarms of cultists and madmen, and yet more were engaged against the daemons that the enemy had summoned forth. From behind him, the rest of the occupants of the thunderhawk emerged directly into the fighting. The sight of less than a handful of space marines had, ironically, not done overly much to bolster the spirits of the Adeptas Sororitas.<br/>
<br/>
That changed, however, as Palantine Katicia and her Celestian Superior squads emerged as well. A raucous cheer went up from the Sisters of Battle, some outright screaming in religious ecstasy as a hero of their kind arrived to aid them. By that point, Aramus could spy the telltale evidence of the curious powers that the Sisters could on occasion wield. Before he had arrived in Cadia, he had thought such things a mixture of rumor, clandestine technologies hoarded in secrecy by the Ecclesiarchy, or perhaps even misattributed psyker abilities. That was decades ago, and as a Blood Raven such ignorance was swift to leave him once he began to investigate and document. No, the golden field which sprang up around many of the Sisters of Battle was something else altogether, a flaming aura which provided protection to the faithful while burning the forces of Chaos to ash.<br/>
<br/>
"HOLD FAST, SISTERS!" Palantine Katicia shouted, her voice boosted by no known technological means, "XERSIA SHALL NOT FALL THIS DAY!"<br/>
<br/>
The devoted of the God-Emperor cheered, and perhaps in response, the Dark Gods answered. Drop pods covered in the sigils of Chaos came crashing down from the heavens, and where they landed they unleashed squads of marines bearing the banners of the Black Legion. The Chaos Space Marines shouted to the Dark Gods, bellowing the name of their patrons, and immediately began advancing towards the battered Imperial lines. A quartet of dreadnoughts stomped out, insane gibbering emerging from their speakers as they began firing their assault cannons and missiles at the Imperial hard points. More than a few heavy weapons batteries were blown to pieces by the twisted half-dead before concentrated lascannon blasts began tearing them apart. Aramus let the ghost of a grin come across his face as Sarrelen unleashed the might of the <i>Redemption By Fire</i>, but it faded quickly as he stepped back and observed the battlefield.<br/>
<br/>
The Cardinal World of Xersia was a prime target for the enemy, being a bastion of Imperial faith and morale, but more so due to the fact that it was alone in its planetary system unlike nearby Cadia. But that just meant that the Ecclesiarchy had chosen to reinforce it that much more. Which, in turn, drew the forces of Chaos like flies. The skies above were wreathed in flame and shattered metal as the fleets battled one another, and this time, it was the Imperial Navy that was retreating. Aramus could already see the orbital fire from the Chaos vessels hitting in the distance at other Imperial holdouts.<br/>
<br/>
"Palantine!" He shouted, drawing the holy warrior's attention.<br/>
<br/>
"What is it," she shouted back, driving her power sword deep into a cultist's chest, killing them instantly.<br/>
<br/>
"Our ships are having to pull back. Saving the cathedral here will not matter if they can simply blast it to pieces from orbit!" He pointed up at the skies.<br/>
<br/>
Ordinarily, one would not be able to see the ships so high up. But the Chaos ships were eager to cause as much terror and hatred as possible, and so flew low enough to scrape partially through the atmosphere. Even so, they were but black dots that occasionally fired lances of unholy fire down to the ground, but for many that was enough. The Palantine knew it as well as he did and grit her teeth. They had, after all, only just arrived down onto the planet, but while the protective powers of the Sisters were occasionally quite considerable, protecting from orbital bombardment was another thing entirely. The fact that the Alpha Legion had sabotaged many of the planet's cathedral-city void shields days ago only compounded the problem.<br/>
<br/>
"So what do you suggest?" She snapped.<br/>
<br/>
"We have to stop their ships before they can walk their bombardment any further. You know what that means, what that will require."<br/>
<br/>
Katicia pursed her lips and nodded.<br/>
<br/>
"Alicia, Valinda!" She snapped, drawing the eyes of the Seraphim Superior squad leaders. "Back into the thunderhawk."<br/>
<br/>
"Mistress? But-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Sisters, do you see those Chaos ships?" She pointed into the sky. "I do not want to see them anymore. Accompany the Blood Ravens. Now go!"<br/>
<br/>
There was zero hesitation as they sprinted back into the thunderhawk with Aramus just on their heels.<br/>
<br/>
"Thaddeus, with me! Sarrelen, remain here and keep suppressing the enemy armor!"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>On the far edge of the system, a trio of battered ships tore out of the warp. It was not an easy transition, and fire trailed from holes and tears up and down their hulls. Half of their engines were burnt out or broken, most of their guns were broken slag, and still they burned forward. By the time that the auspex sensors of the Imperial ships could recognize them, they had already plunged into the gravity reef. It was not even close to near the same entrance that had been taken to get into the system in the first place. But rather, it was just one of the shifting openings and paths, one only possible to know of if one had spent decades within the system learning the ways and changes that the gravity reef could undergo. Within moments, the passage had closed off entirely, enterable solely for that one instant and impossible to follow through afterwards for a simply unknowable length of time.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><b>Stationary Grind: 35 vs. 88<br/>
Penetrating The Spire Defenses: 99 vs. 63</b><br/>
<br/>
The further in they got, the thicker the defenses and defenders grew. Soon enough, they were forced to rely almost entirely upon the Librarians to push back or through the corridors and down the stairwells. More than once, the enemy had blockaded such areas with heavy barriers and three-rank formations. Stormtroopers on their bellies let loose with autoguns, whilst those just behind knelt and fired out with their own bolters, while those standing fired with their plasma guns. At other times, there were barriers, turrets, and a massive rush of gene-hounds with melee weapons, rapidly closing with the wearied Blood Ravens. More than once, Epistolary Idmon had to tear apart the entire hallway, just to preserve the lives of his battle brothers as much as kill the enemy. More than once Codicier Aeneas flickered from view, gore and flying limbs left in his wake. More than once, Epistolary Damion Tyrin had to hurl massive spheres of lightning forward.<br/>
<br/>
And, of course, once they reached a certain point, pride dictated itself into the situation.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>I knew you would come for me</b>," a familiar sneering voice crackled across the speakers, interrupting the constant calm droning of status reports and directives. "<b>I <i>knew </i>it</b>."<br/>
<br/>
"Vandis," Gabriel growled aloud as he broke a gene-hound apart around the head of his hammer.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Pathetic little creatures of the Emperor</b>," the ex-Governor Vandis spat through the vox. "<b>Of course</b>," he gave a hoarse laugh, "<b>If I had known you were so weakened by the Hound of the Black Legion, we would have wiped you out years ago</b>."<br/>
<br/>
The Chapter Master did not bother informing the man that the vast majority of the Chapter's strength had been deployed elsewhere. The enemy had not realized a difference before now, and he knew as well as any other tactician that being underestimated could be a valuable weapon.<br/>
<br/>
"Brave words for a coward who flees and hides," Gabriel yelled back as Justinius blew another barred door down with pure telekinetic force, scattering the guards behind it to be shot to pieces. "First you relied upon Araghast to do what you were too weak to do. Then you could not even keep a leash around Mortirex. And now, your very world is under siege, and you hide again! We have taken your worlds from you, Vandis!" Gabriel paused only to crush another gene-hound with <i>Godsplitter</i>. "We have taken every single one of them! And now, we come for you!"<br/>
<br/>
"<b>You are nothing more than ignorant mongrels</b>!" Vandis shouted back, his screeching causing the vox itself to crackle and pop from the feedback. "<b>What you have destroyed is nothing compared to the powers of Chaos! Worlds are <i>nothing</i> to the powers of the Dark Gods</b>!"<br/>
<br/>
"And yet," Gabriel was the one sneering now, "You call your precious capital 'New Meridian'. Derosa rules the true Meridian, now. House Derosa is ascendent…and where is House Vandis now? Dead or cowering."<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Derosa?! That weak-willed slime of a woman is a powerless wretch, and that planet is nothing compared to the glories we have enacted here</b>," Vandis shouted back. "<b>The power I have, that House Vandis has secured through the Dark Gods, will long outlive the Imperium</b>!"<br/>
<br/>
This time, however, Gabriel did not answer immediately. Instead, he glanced to Justinius, the Chief Librarian having paused the moment the former Governor had begun speaking, falling deep into a trance with psychic light pouring from his eyes. The Chief Librarian raised but one finger without looking in Gabriel's direction.<br/>
<br/>
"Power?" Gabriel scoffed. "Power to run. To hide. So many souls, so many years, so many generations, and yet here you are."<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Mortirex was a simple brute, and Araghast an easily led fool, Blood Raven</b>," Vandis hissed. "<b>They had no idea what power House Vandis holds…and neither do you. But now? I shall <i>show</i> you!"</b><br/>
<br/>
As one, the Librarians stumbled save for the Chief Librarian, who lowered his finger and nodded to Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
"I know where he is," Justinius declared before wincing, a hand going to his temple. "He has begun releasing bound daemons and they are heading directly for us."<br/>
<br/>
"And more?" Gabriel raised an eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
"I cannot yet see them…," Justinius trailed off before shaking his head. "But yes. I suspect that is not everything. It makes a terribly mathematic sense, I think."<br/>
<br/>
"Oh?"<br/>
<br/>
Justinius furrowed his brow.<br/>
<br/>
"How many generations has House Vandis had to sacrifice from their populace to the Dark Gods? By volume alone, even if not in grand singular deeds? They have gathered so much of their power…bureaucratically, almost. At least that is my estimation."<br/>
<br/>
Neither of them was quite sure if that made it better or worse. Neither had time to contemplate it either as the sounds of daemonic screeches and roars emerged from the distance. Within moments, bloodletters and flamers entered, the daemons of Khorne and Tzeentch disturbingly forced into working together by their bindings against the loyalists. Accompanying them were what had clearly once been gene-hounds before being possessed, all of them becoming twisted horrors akin to possessed chaos marines. Even more Vandis Stormtroopers brought up the rear. It was a tide of death which rolled towards their small group, but none of the Blood Ravens faltered. Instead, they strode forward to meet that which Vandis had unleashed. Instead, it was they who tore through their enemies. Again, it was the Librarians who did the bulk of the work, working in a chorus of psychic might that blasted apart the enemy and opened the way again and again and again.<br/>
<br/>
As one, the Blood Ravens broke through level after level, even as the guardians grew more swollen with unholy power and the very gates themselves were revealed to be enchanted by the foul sorceries of Chaos. Vandis, in turn, unleased greater horrors against them. Defilers came, amalgams of daemon flesh and metal that fired armor piercing shells and acidic toxin bombs. Obliterators arrived, bellowing in pain as their bodies were ever further mutated by the virus interwoven with their bodies and souls. There was even a fearsome Decimator, something that threw Blood Ravens into walls with armor shattering force and halved the remaining Inquisitorial Stormtroopers in less than thirty seconds. Yet even that daemonic war machine was broken down by <i>Godsplitter</i>, the terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, and the combined strength of the Blood Raven Librarians.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>Of course, everyone who had ever been made to face the tyranids in the Deathwatch had been made aware of what occurred at the Battle of Tarsis Ultra. It was the first confirmed in-person kill made on a Norn-Queen after all. But it was one thing to read the mission reports of Captain Ventris of the Ultramarines 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, it was another entirely to try and do so themselves. Cyrus contemplated that as he watched the three senior Seraphim carry the quite frankly enormous mixture of missile and needle that the Adeptus Mechanicus had devised for this purpose through the air. The toxin derived from the Alpha strain bio-forms that they had painstakingly located and killed up until this point outright glowed from the various compounds utilized to make it. The Norn-Queen knew it was coming, somehow, the information of what occurred at Tarsis Ultra likely somehow passed by way of the Hive Mind itself. But even as hundreds of rounds of bio-plasma began firing at them, melting their power armor and bodies beneath under the vicious barrage, the delivery device remained hale from its starship grade armor. Cyrus watched from the corner of his eye as he continued to fight alongside the others in the middle of the Norn-Queen's chamber, as one, then two of the Seraphim dissolved outright midflight.<br/>
<br/>
It was the last who completed the deed, accelerating her jump pack to fatal speeds to slam the device directly into the Norn-Queen's eye and deep into her head – directly into the brain. Instantly, its plunger activated, and the neurotoxin was injected at rapid speed. Literal gallons of the stuff was shot directly into the giant alien brain in under a second, the sheer pressure causing its own incidental damages. The third of the Seraphim did not survive her final act, but the damage was done regardless. The psychic backlash was the greatest that Cyrus had ever experienced, far greater than the killings of the most powerful of Eldar Farseers had he faced before. He, along with hundreds of others, blacked out as they were flung in every direction, and a number were wounded or died outright as the now berserking tyranids attacked them before they could regain consciousness. But many more did jerk awake once more, gathering together as best they could while the tyranids tore into one another.<br/>
<br/>
"Cyrus to Omnis! The Norn-Queen is dead, deploying teleport beacons! Apothecaries, gather the gene-seed while you can!!"<br/>
<br/>
"Gather, Sisters, gather! We have yet more to do!" Canoness Tenenbaum shouted.<br/>
<br/>
"Ebon Claws, to me! The deed is done, but not the fight!" Captain Manin called.<br/>
<br/>
The entire Hive Ship screamed again and again as it was struck by lances and weapons batteries, even as much of the fleet of bio-ships outside began to convulse and calve. By that time, however, the hardened cases which carried the teleporter beacons had been opened, the beacons themselves activated. Less than forty-five seconds passed before the Imperials evacuated out of the giant bio-ship, the dead that could be recovered gathered up and brought with them. Yet, even as they all emerged onto the teleportation platforms of the Astartes vessels, steaming with all the caked gore on them, all three groups could only hand off their dead and prepare for new deployments. For the psykers of the Imperial Navy had dared to watch the Hive Fleet closely, and saw where the new beacons of eldritch alien minds were being rapidly born. They, in turn, informed their Captains, who informed the Admiral, who then informed them all as to their next targets.<br/>
<br/>
"All right," Cyrus reloaded his bolter as he glanced at Manin and Tenenbaum. "We have our targets. There are fifteen newly calving Norn-Queens. Too many for us to hit all at once."<br/>
<br/>
"Then we must split up," Manin nodded.<br/>
<br/>
"Right. If we can kill them before they can reach full maturity in…," he reviewed in his head, "A little less than an hour, we might have a chance."<br/>
<br/>
"Then we must be as swift as the God-Emperor himself," Tenenbaum declared, fists on her hips before she squinted at the two Captains. "May he be with you both," she said after the slightest of pauses.<br/>
<br/>
"And you as well," Cyrus grunted. "Your targets," he passed each of them a data-slate. "See you on the other side."<br/>
<br/>
It was back to the teleportariums after that, the Sisters of Battle not merely murmuring but outright shouting their prayers to the God-Emperor to gird their souls and bodies during their incoming passage through the Warp. Five minutes were given over to rearming and reloading while the dead were set aside. Servitors rushed to scrub the teleportarium platforms clean, the tech-marines worked tirelessly to fine tune the machines for what would soon be demanded of them. Targeting was performed, the auspexes tracked, and once more the ships of the Blood Ravens and Ebon Claws prepared themselves for the plunge into danger-close range to the still currently berserk splinter fleet.<br/>
<br/>
"Destination confirmed. Beginning sequence," the flat voice of the servitors slaved to each teleportarium chamber spoke in unison through the vox. "Initiating in three."<br/>
<br/>
"…and may He protect our immortal souls, so that we may perform His holy work!"<br/>
<br/>
"Two."<br/>
<br/>
"Let the shadows fall, and our enemies with them!"<br/>
<br/>
"One."<br/>
<br/>
"May none find us wanting," Cyrus whispered.<br/>
<br/>
"Initiating. May the God-Emperor watch over you."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div><b>Grinding: 98 vs. 39<br/>
Penetrating Bastion: 83 vs. 90</b><br/>
<br/>
Another brother died as the Blood Ravens finally reached their destination, as guided by the Chief Librarian. Scans and estimations based on what information the tech-priests had been able to carefully analyze of the local noosphere suggested that it was some sort of inner sanctum. In this case, the information had been completely correct. Within the vast hive spire, likely costing tens of thousands of lives, an inner sphere had been carved clean out of the rockcrete and metal. The doors to even reach that place were fit for Imperial Knights, or perhaps daemon-machines of many terrible varieties. And on the other side lay an enormous citadel, sitting upon an artificially crafted plateau shot upwards. Four massive bridges stretched out from the plateau to connect to the rest of the spire, but below lay a boiling morass of what looked like magma but bore far too many unnatural colors. The fumes that rose off of the hidden lake immediately caused multiple radiological alarms to blare to life. The moment the doors were blasted through with careful applications of explosives, Brother Ligern toppled over backwards as a sniper blew his entire head off. It was only the Librarians throwing up a shield of pure force that stopped the rest of the incoming rounds from killing others. Disturbingly, the bolter rounds themselves hung in the air, caught by the blue dome's edges, letting all of the Blood Ravens see them vibrate before they finally detonated.<br/>
<br/>
"Stalker-pattern bolters!" Justinius grunted as they advanced under the dome's protection. "Librarians, to the fore!"<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel could only spare a moment to glance back and realize that there were but a handful of Inquisitorial Stormtroopers left. They had gamely fought on all this way, but the sheer deadliness of Vandis' forces had taken their toll. That number shrank further and further as they rushed across the bridge as more and more weapon installations opened up. It went beyond just snipers. A brace of mounted heavy bolters, lascannons, and plasma cannons began firing next. Once they hit the halfway point, the doors into the citadel slid open to reveal another tide of gene-hounds who fired their heavy weapons and brandished their gargantuan chainswords. They howled as chemical injectors emptied themselves, pumped full of fatal levels of adrenals and painkillers that pushed them that much further directly towards the struggling Blood Ravens. The Librarians, focusing entirely on maintaining the shield which prevented them from being torn apart entirely, could not even spare the focus to defend themselves. That, instead, fell to the rest of their battle brothers to step forward past them.<br/>
<br/>
"For the Emperor!" Gabriel raised <i>Godsplitter</i> high as the gene-hounds closed in.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Here you are, then</b>," Vandis' voiced boomed throughout the entire cavern, "<b>Where Araghast failed, I shall not. Where Mortirex failed, I shall succeed! House Vandis shall rise in the eyes of the Despoiler on a foundation made from your bones, space marines! Come, come and die!"</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>Cyrus reappeared on the teleportarium platform as a barely living lump, gasping and coughing out bloody flecks as his severely punctured lungs failed him. Immediately the apothecaries were on him, forcibly tearing away the melted and shattered mass that had been his armor, able to toss them aside without any specialized tools whatsoever. The Captain's longer hair had been melted short, and there was much muttering by the apothecaries when they saw the exposed spinal cord, both brought about by a nearly fatal blast of bio-plasma by a specialized Lictor bio-form. Around him, the rest of the Blood Ravens that had survived retrieval were being similarly swarmed as well. It was a testament to the sheer physiology of a space marine, and perhaps the unyielding will of the Captain of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, that he remained conscious throughout the process of being taken to the apothecarium. The surgeries to save his life, however, would require a chemically induced slumber despite his protests.<br/>
<br/>
"What do we do now? If the other Norn-Queens reach maturity…," Nero Gracchus, Master of the Apothecarion, murmured to Martellus, the Master of the Forge.<br/>
<br/>
The senior-most tech-marine in the entire Chapter sighed, his hands clenching and unclenching.<br/>
<br/>
"We discussed this with Cyrus when he was named as Force Commander. It has to be me."<br/>
<br/>
The younger Nero looked askance at him.<br/>
<br/>
"What? But-,"<br/>
<br/>
"I am the highest authority in our force who retains longer term experience in combatting the tyranids," Martellus ground out. "I must take the field and continue to lead our teams."<br/>
<br/>
Once again, he would have to personally grapple with the alien menace that had hunted him on Typhon. But this time, he was not crawling out of a crashed thunderhawk with broken armor and a single bolter. This time, there were hundreds of Blood Ravens in the fight. This time, he would be the one hunting them.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>"Thaddeus! No!"<br/>
<br/>
Aramus' scream brought the attentions of Konan, and the apothecary immediately abandoned his current opponent and performed a running slide to reach the side of the dying Blood Raven. All around them, the Black Legion moved in, coming from every single corridor. They were outnumbered more than thirty to one, and even if every one of them was only wielding a standard pattern bolter it could have been enough. But of course they were wielding far more than that. The penitent former Force Commander grit his teeth and continued firing all around him as the Chaos Space Marines continued to press in. Thaddeus, out of the corner of his eye, simply gurgled as he struggled to stand, the holes punched through his body by multiple kraken penetrator rounds so thorough that Aramus could actually see through his front out of his back.<br/>
<br/>
"Nereus!"<br/>
<br/>
The scout clicked his comm bead twice, the affirmative signal that the scout's mission was done.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>Retribution</i>, teleport us out, now!"<br/>
<br/>
"DIE, LOYALIST SCUM!"<br/>
<br/>
In the split second before they were all torn back through the warp to the strike cruiser, Aramus could only manage two words before he was gone.<br/>
<br/>
"You first!"<br/>
<br/>
In their wake, the explosives detonated, tearing through the main plasma reactor of the ship. Bereft of such things, its void shields failed as the generators were left with no power to marshal, the guns largely fell silent, and the engines stuttered out. Even as Thaddeus was being rushed to the apothecarium of the <i>Retribution</i>, the rest of the rallying Imperial fleet tore the battleship apart with concentrated fire. There was no time to rest, to mourn, for the fighting down on Xersia proper had only intensified as the forces of Chaos grew incensed at the loss of their ships. What would have broken the morale of an Imperial force as their orbital protections were lost had instead only inflamed the zealous hatreds of the servants of the Dark Gods.<br/>
<br/>
"I can save him, but he is out of the fight," Kogal barked at Aramus as he began removing Thaddeus' armor. "Now go! Get back down there! I will join you as soon as I can!"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================<br/>​</div><b>Grinding In Place: 66 vs. 34<br/>
Breaching Citadel: 24 vs. 20</b><br/>
<br/>
The entrance to the citadel was a gore-strewn ruin by the time that Gabriel Angelos smashed its doors down with his daemonhammer, aided by the power fists of the terminators of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. Behind them lay a great many dead gene-hounds, and the remainder of the Inquisitorial Stormtroopers. Perhaps the servants of the Inquisition might have lived, perhaps not, but either way it seemed that it would come down solely to the Blood Ravens. Blood filled the lungs of one marine after a stalker bolter had managed to crack directly through his breastplate, but still he moved and fought on. Another marine had effectively lost an arm, the limb mangled by grenades but remained attached solely because of the armor's seals rather than the pulverized meat and bone within. Gabriel's hastily repaired bionics and armor were weathered in the extreme, to the point that his movements and ability to react was swiftly approaching purely normal human standards, a vast drop from the capabilities meant for a true space marine. There was not a single standing Blood Raven who had not taken painful wounds. Some could likely end up crippled, even if they lived, save for the usage of bionics.<br/>
<br/>
In return, the emplacements had been smashed apart with carefully aimed missiles and thrown grenades. The defenders manning the walls had been slain from afar as the Blood Ravens picked and chose their shots while moving or were more simply mowed down by the assault cannons and heavy bolters that the Blood Ravens possessed. The Librarians, from Lexicanum to the Chief Librarian, had been forced to wholly focus their combined psychic might on the shield that let the space marines advance in the first place. Twenty-seven psykers, all to produce a mobile shield capable of withstanding the sheer amount of firepower being leveled in their direction. And even then, it had not been entirely enough, as the continually charging gene-hounds had forced their way past more than once before they had stopped coming.<br/>
<br/>
On the other side of the door, however, lay something far worse than what they had faced.<br/>
<br/>
No sooner had the breach been made than were the Blood Ravens charged by dozens more gene-hounds, these frothing and spitting blood as their chemical injectors outright emptied themselves. Some of them collapsed to the ground as their organs failed and nervous systems short circuited, but far more simply charged forwards as their muscles split open from rapid induced growth without any sense of pain whatsoever. Behind them were dozens more elite Stormtroopers, all of them wielding plasma guns and bolters. But neither of those two groups grabbed nearly as much attention as the black-armored Chaos Space Marines who began firing as well with their own heavy weapons. Blood spurted from Brother Idmon's nose as he strengthened his portion of the shield to deal with an overcharged lascannon blast which could have sheared through a dreadnought entirely. The fallen brothers of the Black Legion did not cease their assault, even as the momentarily shocked Blood Ravens began returning fire as best they could.<br/>
<br/>
<b>"Do you see, Blood Ravens? The power I wield, what a thousand years of sacrifices can gain you? Your deaths shall purchase me that much more!"</b><br/>
<br/>
Gabriel focused on none of that, however, as he instead listened to the intensely weak vox signal, nearly lost within the cavernous confines of the massive hive spire. One that bounced, skipped, and faded in and out terribly on a regular basis. Yet, it was that same regular nature which was signal enough, when words would too easily be lost. He paused, waited, and then narrowed his gaze and palmed one more teleporter repeater beacon and activated it. For the signal to the Blood Raven fleet had been lost, repeatedly, whenever the void shields of the spire had sprung back into place as its punished plasma reactors regenerated it after sustained fire. By now, the ships had worked to keep themselves safe rather than sustain any concentrated barrage of fire from the planet below, but that did not mean that they did not regularly pass close enough for the more vital causes possible.<br/>
<br/>
Such as ensuring there was a method to deliver those of the Blood Ravens who would quite simply be too slow to keep up with their group as they descended as swiftly as possible through the depths of the hive.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>Aramus wetly gasped for air through his one functioning lung as he struggled to his knees. Of <i>Sunderhammer</i>, that which had been his long companion throughout his Penitent Crusade, there was nothing left save for a child's handful of fragments. His armor was in little better shape, the crumbling shards and plates falling from his frame into the mud to reveal his broken body. Half-blind as he was now from his left orbital cracking and spilling blood, he could still see through his right eye as his blood curdled and rotted where it hit the tainted ground. His left eardrum had burst, the right was only slightly better. Then again, even the mostly deaf could hear the booming laughter of a Great Unclean One as it rejoiced in the death and rotting of the many dead, traitor and loyalist alike. Or as it addressed him directly.<br/>
<br/>
<b>"And there…you…are, little Blood Raven. Ahahahah! Ulkair's rage for you smolders like a thousand dying stars for your strikes at him on Aurelia,</b>" it guffawed again, but there was a deadly fury of its own that undercut the joviality.<br/>
<br/>
There was no witty response, as Aramus had to focus everything he had to even stagger upright, his left leg limp and twisted nearly half off of his body. In turn, the near spherical greater daemon laughed again at his weakness and pain, dragging the edge of its vast and heavy blade which had nearly killed him along the ground. As it did so, the fissures it left in the earth widened, releasing smaller nurglings in giggling packs as well as droning formations of plaguebearers. Around him, the rest of Xersia's defenders fought on. Three Ordo Majoris of the Adeptas Sororitas were represented here, and it showed in the sheer volume of melta and heavy flamer fire they directed towards the Black Legion and its daemonic allies.<br/>
<br/>
<b>"Perhaps once we are done here, I shall drag you back to Aurelia and use your body as a catalyst for his return,</b>" it mused, absentmindedly throwing up a hand throw a cloud of thick daemonic mucus which protected them both from an artillery bombardment. "<b>He would probably enjoy that, using your corpse as a puppet. Then again, to be struck down so many times by one mewling Chapter, would he even <i>deserve</i> it?" </b>It tapped one tree-thick finger against the exposed bone of its chin.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>You will not have the chance to do so</b>," a growl boomed from speakers, making the Great Unclean One glance back down, its grin widening enough to split its cheeks.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Oh ho! A half-life…interesting</b>!" It laughed as the entombed librarian stomped forward, the dreadnought's frame creaking as it pushed through the mud.<br/>
<br/>
Konan Barbarial flexed his assault claw before with incredible gentleness he nudged Aramus backwards past him. His assault cannon spun up, and psychic light began to glimmer all across the dreadnought's frame.<br/>
<br/>
"K-," Aramus made to speak before his wracked body spasmed hard enough to drive some of his broken bones into his working lung.<br/>
<br/>
He coughed and nearly fell with the force of it.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>And what do you think you shall do, little half-life? Do you truly think your meager gifts could possibly defeat me?"</b> The Great Unclean One's laugh was sharp enough to cause many of those nearby to start bleeding from the ears.<br/>
<br/>
The Librarian's response was to fire his assault cannon directly at the greater daemon's face, the explosive rounds rippling across its eyes and nose, gaining a roar of irritation from the servant of Nurgle.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================<br/>​</div><b>Grinding: 42 vs. 61 vs. 99<br/>
Within Citadel 1: 84 vs. 1</b><br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens were exhausted, wounded, and running low on ammo. They had no more allies to call upon, and more than a few Lexicanum had been forced to give up using any psychic powers whatsoever as they came far too close to the edge. They had been reduced, if such a thing could be rightly said, to mere space marines, utilizing all of the traditional skills of their battle brothers. Even the mighty girding strength of the terminators had begun to slip, their venerable armors pockmarked and scorched. Their Chapter Master's bionics and armor were openly in need of the direst of repairs. Blood ran from the eyes, the nose, the ears, and in the cases of Epistolary Idmon even the fingernails as the Librarians exercised their abilities as best as they could. In return, they were outnumbered not solely by the marines of the Black Legion, but by the gene-hounds and the Stormtroopers of New Meridian. Enough firepower to assail an entire fully numbered company of space marines was levied upon them, and in most circumstances, it would have – should have – been enough. Almost any tactical cogitator would return the such a result if inputted with almost all the relevant information.<br/>
<br/>
Save, however, for the dreadnoughts.<br/>
<br/>
Tomb-Captain Davian Thule. Brother Nathan. Brother Cordas. They had fought many times already in a staggeringly short amount of time throughout the swift campaign. None had allowed themselves to be put into slumber throughout the fighting, whether or not they were involved, for the threat posed by the enemy was judged to be worth such things. Here, now, in a moment when the spire's void shields fell once again from long range curving fire that its anti-orbital weaponry could not retaliate against, when the vox signal bloomed to life, the teleportation beacon had been triggered. In a flash of unnatural lightning and a trio of simultaneous cracks of thunder, the dreadnoughts had arrived. Delivered just as they had been on a now crashed station on a now shattered planet by a single Codicier who had flickered into reality behind the enemy surrounding the rest of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
And, just as over Opus Maxima, three pairs of twin-linked multi-meltas hooked to dreadnought reactors tore into the rear of the enemy formation directly into the Black Legion who had utilized the gene-hounds and other Vandis troops as a shield of flesh and carapace armor. At incredibly short range, veterans of the Long War ceased to exist as they were vaporized in chunks or outright by the dreadnoughts. As they turned, the fire upon the rest of the Blood Ravens slackened, and so a wearied hammer struck an anvil with three heads with their enemy caught in the middle. In less than sixty seconds, the courtyard was clear of all enemies. The subsequent time after that until more arrived as less than half that, but as the defenders emerged from their inner tunnels and passages, they were brought down by concentrated bursts of multi-meltas, which rapidly melted many of those same passages into being sealed entirely.<br/>
<br/>
Soon enough, only one remained, the doors into the inner citadel itself, which an incredibly wide ramp led up to. Orders were unneeded, and indeed, the Blood Ravens advanced as one onwards and upwards, even as the enemy rapidly redirected its defenders. Soon, more gene-hounds were pouring out of the inner citadel, bracketed by Vandis troops and a handful more Chaos Space Marines. Even as they arrived, however, they began to be hacked apart from within, shouts and yells cutting off abruptly as Codicier Aeneas appeared and disappeared amongst them. The <i>Blade of the Martyr</i> sang out as it began the harvest, the Codicier no longer needing to remain back with his brother librarians to maintain the shield. As they advanced, turrets rose up from previously smooth stone and metal, twin-linked heavy bolters, lascannons, and heavy flamers firing before the Blood Ravens shot them to pieces.<br/>
<br/>
"Wait," Justinius raised a hand as they reached the doors itself, his expression grave. "I sense much power within."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel frowned with a raised eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
"Can you match it?"<br/>
<br/>
"Alone? Perhaps, perhaps not," Justinius said humbly before a grim smile crossed his lips. "But then, I am not alone."<br/>
<br/>
"Very well," Gabriel nodded before rearing back and slamming <i>Godsplitter</i> against the doors. "VANDIS! YOUR TIME HAS COME!"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>It was going to take the servitors and tech-marines months of manufacture to match the amount of ammo being expended in this one engagement. But, for Martellus, that was something perfectly worth it. The servitors had done their jobs well, emotionless and uncaring of the fleshy battlefield that quite literally surrounded them on all sides, and as such each and every one of the Tarantulas had been delivered precisely where he had desired them. There was now a killing field in every direction, precise and blessedly plentiful machines targeting every single tyranid that got within their target zones with overlapping fields of fire. The very ground swelled and bucked, the hive ship literally twisting its innards about, bio-mass being reconstituted in the pools that filled its belly to form out new tyranids, but it wasn't going to be fast enough. Not this time.<br/>
<br/>
"NOT THIS TIME, YOU HEAR ME?!" Martellus boomed. "Sing, children of the Omnissiah! By bolt and fury, by oil and flame, sing out the Litany of Steel's Superiority!"<br/>
<br/>
He turned atop the pile of dead xenos and hefted his plasma cannon as the newly birthed Norn-Queen, already beginning to try and spin out larger neural cables to birth the larger tyranid bio-forms screeched in fury. It was drenched in what had to be several metric tons of amniotic fluid from its forced rapid calving, and it was that which would be their saving grace. The longer it lived, the more it fully awakened its psychic strength as secondary and tertiary nodules of psychic organs activated. The astropaths of the Imperial Navy were frantic as the final hour rushed towards its bloody conclusion, their warnings by now reduced to constant terrified screams.<br/>
<br/>
"Forward, Blood Ravens! Forward! May none find us wanting!"<br/>
<br/>
The ball of plasma that flew forth entered one of the alien beast's many large eyes, erupting in a fountain of gore and softer tissues, but it was most certainly not yet dead.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================<br/>​</div><b>Three Front Fight: 32 vs. 85 vs. 48<br/>
Inner Citadel: 17 vs. 5</b><br/>
<br/>
There were no more mortal defenders, no mere troopers bred in corrupt darkness under a heretic House's vanity. All that were left to face the Blood Ravens were yet more gene-hounds, many of them still wet and dripping from being decanted from their growth vats early, yet more Chaos Space Marines, and the daemons. The inner chambers of what had once been a richly furnished sanctum had become a massive abattoir, mass-sacrifice used to propel the summoning and bindings of the warp spawn. And though the majority of the Blood Ravens could not see it, there was a vast amount of sorcerous defenses as well. It fell to the Librarians alone to try and counter them, the most obvious and blunt usages of sorcery being only some of these. So while shields were produced to protect against runic arrays that let loose with torrential columns of pure warp fire, or acids that had no basis in chemical reality, others struggled to hold back an absolute tide of assaults upon the mind and soul that were otherwise unseen.<br/>
<br/>
Corrosive memetic noises captured from the not-throats of Daemonettes of Slaanesh or droning Plaguebearers of Nurgle required barriers of selective deftness. Spikes of deadly rage, crystallized blood of Khornate daemons transformed into noxious gas releases to over-amplify the natural righteous fury of any living being and corrupt them from within the very brain itself had to be swept away. Patterns of light and shadow created in bursts from hidden sorcerous traps hidden in the lights above, in the floor panels, and on the walls beneath the sconces lit with tainted fire, these were even worse. Locked into those patterns of irregularly blinding flashes were things that were meant to drive an unprotected mind mad, imagery and whispers emerging as the brain unthinkingly processed them, the eyes passing along poisonous data that could very well melt the organs within the skull entirely. With no Librarians at all, it was entirely possible that the remaining Blood Ravens would simply have fallen where they fought, alive from one moment, their brains leaking out of every orifice in their head the next.<br/>
<br/>
The loyal servants of the Emperor fought within a shifting, moving, unnaturally near-living nightmare.<br/>
<br/>
Vandis spoke, but his words were lost amongst the cacophony of battle and the madness that he had unleashed through his prepared defenses. <i>Godsplitter</i> flashed and boomed where it struck, each blow from the daemonhammer ending with the dissolution of one or more of its preferred enemies. Bolters fired again and again, and amongst it all, perhaps most dangerously of all, Codicier Aeneas dared to flicker in and out of the Immaterium as he brought death through the <i>Blade of the Martyr</i>. Here, in a place so heavily drenched in the Warp, it was impossible to miss how every time he re-emerged to hack down one more Chaos Space Marine or gene-hound that there were marks of claws, fangs, and other things upon his armor from the other side. In one strange instance, he emerged from the Warp and slew a two thousand year old traitor marine with his left pauldron showing what looked like damage from a barbed suction cup from some vast tentacled being.<br/>
<br/>
Brother Dand lost an eye as a gene-hound hacked a large portion of his face and skull away with a chainsword that had been surgically attached and then welded securely to the abominations forearm. In response, Dand hacked the gene-hounds entire arm off with his combat knife even while he pushed his bolter's barrel into its eyes and fired to blow its entire head apart. Brother Zeno had to be helped to stand as his left foot was swallowed up by a pit of unthinking teeth made up of churned together warp-spawn. The wounded marine was forced to continue forward on a stump, his physiology rapidly clotting and closing off the wound, the jagged edges of his ceramite scraping and screeching along the stone floor. Brother Tioch was forced to reload his bolter one-handed, his other hand busy holding his innards in after a pair of bound Bloodletters had nearly cut him in half, the weapons of the Blood God leaving wounds behind that seemed incapable of clotting and closing off properly. But they, and all the others, fought on nonetheless. It was the dreadnoughts who preserved them from further deaths, their bulks and linked multi-meltas proving enough to tip the scales in the physical realm as the Librarians continued to struggle. Elaborate carving and sculpting work likely performed over centuries were smashed apart as they shoved their way through, Tomb-Captain Thule holding the rear against the many enemies that attempted to surround them and the other two entombed Blood Ravens directly at the fore.<br/>
<br/>
Vandis had surrounded himself, to the last, with defenders that were utterly fanatical and fearless either from chemical enhancement, genuine insanity, or pure devotion to the Dark Gods. They fought with everything they had, there was no other choice. In those moments, as the toxic and altered blood of the gene-hounds splashed and sizzled onto the armor of all around, eating into exposed flesh, as the gore torn from the bodies of the Chaos Space Marines and all their mutated and tainted biology coated the living and dead alike, as the daemons cackled and cavorted and the floors, walls, and ceilings seemed to bend and writhe and hallucinations became near impossible to tell from reality, it was difficult indeed to tell just who was who at all. By the time that they finally reached a secondary line of defenses, howling bound psykers with the sigils of Chaos branding their exposed skulls that forced the Librarians to allow their brethren to suffer from all they had protected them from momentarily as they dealt with their own twisted kind, the proud red paint and sigils of even the dreadnoughts had become covered in such offal and thick layers of splatter that they looked as dripping black hulks of growling, snarling metal.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel's bionic lungs were being run ragged, which ordinarily shouldn't have been possible, they were highly advanced and meant to be even more capable than the organs that they had been made to replace after he had been smashed flat under Kyras' fists. Then again, one of them had been badly damaged, nearly destroyed outright, as a champion of the Black Legion had managed to pierce his chest with a power sword, the blade erupting out of the back of his terminator armor before Gabriel could bring <i>Godsplitter</i> down on their head and torso. The heretic died, and he lived, but it was definitely a near thing. His body, so much of it metal, and so much of that metal pushed past its limits, was simply not capable of matching threats he ordinarily should have been at least somewhat better able to contest. At the very least, the power sword hadn't actually hit one of his two hearts as it sheared its way through him.<br/>
<br/>
The final doors were a masterwork of adamantium, absolutely covered in sigils of Chaos, a web of defenses beyond the pale layered upon it. The turrets that sprouted from seemingly every available surface had wielded a frankly improbably amount of armament, ordinarily enough to cut down an entire army. The bodies of the slain lay where they had fallen, having fallen back into quintupled ranks as the steps ascended to the innermost ritual chamber lay. As each rank had fallen to the Blood Ravens, their deaths had fed the summoning of yet more daemons to face them, forcing yet another pause as they fought and pushed forward. But the doors themselves proved near inviolable, despite attempts from all three of the dreadnoughts firing as one. It fell, thusly, to the Librarians, and the Librarians alone.<br/>
<br/>
"We shall break this last gate, you have my word, Gabriel. In the meantime, however…," Justinius declared before glancing back out into the wrecked ruin that they had left behind them.<br/>
<br/>
Already, they could all hear the howls of the gene-hounds, the shouted orders of mortal troopers, and the snarls of warp spawn.<br/>
<br/>
"See to it, Justinius," Gabriel clapped a hand onto his friend and brother marine's pauldron before turning about. "Blood Ravens! We hold this ground! Pile these worthless traitors for our barricades, and let us bring death to the enemy!" He raised <i>Godsplitter </i>high. "MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>Konan Barbarial had volunteered to go with Aramus. He had not needed to. The Epistolary had fought in the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Aurelian Crusade, and in the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span>, but not at the side of the Force Commander. Rather, he had been attached to the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company forces, protecting the initiates they had left to them on their Recruiting Worlds in both of the Crusades. The fact that a number had been stolen away into the Warp, however, had burned at him, and thus he had joined for his own self-imposed penitence. They had served for not too long, by comparison, in the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade alongside Aramus and all the others. But scarcely a year before the by now famous battle upon a single small hill, he had been laid low by a quartet of daemons. His body had been ruined, but his mind and all the power of his soul remained. Even as a dreadnought, he had been quietly humorous, stoic in battle, and a comforting presence for the thimble's worth of his brethren left alive. By all rights, he was one of the more powerful Librarians in recent centuries in the records of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
His death was magnificent.<br/>
<br/>
The Great Unclean One, whose name the daemon had boastfully announced as Pestilax to the defenders of Xersia, was bleeding wounds that would not regenerate and heal. Aramus had watched as every blow of <i>Sunderhammer</i> had barely seemed to do any damage. Bolters, flamers, meltas, and more had been levied against the greater daemon, and yet as he'd known and expected it hadn't been nearly enough for the short amount of time that they had fought the monster. But the psychic flames of Konan burned and burned brightly. Huge swathes of Pestilax were aflame, by this point, scorching his putrid green and grey flesh and muscles black down to the bone. Even the gargantuan blade had been chipped, the top fourth of it broken off by a lucky blow. The false joviality was gone, the split grin now a rictus thing of forcibly held shape rather than anything genuine. Indeed, such was the daemons fury that it cast the blade aside, planting it into the ground to begin poisoning everything around them and bring forth an unending tide of daemons of Nurgle to spill out onto Xersia's surface. Instead, it had reached forward, ignoring an assault cannon firing directly into it, and grasped Konan Barbariel's dreadnought sarcophagus to haul him off the ground entirely. Thick, sturdy legs of metal were torn off first. Then the damned assault claw which had struck and broken part of his blade. Finally, squeezing, Pestilax drew the half-dead Librarian close, the crunching and tortured screech of metal announcing the death of the assault cannon.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>You have ceased to amuse, little broken thing</b>!" Pestilax roared at the dreadnought, the bloated gasses which blew forth from his mouth heavily eating into the metal and rusting off the entire outer layer of the dreadnought in one go. "<b>Your soul shall rot for eternity in my gullet!</b>"<br/>
<br/>
Such was the declaration of Pestilax the Despairing, who had ravaged billions with plague and sword alike, who had cut down Bloodthirsters of Khorne, whose putrefying works had defied and ruined the works of Keepers of Secrets of Slaanesh, who had torn the wings from more than one Changer of Ways. This, Xersia, was to be his greatest triumph yet as he took one of the greatest bastions of faith in the Anathema left in the Cadian Sector. Billions of faithful, defended by millions of zealots, were to be turned to mulch and worse for Nurgle's Garden. Thus, would Pestilax ascend to the Exalted Court of his kind at last, as he had always been sure he deserved. It was an announcement that carried the threat for what felt like more than a mile around, to cause and generate that much more despair as one last champion of the Anathema failed at defeating him. Already the pall of grief and pain and horror was spreading, even into the adamant hearts of the Sisters of Battle as they were forced to behold one of their greatest of enemies openly triumphant. It was victory, as assured and eternal as Nurgle Himself. Weapons fire slacked off, as that supernatural despair spread, the ripples generating and feeding upon each other to spread faster and further, to the point that even those who were nowhere near the battle felt uncertainty trickle in.<br/>
<br/>
What could one say to such a thing? Such a threat, and such obvious power? A great many things, depending on the individual, but Konan Barbariel, Epistolary, Entombed Brother-Marine of the Blood Ravens Chapter of the Adeptus Astartes elected to say but one word. It was not a shout, a booming bellow, a rumbling blast of courage and fury.<br/>
<br/>
But rather a single, utterly calm word.<br/>
<br/>
"No."<br/>
<br/>
And Konan Barbariel exploded into psychic fire colored the purest black. Though other wounds had been dealt before, and many during this battle, that fire brought the greatest continual bellowing scream from Pestilax since he had first manifested onto Xersia. The greater daemon of Nurgle stumbled back, arms flailing as his face and upper body were covered in it all. The sphere of black fire then expanded and shifted. Daemons, Death Guard, Sisters of Battle, Imperial Guard, it did not matter. Those who could see, stopped as that final act played itself out. From the sphere, no, the egg, emerged a pitch-black corvid which spread its wings wide, blurred at the finer details but somehow unmistakable through the haze of heat and impossible fire. At its very center lay a massive red core, within which the last of the dreadnought shell was burnt, vaporized by the intense heat until that too was gone. There was only the faintest impression of a body left behind, and then that too dissipated as the raven of black fire swept forward and flung its wings forward to completely cover the entire body of Pestilax. The greater daemon was completely engulfed, and the noise that screeched across the entire battlefield was one of true pain that escalated in volume and length seemingly constantly before cutting off as the black fire finally began to somehow burn at itself. The red core slowly faded as more and more of it burned away as the black fire burned all the hotter before it was finally gone all together and the raven dissolved into a covering blanket of fire.<br/>
<br/>
Which, finally, exploded.<br/>
<br/>
There had been no smoke, for the fire had been too hot for such things. As such, it was for all to see, to witness, that of Pestilax, there was no longer any sign at all. All that was left were the impressions in the blackened yet cleansed dirt where once there had been a clear extension of Nurgle's Garden. Even his sword was gone, for all that the fire had not even touched at it. A great many daemons remained, of course, but great numbers of them were dissipating entirely. All across the battlefield, the servants of Nurgle faltered, for where they had once been empowered by the arrival, now they were that much more drained and fearful for the forced departure. For the servants of the Emperor, there were cheers and shouts, and screams and snarls, as the unnatural despair and uncertainty that had nearly spelled their doom was banished. That mental space was now filled by an all-encompassing fury.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus stood, barely alive but still on his feet, staring at the assault claw and arm which was all that remained, his weary body finally managing to clot his wounds enough that he would not necessarily die from blood loss. And yet, it was not all that remained, he saw. There, somehow, laying on the ground in front of him, lay large talisman that he managed to convince his shattered left hand to close in a death grip over. It There was a steady warmth there, comforting, somehow, despite how it should have been destroyed along with its wielder. Yet it had not. And here he still stood. Slowly, painfully, he reached for and found his combat knife on his belt, as a few of the more fanatical heretic troops crept closer, horror and confusion turning to zealous anger as they beheld a foe who they could take it out on. Others, having seen the end, saw the claw and grew that much angrier, and headed for it instead. To do what, Aramus didn't know. He didn't care, either. Over two thirds of the bones in his body were broken, and he absolutely had less than half the amount of blood in his body that he should. His armor was a shattered wreck, and less than slivers were left of <i>Sunderhammer</i>. He had one eye he could see through, and one lung breath through. His combat knife remained sharp as ever, however.<br/>
<br/>
It was going to have to be enough.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================================<br/>​</div><b>Pulling Back: 86 vs. 38 vs. 18<br/>
Final Gate: 100 vs. 44</b><br/>
<br/>
They were, to a man, wounded. Some lightly, some extensively. They were beginning to run low on ammo. On grenades. On missiles. Every single one of the Librarians had been called to work upon breaking the wards upon the door. This left every other marine vulnerable to the many defenses still left in the citadel, dizzying and strange things meant to befuddle and outright break the mind and poison the body and soul. Many were forced to steadfastly ignore the pained screams and pleadings of dead brothers now passed on. Others had to work to not twitch and fire into hallucinations of enemies alive and dead and thus waste what ammo they had. The dreadnoughts were less affected, but not entirely immune either. By now, all three were constantly rambling to the ghosts. It was Gabriel alone, however, who stood steadfast. None of the Blood Ravens had been tested in their lives in the exact same way, though there were many commonalities. By the end of the Civil War, all had stained their hands in the blood of those they had once called brothers.<br/>
<br/>
None, save Gabriel, however, had watched as Cyrene burned. Had been responsible for reporting the planet's corruption to the Inquisition. Typhon was the machinations of Kyras, and Calderis and Meridian would have suffered the same were it not for the Blood Ravens, but Cyrene was his burden alone to carry. Here, now, targeted by the defenses of Vandis, he listened to the screams of billions of souls.<br/>
<br/>
But, of course, none of them had time for serious contemplation of such things, for they were being attacked. What had to be the last of the gene-hounds were charging now, the cultist troops were trying to push through the three hallways that lead directly to the innermost sanctum. There were no more Chaos Space Marines left, or at least none that were willing to defend Vandis to this extent, but there were plenty of daemons to fill the space. Though their armor became ever more pockmarked and scraped and blasted, the Blood Ravens refused to falter. Each salvo became that much more precise, for not a single shot could be wasted. Those that reached the front lines had to contend with Gabriel and the other marines who bore chainswords and combat knives. There had, previously, been no open cover whatsoever as the Blood Ravens had made their approach. The better for the turrets to target them, of course. Now, however, the piles of dead gene-hounds and Chaos Space Marines had been dragged about, thick masses of muscle and bone pushed together with black-painted ceramite, and it was behind these that the Blood Ravens could duck behind.<br/>
<br/>
"Justinius! How much longer!" Gabriel called behind him.<br/>
<br/>
"It is done!"<br/>
<br/>
The speed of it made the Chapter Master whirl, an eyebrow cocked high despite everything else going on. The Chief Librarian sneered as he waved a hand, the final gesture in ten minutes worth of work. All at once, the accursed sigils dimmed and outright melted off the door. There was a series of pops and screeches as the daemons bound into the very door itself were torn asunder by the cleansing work. A shockwave of force and unintelligible sound burst forth and sent many of the enemy on their backs, the Blood Ravens mostly remaining upright by way of bracing themselves upon the dead chaos space marines and gene-hounds. In that time, the dreadnoughts saw fit to cleanse the hallways entirely with their multi-meltas. The doors did not last that much longer as they were smashed open.<br/>
<br/>
"Vandis!" Gabriel roared as the Blood Ravens staggered into the room.<br/>
<br/>
On the other side, in a wide circled chamber upon a slightly raised dais in front of a large altar, stood Vandis. The last recorded pict-images of Vandis had been of a somewhat portly man with a large mustache and beard who seemed to favor the velvet and gold colors of Meridian's upper spire inhabitants. What stood before them now was a monster. The nobility of the human form had been stripped away entirely; every inch of his skin had been transformed into craggy blue-purple scales. A third arm sprouted from just under his left arm, but was insectoid and thin, terminating in a long slicing blade of bone. His facial hair had all been transformed into writhing lengths of tentacles that twitched this way and that where they lay. His spine had clearly grown, as with the rest of him, to the point that he was lopsided now, each of his upper vertebrae sprouting spike growths which punctured through his gristle and scales to touch open air over what should have been his right shoulder. A trio of horns sprouted from his forehead, each of them wide and emblazoned with burning blue sigils of Tzeentch. Below them, however, lay seven more eyes, bringing the heretic to a total of nine. The heretic was swollen with power, a crackling nimbus of fire and lightning surrounding him, with a large ring made of a mobius strip of gnashing teeth haloing the back of his head. When he grinned, it was with knife-length teeth that should not have fit inside a closed mouth.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Blood Ravens. Look at you all. So weak. So pitiful. Congratulations</b>," Vandis clapped with a dry chuckle. "<b>You have chosen a most auspicious place to die when you should have done so before now.</b>"<br/>
<br/>
"Coward. This could have been over with long ago, if you had ever the courage to face us rather than try and drown us with your followers," Gabriel hissed out. "But such is the weakness of traitors and heretics."<br/>
<br/>
Vandis chuckled, the very air curdling around the noise.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Weakness? No, fool. It is the whims of the strong to use the weak as they wish. And look at you</b>," he splayed out all three arms. "<b>You think you have truly harmed my forces? I have <i>billions</i> of slaves, of souls, to feed the fire of industry and regain the favor of the Dark Gods. All you have done will amount to nothing in the years to come, a mere footnote on my rise to power</b>."<br/>
<br/>
"No, Vandis," Gabriel growled. "Today is the day that House Vandis falls. Forever."<br/>
<br/>
The former governor sneered, the lips of the left half of his face splitting open with the size of it until reaching a hole where the ear should have been.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>I knew you would not simply lay down and die, but…truly? Look at yourselves</b>," Vandis laughed as he looked at them. "<b>Your armor is as black as Abbadon's Legion now with the blood and rot of the fallen. You are bloodied and broken. I can <i>feel</i> the weakness of your paltry psykers, after so long</b>. <b>Do you truly think you can face me and win? The God of Fate Himself is my patron, yours is but a silent corpse on a flickering, <i>dying</i> throne!</b>"<br/>
<br/>
For a moment, Gabriel considered, taking stock of his troops. His battle brothers. Himself. The plans they had made, had theorized, up until this very moment.<br/>
<br/>
"Patron or not, we will find victory this day," he nodded as the vox crackled and cleared. "Justinius!"<br/>
<br/>
"Yes," the Chief Librarian spat and summoned forth all of his power. The rest of the Librarians did the same, and soon enough a thick bubble of sheer psychic might surrounded them all.<br/>
<br/>
It was completely blinding, though Vandis laughed at the sight of it.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Is that it? Truly? That is the measure of your strength? Hah! If I'd known you were so weak, I would have sent the rest of the gene-hounds and simply had you cut down sooner</b>!"<br/>
<br/>
"Aeneas," Justinius whispered solely through his mind into that of another with the faintest of touches.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel did not see it, but he heard it when Vandis' laughter cut off into choked surprise. The light, casting itself through the Materium and Immaterium both, was allowed to fade. There, standing only a few steps down the dais than he had begun, stood Vandis. Hurtling through the air, his entire chest caved in after what looked to have been a casual backhand, was Codicier Aeneas, the Librarian landing in a crumpled heap at Gabriel's feet. Immediately, Apothecary Medici was at his side. But more importantly was what was stuck into Vandis' chest. It was not the holy <i>Blade of the Martyr</i>. But rather it was a black and white icon, pressed deeply into the heretic's chest. Vandis raised an eyebrow, his tentacles twitching towards it. It had barely drawn any blood at all, and what did drip down to the floor sizzled and ate through the stone. Again, Vandis sneered.<br/>
<br/>
"<b>Was that…it</b>?" He guffawed outright, his chest expanding and contracting beyond the limits that it should have as he did so. "<b>This is your grand attempt? What is this</b>?" He held it closer to his nine eyes, the tentacles having wrenched it upwards and out of him. "<b>Oh ho! A symbol of the Inquisition? A prospective little slave to the next wretch who bumbles past as part of the Corpse-Emperor's most <i>holy</i> Inquisition</b>?" He rolled all nine of his eyes as he glared down at the fallen Aeneas, the Codicier having already slipped into suspended animation.<br/>
<br/>
"No, Vandis," Gabriel answered for the unconscious Librarian. "It is not."<br/>
<br/>
The heretic narrowed his eyes, his head tilting to the side.<br/>
<br/>
"The Blood Ravens, even as we are, could defeat you, make no mistake," the Chapter Master continued before the smallest of smiles quirked his lips. "But you do not deserve the honor of truly facing us in battle."<br/>
<br/>
Vandis had enough time to open his mouth before the advanced teleport beacon hidden inside the Rosetta activated. For it was known that it was not the true symbol of authority, for even unconscious that remained solely at Inquisitor Adrastia's side. This, however, was something else altogether. Once, it had been won through much hard work and favors paid by Adepts of the Mechanicus trained on Mars itself. Twice, it had been given over to a Jokaero and given back with its form and ability altered further. Now, it triggered, and within less than a second the transition occurred. But rather than the flash of light and burning smell of caustic ozone that was typical of most teleportations, there was only a sudden deafening silence. Gabriel could not even hear his own bionics, let alone his own breathing. That was the least of the effects, for the entire Librarius, as one, collapsed to their knees or beyond that save for Justinius himself who was forced to lean heavily upon his force staff.<br/>
<br/>
A rising, unfamiliar, near uncontrollable rage filled Gabriel as he beheld what Adrastia's last resort was. It was not the fact that it was a cage, for that was expected. But rather, it was the things surrounding it which seemed to demand his ire regardless of whatever else he thought. At each of the four points of the cage lay strange columns of brass and titanium, hexagrammic wards scrawled across every single inch of them. The bars and body of the cage was equally covered, and yet Gabriel felt something deep in him, something from his very soul, cry out to strike at the columns for reasons he could not fathom. Hazard symbols in High and Low Gothic were writ across each of the columns as well as a confusing number of other languages, carefully placed to not interfere with the hexagrammic works that had painstakingly been put into place. Near silent frothing fury, was visible, but still not audible, on some of the more injured Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
The effect on Vandis was far more immediate, and it was that alone that kept Gabriel from striking the columns – the sarcophagi, some part of his mind tried to correct for some reason. Within the cage, Vandis screamed, his very flesh and scales twisting and seemingly burnt as if he had been engulfed in an invisible fire. His nine eyes bled, wept, multicolored liquids that seemed to somehow phase out of existence the moment they left his person. The nimbus of power that had surrounded him disappeared outright, the mobius strip of teeth gone. It looked, quite simply, like parts of Vandis were dissolving the longer he stood within the cage. His third arm lashed out, trying to cut through the bars, and yet where the mutated limb touched the metal, it ceased to be, severing it into numerous pieces. Again, the blood and chunks seemed to fade out of existence. Vandis shouted, screamed, his mouth opening wide enough to eat a man whole, exposing that his lower jaw actually extended down past his pectorals, and yet there was still no sound whatsoever.<br/>
<br/>
Then, in another stuttered splash of not-color and un-sound, the cage disappeared entirely and its occupant with it.<br/>
<br/>
The last symbol that Gabriel had seen, one surprisingly prominently placed at the precise middle of each of the columns, confused him. He knew the symbols of the Inquisition, but this was not that. Rather, it beheld the Inquisitorial ][, but in its center was a scowling skull, one with an open eye above its original two. In all his years, Gabriel had never seen such a symbol before. But he could not contemplate it long, however, as the sound returned to the room and with it much pained groans from the Librarians as they dragged themselves to their feet. He turned to Justinius, the Chief Librarian wiping his lips from the blood that he had uncontrollably vomited for a moment.<br/>
<br/>
"Justinius, what...-," Gabriel paused as his friend raised one hand, the Chief Librarian taking a few more seconds to recover.<br/>
<br/>
"All right. Ask," Justinus grunted as he reached down to kneel next to Aeneas, placing a hand on the fallen Codicier's pauldron.<br/>
<br/>
"What <i>was</i> that, Justinius? And those symbols-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Something I never thought to see in person, and in fact dearly wished to avoid," the psyker responded dryly before standing up to face him once more. "<i>That</i> was a Quieting Cage, a horrid device of incredible power if levied upon the correct target. I know of only one organization in the entire Imperium which steward them and have the capability of loaning them out," he shuddered while looking back to where Vandis had once stood. "Our records are extensive, even with Kyras damaging it in some portions, but that…," Justinius waggled a finger, "That was one even he did not want to look at long enough to pass into the fire."<br/>
<br/>
"But you know of it regardless," Gabriel stated, leaning some of his weight onto a now upright <i>Godsplitter</i>.<br/>
<br/>
"It is my responsibility as Chief Librarian to know all of what is in our records," Justinius made to shrug before shuddering again. "And yes, I do. It is an invention of a secretive, near invisible society in the Imperium, an organization made up solely of Blanks. They are known, in some circles, as the Sisters of Silence."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel mulled over that information even as more screams and howls went up from elsewhere in the citadel, likely coming to either support their master or avenge him if they learned of his death. He knew of blanks, or nulls, depending on who was speaking. He had not, however, ever had the misfortune to be near to one, or the technology that they might craft or have crafted for them.<br/>
<br/>
"Is that why…," he gestured at himself, then at Justinius.<br/>
<br/>
"Yes. If sufficiently powerful, the Null effect can drive the ensouled to insane fury," Justinius nodded wearily, "As the universe seeks to correct what it considers an error, an 'un-thing' which should not be yet is. To a daemon, or psyker, or anything relating to the Warp…it quells them most effectively. Fatally, in some cases, according to our records – but even then all we have is largely speculation and rumor."<br/>
<br/>
"I see," Gabriel nodded once before glancing over the terribly embattled 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus Varianus raised his head to meet the eyes of his Chapter Master, the Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company clearly willing to continue fighting on. But Gabriel's eyes moved on, to the rest of the remains of 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and across the terrible damage they bore. Even the dreadnoughts were sparking and leaking oil from a few places. It would not be impossible for them to fight their way out, all the way back to the surface, to continue the slaughter.<br/>
<br/>
"I have had enough of this planet, this system," he said instead, thumbing his vox, listening for the crackling to clear up as the void shields fell once more. "This is Gabriel. We are ready for extraction. Lock on to my signal and teleport us out before the void shields raise once more. Send the evacuation signal to the Imperial Guard as well."<br/>
<br/>
A moment, then the light enveloped them all.<br/>
<br/>
And, for the first time in Gabriel's life, he actually appreciated the horrid sensations that it carried with it rather than what he knew could have been instead.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>A bloody faced Colonel Gabriel Derosa pulled the trigger and let his hellgun fire on full auto as they retreated back towards the drop ships. Around him, the rest of the soldiers of Meridian did the same. His wife's Baneblades had been the first in and now were most certainly attempting to be the last out. Eleven barrels of hell let loose on a near constant basis, it wasn't as if they were bereft of targets in any sense. The daemons had backed off by this point, this far from the shrinking warp tear, and there were already reports that the foremost elements had already escaped from the cross-continental hive's limits and were now descending as swiftly as possible into the few securely held tunnels. But there were far more men and women to move, to shift, a mass of humanity that by virtue of its size simply could not move overly swiftly.<br/>
<br/>
"Keep moving, damn it, keep moving!" He threw himself unceremoniously into the dirt to avoid a grenade's explosion, popping up immediately afterwards to shoot the thrower.<br/>
<br/>
The enemy sensed weakness, or at least thought they did, and their pursuit was near relentless at this point. Every time one of the damned gene-hounds showed up, if there wasn't enough concentrated fire on them each could account for at least ten of his guardsmen before it could be brought down. The war machines, corrupted Leman Russes and Sentinel walkers were, in a way, less of a threat. One of the Baneblades could hit them, or other heavy weapons teams could try and take care of them due to how obvious they were as targets. The gene-hounds, on the other hand, could hide amongst the masses of the enemy until they got close enough. Gabriel shouted and pointed, ordered and shot, and ever so slowly gave ground to the enemy as more and more of them evacuated.<br/>
<br/>
"This is Colonel Gabriel Derosa, we could use some support if possible!"<br/>
<br/>
"Stand fast, Colonel," the ever-cool voice of Captain Carlyle answered him. "The <i>Sword</i> shall provide it. Our objective is contained, there is no more reason not to usher this ruined and tainted world onto its final fate."<br/>
<br/>
Shortly after, as if the God-Emperor himself had turned his attention to New Meridian, tightly concentrated and expertly aimed salvos of plasma began to rain down from the heavens all amongst the enemy. The anti-orbital defenses in this area were already destroyed, or had been during the fighting on the part of the Imperial Guard, and as such there quite simply was no defense at all as the Inquisitorial ship brought all its fury to the heretical denizens of the planet. Gabriel watched as whole blocks were vaporized into craters filled with liquidized metal and stone, the living and the dead both obscured by the superheated and then rapidly cooling leavings. Less than ten minutes after that, the Blood Raven strike cruisers added their own firepower. By then, the sheer volume of concentrated orbital fire was rupturing spire levels above and below their retreat, and the enemy simply had no response to it anymore.<br/>
<br/>
It would take another five hours to finally shove everyone onto the ships in standing room as they were rapidly taken up into orbit and allowed to move about, sit down, or outright collapse. First were the most injured, then those more lightly wounded, and third came the dead that could be recovered. Many were not and would have to accept their pyre being joined with that of the heretics. The priests, of course, spoke of them as martyrs, and declared their souls sheathed in their righteous sacrifices towards the God-Emperor's side. Gabriel hoped that was true. It wasn't that the Meridian regiments had not taken casualties since his mother started reforming and reorganizing them, he had made it to Colonel in a hundred different battles, but none so many in a single battle. Perhaps, though, that was the point. One last hateful deed of spite on the part of House Vandis.<br/>
<br/>
In the meantime, however, the ships had not ceased firing, though they understandably reduced their shots in some areas to allow for the evacuation and retreat to proceed apace. Four times, the enemy tried to assail their positions with aircraft, only to be shot out of the sky by the Hydra flak tanks they still had on the field. On the fifth and final time, it was flying daemons, and those were far harder to deal with, but that time the Blood Ravens reappeared on the field, though it was solely their Librarians. For all the praises his mother sang of them, he could not help the revulsion he felt as the mutants levied their abilities against the Heldrakes. On the ground, however, the enemy could not make their way through the constant orbital bombardments.<br/>
<br/>
But, in time, it did end. The last of the tanks was loaded, the last of the troops onboard, and they finally left the accursed mirror world behind them. Whatever dark secrets it might continue to hold, whatever old blasphemies had been done there, it would not matter in the long run on the history of the universe. Gabriel, as did many others, managed to get to a viewing port, or a spot near a channel-wide vox broadcast as the final order was given. He listened to the voice of his namesake, of Gabriel Angelos, announce, once more, the death of a world. And all watched, or listened, or both, as every Imperial ship present concentrated fire on a single point. The enemy had no more defenses, and the warp tear was on the other side of the planet when they began. Before the planet could rotate enough that the many, many anti-orbital cannons left in the hive could once again be able to fire upon any of their ships, the damage was done. The continental plates began to shudder, shake, and finally, shatter. The mantle of the world began to spill out, the entire sphere wobbling and cracking open. It was not a swift death, none of the ships they had brought with them carried true Exterminatus munitions, or if they did, they went unused in this instance. Even without it, however, New Meridian died.<br/>
<br/>
"So it is done," he sighed in satisfaction. "I'm headed to my bunk, if anyone needs me…uh, don't."<br/>
<br/>
"Your bunk, or your wife's?" Captain Beltsworth snarked, getting a burst of laughter from the other officers.<br/>
<br/>
"I'll figure it out when I get there!" He called back with a roll of his eyes.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>"Mortirex escaped," Gabriel sighed as he listened to the unceasing reports from the servitor.<br/>
<br/>
"A foe for another day," Tarkus bowed his head for a moment. "Chapter Master, If I may…?"<br/>
<br/>
"Go," Gabriel waved a hand, "Be with your battle brothers and your company. They have earned their rest, as have you."<br/>
<br/>
"I could say the same to you, Angelos," Tarkus saluted before turning and leaving the strategium and the bridge entirely.<br/>
<br/>
"He is not wrong," Justinius murmured to him.<br/>
<br/>
"No. But I will rest easier once we are back within the gravity reef and leaving this blasted system behind," Gabriel shook his head slowly. "And do not pretend you do not require recuperation yourself, Justinus. You and the rest of the Librarius."<br/>
<br/>
The aura of palpable power that surrounded the Chief Librarian in almost every moment was largely missing. The omnipresent glow behind his eyes had faded, leaving only his pupils as dimly glowing blue circles. Even the psychic crackles which normally surrounded his head or the head of his force staff were gone. All that remained was a wearied, wounded space marine, standing next to his equally wearied, if far more wounded Chapter Master. The two elder marines simply stood, leaning a bit harder on the actuality sphere's projector than normal to remain upright.<br/>
<br/>
"Set course for the gravity reef tunnels."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Hunt for Vandis Concluded:</b><br/>​</div><b>Objectives</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>Main Objective: Capture Or Kill Traitorous Heretic Ex-Governor Vandis [Successful]</b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>Secondary Objective: Destroy Hidden Black Legion Anchorage In Eastern Fringe [Successful]</b>​</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>Tertiary Objective: Kill Chaos Lord Mortirex of the Black Legion [Failure]</b>​</div></li>
</ul><br/>
<b>Relations:</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Admiral Graves, Battlefleet Korianis: Neutral[+] Is Now Good[-]</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><div style="text-align: left"><b>Hidden Relations Connection Found: Inquisitor Adrastia &lt;-&gt; Sisters of Silence</b>​</div></li>
</ul><b>Promotions:</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>5 5th Company Marines Deemed Veterans</b></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>4 Lexicanum Judged Codicier Worthy In Control And Strength</b></li>
</ul><br/>
<b>Further Notations Below, And To Follow In Subsequent Turn Post</b><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury [Minor Damage]<br/>
2 Escorts (1 Gladius, 1 Hunter Destroyer) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed, Shield Arrays At 15%, Extreme Hull Damage] <b>DANGER: Litany of Fury will require significant attentions at a Mechanicus Shipyard for repairs. Any notable damage may disable ship in permanency. </b><br/>
SC Rage of Erudition [Minor Damage]<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist [Minor Damage]<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces Capable of Combat:</u><br/>
9 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+11 Codiciers, 6 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
10 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 2 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 25%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Apothecaries/Tech-Priests Working On Below</u><br/>
1 Codicier Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
4 Lexicanum Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
1 1st Company Marine Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
20 5th Company Marines Too Wounded To Fight In Any Battle [Total Bionics Cost To Return To Full Functionality: 125]<br/>
3 5th Company Marines Interred Into Dreadnoughts [3 Dreadnought Chassis Used] [Tomb-Brother Irnus, Mestor, Nephrus]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (+2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (+18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (+50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (+10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
3 5th Company Marines (6 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor/Troop Transport Compliment Down By 90%, Bomber Compliment At 100%)<br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
4 Frigates (Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<b>All Void Armsmen Utilized In Boarding Lost (Remaining Void Armsmen Now Depleted To Severely Understrength Levels)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">8 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (1 Infantry/3 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [7 Regiments Lost i.e. 700,000~ Fatalities]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><s>1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</s></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><s>1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [1/3 Casualties Sustained]</s> <b>Will Not Deploy Without Inquisitorial Order</b></li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified) (Moderate Damage)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
6 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">New Meridian: Enemy Populace Estimated At 7.2 Billion (Including Menials, Conscripts, Vandian Guard, Stormtroopers, Leman Russ Tanks, Hydra Flak Tanks, Manticore Tanks, Land Raiders (2), Baneblades (5), Chaos Knights (10), Chaos Warhound Titan (1), 500~ Leman Russ Tanks, Other Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 Soul-Tortured Defense Monitor Cruisers [800,000~ Crew Total]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">500,000~ Saharduin (Piscean Warriors, Alien Crew Members, Engineer Caste, Blood Shamans, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reaverlord Carnax, Khornate Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Grand Hunter Hraxe, Slaaneshi Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Admiral Maximilian Vandis, New Meridian Defense Fleet Commander</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">New Meridian Defense Defense Fleet: Estimated Crews At 10,000,000 (Including All Ships, Orbital Stations, Shipyard)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Masters of Forge-Hives, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">425 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">150 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">30 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">50,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1,000,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">250 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>