<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 29 Social - 2484 - Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 29 Social - 2484 - Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Insights on creating independent, temporary, and combat-capable constructs in the vein of Gehenna's Golden Hounds



You have quite a few thoughts in rapid succession, including vague offence that he thought you could be bought, and then admission that on this particular matter you probably could be when you consider the amount of as yet unpursued ideas you've got that could be made possible or much easier with the right piece of Gold Order lore or expertise. You spend some time mentally wrestling with the idea of a device for visualizing the Winds, but you're still at least reasonably confident you could be able to build one yourself, so the other possibility comes to the fore.

"Gehenna," you say. "I want to know how her Golden Hounds work."

Magister Patriarch Feldmann leans back in his chair, his face going blank. "I assume you mean on a deeper level than just knowing how the spell is cast. Is this a personal interest, or an institutional one?"

"Personal."

"You'll have to swear an oath not to pass it on."

"The information itself, that would be fine. But I want to be able to pass on anything I create derived from that."

"Would you be willing to claim it was entirely an independent creation?"

You barely manage to keep yourself from frowning. In the Colleges, you'd normally need to get someone at gunpoint to get them to give up academic credit. But for this, the Gold College would require it? "Yes. I would."

Feldmann is silent for a while, then nods. "Very well. I'll have an expert on the matter made available to you. When you're satisfied with your knowledge of the secret, they'll return with the items in question."

---

Karak Kadrin, despite its reputation, is not all about mournful doomed souls. The above-ground portions of the Hold are constantly abuzz with comings and goings of hundreds, perhaps thousands of humans at any given time, and as many are speaking Kislevarin as are speaking Reikspiel. Ever since the disappearance of Karak Vlag, Karak Kadrin has been Kislev's only convenient supply of the Dwarven crafts they value so highly, from weapons and armour to the coin dies for their currency. Also for sale are metal ingots and precious stones, hewn from the endless bounty of the World's Edge Mountains. But perhaps more in demand than anything are certificates of passage, the shockingly expensive small steel plates to be affixed to a certain vessel that allows it perpetual passage through Karak Kadrin's territory - whether that be wagons through Peak Pass, or boats through the soon-to-open Stromurbaz Kadrin. A canny merchant could easily recoup the price with only a few toll-free trips through one or the other, but the overconfident merchant could end up paying more than they otherwise would if a wagon or boat is lost, as the plates are non-transferable. There's always a few that think they can get away with moving a plate from one vessel to another, or outright forging their own, and the Dwarves let them think they've gotten away with it right up until they try to pass while laden with goods and the cargo and vessel alike is confiscated. Which, in turn, draws even more traders to the Karak as they bid on confiscated goods and wagons and draft animals, and some of the major merchant houses of the eastern Empire pay the Dwarves for the privilege of having an employee permanently stationed there so they never miss a single auction.

The Dwarves may not engage in trade in quite the same way as humans do, but that doesn't mean they're any less good at it.

In a closely-guarded warehouse on the Karak's entrance level, a different type of endeavour is underway. In a scene more suited to Zhufbar than the Slayer Keep, a veritable hive of Engineers are at work on the steam-wagons, which are quite different than you expected. Instead of a wagon with various gyrocopter-y bits attached somewhere, they're more like a river monitor given conventional wheels instead of paddle wheels. No wonder the Expedition is so concerned about weather - any decent-sized snowfall could completely rob them of mobility and turn them into oddly-shaped fortifications.

Your name got you into the warehouse and resulted in a runner being sent, but said runner still has to delve through the three complete and two half-built 'wagons' to find the leadership of this expedition, so you take your time considering the wagons. Each one must surely represent a fortune in steel and labour alone, let alone the cost of whatever engineering would allow these things to be mobile. The Dwarves are far from impoverished, but this is still a substantial outlay on what amounts to a gamble. Every steel plate could have been a suit of armour, every rivet could have been a bullet, and all the hands at work here and soon to be sent north could have been seeing to the wellbeing of the extant Karaz Ankor. But many Dwarves are unable to fully cut their losses and focus on consolidating. Every loss from the Empire of their ancestors is a constant niggling shame demanding to be addressed. So the Dwarves march off to war once more, and for all their sterling qualities in the field of warfare, they are definitely less suited to offence than they are to defence. You can only hope that this one matches the success of Karak Eight Peaks.

"Zhufokrul Weber!" comes a booming voice with an accent you're unable to place. "I understand you represent King Belegar's contribution to this project. Borek Forkbeard of Clan Grimnar, at your service and your..." He hesitates for just a moment. "Your guild's."

"And I at yours," you say automatically, sizing him up. Borek has muscle enough to mark him as a member of a Warrior Clan, but between the accent, his position of leadership, and above all the Runes of Grungni rather than Grimnir on his person, you peg him as nobility - almost certainly that of the lost Karag Dum. "I'll be providing what aid I can to help the Expedition get underway."

"I look forward to you fulfilling your reputation, then. Allow me to introduce my two lieutenants, Gotrek Gurnisson of the Engineers Guild and Snorri Farstrider of the Rangers." A pair of introductions that speak volumes, as being spoken of by their Guilds rather than their Clans indicates that their Clans aren't recognized by the Karaz Ankor. That usually means an Imperial Dwarf, those that live amongst the men of the Empire instead of the Dwarves of the Karaz Ankor. Is nobody of repute willing to lend their name to the Expedition, or did other qualities get them the positions that would otherwise have gone to more traditional candidates? You exchange the polite greetings with the two, and reach into your robes to produce the collated information you've gathered thus far.

"I've compiled information from sources the larger Karaz Ankor doesn't have access to - information extracted from prisoners taken during the Karak Eight Peaks Expedition, and some provided by a member of my Guild who has travelled the area while combating the Dawi-Zharr." You hand it over to Borek, who skims it before handing it on to Snorri, who gives it a much closer examination. "It is almost entirely concerned with the Zorn Uzkul, which I understand to be the intended route for the Expedition."

"Aye, we originally intended to go through Black Blood Pass and straight on to Karag Dum, but Runelord Thorek advised otherwise while he was visiting, saying it was more important to minimize time spent in the deep Wastes than it was to go the shortest route."

"Which I've said all along," Snorri says distractedly, not looking up from the report.

"You're not a Runelord, Snorri," Borek says, exasperation thick in his voice.

"Works out better for the wagons anyway," Gotrek says, his voice having a touch of the manic quality Gotri gets when talking about gyrocopters. "I'd give them better odds against a thousand miles of steppe than a hundred of mountain."

"In any case, that's the route. We'll have gyrocopters stationed on High Pass, what manlings call Belyevobota-"

"She's an Imperial, Borek," Snorri interrupts again. "They use the same names we do."

"Well, that's handy. If there's a good thaw going by mid-spring next year, we go. Otherwise we keep preparing for the next year, and failing that as well, we go on the third year, come snow or shine."

"Bold," you comment, your gaze meeting Snorri's who has an expression of profound tiredness. You wonder how long it took Borek to be talked into potentially putting it off for even that long. "What is the mission of the Expedition, precisely?"

"We'll see," Borek says.

"Evacuation," Gotrek and Snorri say at the same time.

"We'll see," Borek repeats firmly. "Our Norse kinfolk lasted near four thousand years. Karag Dum will not have fallen in a mere two hundred. If we can establish a new road to them..."

"Kraka Drak fell to the Great War, and by the Grudgebearer's tales, they were much better fortified and prepared for it than even Karag Dum," Gotrek says, exchanging glances with Snorri.

"Karag Dum has been the front line against Chaos since time immemorial. Grimnir himself set off into the Wastes from there. There is none better able to withstand whatever evils the Wastes can provide."

As the bickering continues, you make some unheard farewells and back away from the conversation.

---

Emerging from the markets of Barak Varr is the second half of your dragonbone bounty, taking the form of a large and yellowed bone half as long as you are tall, allegedly coming from something called a 'Shard Dragon'. A consultation of your library revealed a great deal of debate about whether they are a 'true dragon' or not, though the exact distinction seems to be hazy and oft disagreed upon. Whatever it is, it makes a fine centrepiece for your next convention of the Duckling Club, and Johann and Max prove difficult to pry away from their inspections of it.

Adela talks at length about her growing knowledge of engineering, which you smile and nod indulgently through even though you were already aware of it from Johann's reports to you. Gretel's news is her quick mastery of her new spell, which you're also already aware of, and also that Braganza's Besiegers - still on retainer in Barak Varr - have heard that they're likely to be deployed to patrol the banks of the Skull River to ward off any attacks from bandits. Those Border Princes who live in the shadow of Barak Varr would normally never dare to interfere with them, but Marienburg gold could buy a lot of bravery. Hubert has little to report, but does mention that he's thinking about seeking out a familiar, probably inspired by Wolf's sterling example.

Johann's news is quite clear, and hints that Magister Patriarch Feldmann is moving quickly on handling his side of the deal: a gilded staff topped with a steel globe the size of a fist, which at a thought from him can detach itself and float around the place - or, if the wielder is so inclined, propel itself with sufficient speed to punch a hole through an Orc's torso. The staff is also apparently solid steel under the gilding, so it would come in handy for a more traditional bludgeoning as well. Max's reward is apparently more ephemeral, as he mentions he'll be travelling to Altdorf soon for his Magisterial examination.

"As some of you know," you say, "we'll be wrapping up our investigations into Skaven artefacts. There's only a few of us here and we're fairly busy, and I've been convinced that the Gold College has the resources for a more thorough and rapid investigation that will hopefully provide useful results for the Empire as a whole. The library will remain intact, though individual books will be rotated out for scribing."

Eyes turn to Johann's staff, and to Max's smug smile. "Convinced," Adela says dubiously. "Uh-huh. And what's your part of the payment?"

"It's a secret," you say mysteriously.

Panoramia smiles. "As in you can't tell because that's secret, or that your payment was being told a secret of theirs?"

Perhaps not as mysterious as you thought. "That's a secret too," you say, as loftily as you can manage.

---

EIC reports are quite ordinary to the untrained eye, but to someone that has been keeping an eye on their doings since they were founded, it's clear that the company is hunkering down. Manpower on the more far-flung routes has been doubled, arms and training in how to use them is being distributed to anyone who wants it, and a great deal of the recent contracts have been moving goods to or from entities with the power to make their displeasure very clear should someone engineer a disruption. Amongst this consolidation, the Hochlander has been selecting those with the discretion, loyalty, and cunning to handle a different sort of workload, many of them coming from the Internal Investigations division. Though on paper they'll retain their current title and they'll still manage enough regular work to keep up appearances, they'll also begin recruiting agents of their own to turn their attentions to unconvering information of use to the EIC - or to you.

The word on the street from throughout the EIC's area of operations shows that more and more eyes are turning north as Marienburg's saber rattling draws attention. Prices on luxuries that travel through the so-called gateway to the Empire are climbing steadily as people stock up in anticipation of supply disruption, and the roads are safer than usual as bands of mercenaries travel in one of two directions: northwest to Marienburg, or south to Barak Varr. Even if it never does come to war, there's going to be quite a few mercenaries richer for the retainer they'll be able to negotiate from one side or the other.

The Sylvanian campaign is going quite different to your expectations, as Roswita seems to have developed her patience enough that the Armies of Stirland didn't immediately charge on the enemy walls. Waldenhof is more picketed than besieged as the captured villages of Thyrnau and Hundham are incorporated into Stirlandian rule and being introduced to taxes paid in gold, rather than blood. Mikalsdorf is the weaker of the two remaining towns, but is going to be a nightmare to try to besiege, being bound by Hel Fenn on one side, Grim Wood on a second, and Grim Moor on a third. You're not surprised that Roswita is leaving it for last. But even if it doesn't have enemies visible from the battlements, every road leads to enemies and their allies in Talabecland have gone to the pyres, so unless they can find new allies - easier said than done after the example the Witch Hunters set - they'll be feeling the pinch more and more as the months go on.

---

[ ] [TOWER] Grey Battery
Seek to expand the capability of the Grey Tower to absorb and store power, whether for firing the Eye of Gazul or other purposes. 50gc.
[ ] [TOWER] Far Sight
Filled to the brim with refraction cantrips, this tower would allow anyone in it to see in detail any point within line of sight. 2 College Favours.
[ ] [TOWER] Protection (COLOUR)
Build a tower to magically reinforce or protect the others. Specify wind. 5 College favours.
[ ] [TOWER] Anti-Air (COLOUR)
Build a tower to magically attack any airborne enemies. Specify wind. 5 College favours.
[ ] [TOWER] Smoke and Mirrors
Build a tower to enable longer-range teleportation. Will require an action to set up, exact implementation will be determined by rolls and choices with that action.


Library Purchases
Budget: 300gc, 2 Dwarf Favour. Anything not spent will not accumulate.
[ ] [LIBRARY] No purchase.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Write-in.

Dwarf Favour Purchases
Aethyric Vitae can be spent instead of favour at an exchange rate of 3 favour per gallon; for Rune-related purchases, this will also guarantee the cooperation of Runelords who may otherwise be disinterested. To use this, simply add 'paid by Vitae' or similar to an item you are voting for.
[ ] [DWARF] No purchase.
[ ] [DWARF] Write-in.

College Favour Purchases
[ ] [COLLEGE] No purchase.
[ ] [COLLEGE] Write-in.

Other Purchases
[ ] [PURCHASE] No purchase.
[ ] [PURCHASE] Write-in.


- There will be a two hour moratorium. Remember to do all your voting in the same post.
- Feel free to suggest other tower purposes.
  </body>
</html>