<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26 - 2482.5 - From Revanche to Revamp</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26 - 2482.5 - From Revanche to Revamp</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [BOON] Save it until the Karak is wealthy enough to afford my ambition.

[*] [ROOM] Vault
[*] [ROOM] Guest Room
[*] [ROOM] Wolf's Room
[*] [ROOM] Shrine to Ranald

[*] [WE] Scavenge the Gauntlet
[*] [LIBRARY] Linguistics (Dwarf Antiquarian), The Eonir of Laurelorn (Imperial Extensive & Esoteric, Dwarf Extensive), Waystones (Imperial Extensive, Dwarf Extensive)
[*] [COLLEGE] 5 favors for a full translation of the Cathayan books
[*] [DWARF] Have a Grandmaster Engineer have a go at the Stirland Repeater - 8 favors
[*] [PURCHASE] No purchase.



Eventually, you and the representative of the We decide on the Gauntlet between Karak Eight Peaks and Black Crag as their new primary source of food, which would let them retain their current habits as Hunters without depending on a barren and exposed hunting ground. You're torn on the matter of accounts, since part of you sees it as an advantage that the Karak will be credited for the deaths they'll be causing anyway and part of you feels like it's taking advantage of the We, but the price that's been set for their silk means even if they're unable to pick off any greenskins on their own and every scrap of food is credited to the Karak, they'll still be generating a profit for them to accumulate or spend as they see fit. With her task complete, the Priestess of Esmerelda is released from the Karak's payroll, but she mentions that she'll still be visiting them between her responsibilities to the Halflings because she feels there's still a possibility of making a conversion.

It feels like something of an abandonment to you, but the We have the means at their disposal to take charge of their own education, and purchase books and the services of teachers as they see fit. They are sentient beings - or, arguably, one single sentient being - and they now have the freedom to chart their own course in life.

---

After sending off the Cathayan books to be translated and sending word to Zhufbar via Prince Gotri about the Stirland Repeater, you turn your attention to your Penthouse. The third subbasement takes shape in a chorus of grumbling from Dwarven stonemasons displeased at leaving one room unfinished, but you're able to redirect the most unhappy to building the Vault which gives them a lot of satisfaction, and for the rest, Wolf's involvement in his own room makes it very easy to conceal the matter in a smokescreen of confusion as they act according to his whims and your direction. At first glance the room is a charming interior pond ringed with hardy Dwarven grass capable of surviving on reflected sunlight, and the elevation of the room above its neighbours is easy to assign to said pond. But underneath the soil is a warren of concealed chambers, some dedicated to comfort but one dedicated to a set of controls for Wolf to operate the Penthouse's defences from safety, and entrances to it are found not only hidden in the glade above but also concealed in adjoining rooms. You quickly become accustomed to him and his wolf-rat pack appearing and disappearing according to their whim, but you look forward to the effect it might have on anyone that braves your guest room in the future.

The Shrine is tricky. Considering the security your Penthouse requires, you can't simply fill it with gamblers and cats and call it a day. But on what might be a whim, you asked a question or two of the local Rangers about the black-feathered and yellow-beaked birds you've seen alighting on your balcony to chirp at you and try to convince you to share your snacks and ale, and learn of the mountain chough, a cousin of the crow that makes its nests far higher than most birds can reach. A concealed opening is excavated with a thick steel grate just large enough to allow through these birds, and around a life-size wooden depiction of a crow carved by Qrech, the choughs cautiously begin to explore the sheltered little nooks and the trickling waterfalls of clean water that line the walls. A week later the first nest had begun construction, and taking inspiration from the mated pair, you send word and a few coins to the University of Altdorf's oft-neglected Division of Arts. After being startled by a few sketched proposals that lean hard into reinterpretations of the nature of Shallya's Tears and the Goblet they were drunk from, you commission a lovely painting of Ranald and Shallya sitting together in a field, surrounded by a mixed flock of crows and doves, and when it arrives you hang it across from the laudably fidelious choughs.

You've heard several versions of the story of Ranald's ascension, and several of them don't sit very well with you. You'd very much prefer to believe the best of your oldest friend.

---

For the first time, King Belegar sits at the head of a meeting of the Council with a completed crown. Once, you would have believed that this King Belegar would have been one reborn, with the four thousand year Grudge of his family finally righted. But if anything, King Belegar is more bound by duty now than he ever was. He is responsible for more citizens of the Karak every day, and he has a responsibility to the Karaz Ankor as well, to his seven fellow Kings and to his High King. With the War for Karak Eight Peaks won, King Belegar's duty has only become more complicated. The meeting takes place once more in what has come to be labelled the Room of Riven Stars, centered by the table built from the fragment of the former ceiling of the Hall of the Moon, which is no less meaningful for being a symbol of the abstract stakes rather than the immediate danger.

"Needless to say," he begins, "the past months have been tumultuous. Everything changed in a single day, and thanks to every Dwarf and man and Halfling but especially thanks to Loremaster Mathilde, we did not only survive, but we have won. The Karak is ours." There is a circle of emphatic nods from everyone in attendance, and you bask in the understated but very real approval from your fellow councillors. "First things first: keeping what we've retaken. Thane Dreng?"

"We have three immediate threats," he says. "The first is Black Crag, centered upon what is being called the Gauntlet. The greenskins have stopped attempting in earnest to storm the defences, but they still constantly probe it with those that end up on the losing end of internal squabbles. It will need to be guarded and fortified for the foreseeable future. Second, and much harder to defend against, are the Skaven. We don't know how likely they are to return, which Clans might make the attempt, or what direction they might come from. All I can do about it is set patrols through the lowest levels of the Karak. Third is the dragon, and now that it's awake I've asked for permission to take precautions against-"

"We'll not provoke the beast if we don't have to," King Belegar says firmly.

"As you say. Most of the rest of our efforts have been on restoring the Karak's overland defences."

"Continue with that. The West Gate is going well, but don't neglect the Southern Sentinels or Morzund's Wall. When Karaz-a-Karak's Okral arrives, put them to work restoring them and turn your eyes downwards, start mapping out what needs to be dug and what needs to be filled in to minimize possible approaches and improve response times. Speaking of the dragon, Prince Kazrik?"

"I've found a definitive match in the records of Barak Varr."

"Blast. What did it do?"

"Records, not Grudges. There's an archipelago off the coast of Araby they call the Sorcerers' Islands. A few centuries after Barak Varr razed Ulthuan's colony on them during the War of Vengeance, the dragon made its home there. For three hundred years, anything the Naggarothi had short of a Black Ark had to go all the way around the western side of Ulthuan, because if they passed between Ulthuan and Araby they'd either go too far east and be assaulted by the dragon, or too far west and run aground on the Shifting Isles. Eventually it either left or was driven out by Araby, but for a long time it was an important strategic advantage over the corsairs."

"It never attacked a Dwarven ship? And that's all you can find on it?"

"Only ever the Naggarothi. And there's not many Ice Dragons in any records of the Karaz Ankor, and they all tend to be fairly distinctive. That's the only time we've previously encountered it."

"That takes away some of my misgivings. When the Okral arrives, concentrate on getting them settled in and to work, and make sure there's no trouble between them and us. Some of the major figures in Karaz-a-Karak's guilds have a sense of superiority towards the other Karaks. Prince Gotri, how went your project?"

"It would have done a great deal to secure our parts of the Karak against the other forces within it," he says, only a slight grumble to his voice. "But it is absolutely unsuited for defending the entirely retaken Karak. So I've archived the blueprints."

"Such is war," King Belegar says. "Are you happy with the defences of the Gauntlet?"

He ponders that for a while, with an Engineer's natural distaste for declaring anything sufficient. "It would be more secure with flame cannon," he eventually says. "But I can't imagine a frontal assault succeeding against that weight of lead."

"Good enough for me. Expand the Gyrocopter hangars, and when the Okral arrives, put the Engineers to work on building up it and the Aircorp. Maybe we won't need them against the dragon, but we'll soon be looking beyond our Karak and I want the tools to intervene quickly and effectively. Princess Edda?"

"The Barrows are fully mapped and cleared, it had only the usual mountain beasts. We've begun to extract ore, which we're stockpiling." Her tone is not quite discontent, but there's a tone of a question in it.

"The Okral will be restoring the smelters of Karag Mhonar. Take charge of the Miners and Prospectors amongst them, and plumb and restore the old mines - Flamestone and Ghuzhur first, Uzkul and Diamondhelm after. Nothing will draw settlers like ore waiting for picks. Gunnars, is the Temple of Grungni complete?"

"Physically," he says. "The dedication ceremony is awaiting the arrival of a High Priest amongst the Okral."

"Very well. Turn to Karag Mhonar, see if the old Temple to Smednir there can be restored, and if it can't, build one anew."

"And Valaya, your majesty?" Gunnars asks carefully.

"Valaya's flock currently resides in Grimnir's Karag. When Karag Rhyn is restored, so too will be Her Temple."

"Valaya is patient," Gunnars says, in what would be approval if he hadn't very carefully avoided saying anything that could be considered a judgement of the King's decision.

Finally, King Belegar turns to you. "Mathilde, a lot has changed of late, but the importance of your current task has not. Continue with it." Curiosity is plain on the faces of your fellow councillors, but everyone refrains from asking.

---

While that's the end of the formal Council meeting, King Belegar announces that he will be breaking the seals on the surviving treasure vaults, and all present are welcome to come and watch. After that, it would take siege weaponry to pry any of the Dwarves away from King Belegar's side, and you're more than a little curious yourself. The Council seems to transform before your eyes into children on Sigmartag, as they enthusiastically speculate on the contents, passing on legends and rumours they'd heard.

"The Hall of Ghosts was emptied during the Time of Woes," King Belegar says as you walk through the echoing halls of Karag Zilfin, "and the vaults of Karag Rhyn collapsed under what looks like an attempt to break in - our miners are working on it."

"They say they're enjoying the novelty of taking a pick to stone and finding the contents already smelted and minted," Princess Edda says with a smile.

"Someone - probably Clan Skryre - broke into Karag Zilfin's Treasure Vaults, but they didn't complete the job. Kragg theorizes that so many Skaven died while they were breaking through the layers of defences that by the time they got to the last few chambers, any attempts to use their Techno-Sorcery caused the dead to manifest and attack their former Clanmates, and without it they couldn't breach any further Runes." You consider the amount of ambient Dhar that the Skaven looters would need to be leaking for the souls of the restless dead to start manifesting on that scale, and wince. "It's been at least a few years since their last attempt, so since Morrslieb is waning and as long as no magic is used, it should be safe."

The Hammerers flanking your procession don't seem to find that sufficient comfort, and they take some time sweeping the Vaults before giving you all the nod to clamber in over the rubble. The floor is black with old blood and bone fragments crunch underfoot, and here and there empty stone chests and shattered steel doors tell a clear story. But towards the back of the almost-emptied Vaults, a great deal of scorch-marks and the twin scents of scorched flesh and curdled magic show where Skaven avarice finally failed. Runes glow sullenly at your approach, but fade at a touch from King Belegar, and a muffled creak and whine within the walls tells of metal devices coming to life after millennia of dormancy. The door swings jerkily outwards, and under the collective stare of his Council, King Belegar walks inside.

The romantic view of treasure is a chest haphazardly heaped with golden coins to the point of overflowing, but only the greenskins are so cavalier with storing their wealth, and everyone sensible keeps theirs neatly stacked and counted. Dwarves take it one step further, with shelf after shelf of carved grooves for cylindrical stacks of coins to nestle neatly within. At least half of them are empty, but the remainder still contain the gleam of gold, untarnished by the passage of time, in more than sufficient quantity to plump out the storage racks of the current treasury. King Belegar takes one of the stacks and considers it for some time, before returning to the doorway and passing a coin to each of you. Looking down, you find yourself returning the disapproving gaze of a Dwarf who, judging by the coin's inscription, is High King Gotrek Starbreaker.

"Two hundred years of war, and still there were coins unspent," he says sadly. "We have so far to go to match the glory of the past."

---

Gold is all well and good, but outside of the opinion of numismatists, the gold of the ancient past spends no better than one forged and stamped in Barak Varr yesterday. The Vault of Ancestors proves to be an equal disappointment, as you were hoping for ancient Runic weapons and instead found it full of furniture that was antique before the Karak fell, and though you understand that this 'wutroth' is important to the Dwarves you can't really match the excitement of your fellow councillors over carpentry. So as you make your way to the third stop, your expectations have been well and truly tempered and you're mentally planning for the rest of your day instead of getting worked up over what might be concealed in the hidden vaults of the Grand Urbaz - the trade hall that once played host to merchants from the rest of the world. The only thing keeping a flicker of curiosity burning is that King Belegar left the others to continue cooing over the antiques, so now it's only the two of you.

"It was sealed two hundred years before the Skaven attacked," King Belegar says, "and they never unsealed it. I understand their reasoning, but..." he shrugs.

"Do you know what it contains?"

"Oh yes," he says. "I left it last for a reason. Didn't even suspect it would still be here until the Ranger I sent just in case reported back, I had assumed it would have been looted, as it didn't have nearly the calibre of Runic protections of the other Vaults, so it was a surprise to hear it was untouched. Nobody even suspected it was there, I suppose." You wait for him to continue and tell you what it contains, but when he falls silent again you refuse to take the bait, simply following him as he walks through the Hall that was still scattered with the remnants of Skaven occupation. You pass through a smaller hall that once might have been a foyer, then through a room still filled with enormous stone desks, and then through a narrow corridor with booths at either side you're pretty sure were once checkpoints. The corridor ends in a T-junction, but King Belegar ignores both branches in favour of considering the sigil of Clan Angrund. "Normally, trade is done by representatives of the Guild in question," he says, "but trade with non-Dwarves doesn't fit into that mould, so it was a matter for the Royal Clan. Kept second sons busy." He draws his hammer, and holds it against the larger depiction of it in the oversized sigil. For a long while nothing seems to be happening, but King Belegar's patience holds you there watching him, and eventually there's a click, and then a loud, echoing boom that shakes the ground beneath you. Slowly, the sigil rolls to one side, and with no ambient Dhar in the air you take the liberty of throwing out a Magic Light into the darkness within, and what you see freezes you in place.

The wealth of Treasure Vaults was impressive, but you'd seen larger amounts - you'd slept on larger amounts. But the hall revealed is enormous and resembles a library, except with riches instead of books, and instead of uniform stacks of coins it takes every form imaginable - coins of all kinds of metal, ingots of a dizzying array of shapes and sizes and compositions, a rainbow of precious stones, each portion of wealth neatly demarcated from its neighbours.

With every movement sending echoes through the long-empty hall, you walk towards the closest and consider the modest stack of gold, and the carved stone token in front of it. Ea-Nasir it says, using the stilted form it uses when phonetically spelling non-Khazalid words. Copper merchant. Tylos. Account opened 11.5.2702. "We were second only to Karaz-a-Karak, and we were much more welcoming to the humans," King Belegar says. "We gave them good prices for food and ore, and sold them weapons and goods at reasonable prices. Many of them came to think that Karak Eight Peaks was the most dependable and defensible place to store their money, from regular craftsfolk to some of their wealthiest nobles and traders. And, I suppose, history proved that trust well-placed." He picks up a coin with a gaunt, fanged face on it. "Strygos fell to greenskins. Tylos to Skaven. Nehekhara to their own Undead ancestors. In the end, we outlasted them all. So we sealed the Vault, and the debate over what to do with it all was put aside when the Skaven attacked us."

"I take it you don't intend to rekindle that debate," you say, considering the Classical lettering on the coin.

"There is no debate," he says firmly. "Shall I turn the wealth over to the Tomb Kings? To the Strigoi? Or worst of all, consider the Skaven inheritors of Tylos? No. Once the Okral have gone, we will use the smelters they will have built to reforge every coin and ingot, and none will think to question the rediscovered wealth of the Karak."

You consider the reputation of the Karak, and of lost Dwarfholds in general, and you nod in agreement. You doubt there's a soul out there that would find anything amiss in the reborn Karak displaying mind-boggling amounts of wealth.

---

Mandatory Actions: Pick one from each category.

Journeyman Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] MAX: Allow him to spend all his time on his metalworking studies.
[ ] MAX: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] MAX: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Bring him into the classified study on Warptech and have him assist Johann with the Ratling Gun.
[ ] MAX: Write a paper: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Receive dictation: specify which. Must be taken with a 'dictate' action.

Magister Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] JOHANN: Have him teach Adela what he knows of engineering.
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Write a paper: specify which.

Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks
[ ] DUCK: Work with Panoramia for her to finally get around to investigating the greenskin mushrooms she found.
[ ] DUCK: Panoramia's about ready to test for Magister, but she's putting it off because she doesn't have a lot of free time to prepare. Work with her to help make the most of every spare minute.
[ ] DUCK: Help Johann train his rat-wolf children.
[ ] DUCK: Johann's investigation into the ratling gun has hit a wall. See if you can help.
[ ] DUCK: Each of your three ducklings can fight in melee. Spar with them, and teach them what you can.
[ ] DUCK: Magical target-shooting is rough on normal targets. Set up a specialized target range for your ducklings, and for any other wizards at Eight Peaks.


The Eastern Imperial Company
Your outstanding debt: 450 crowns
Your share of EIC profits: 175 crowns / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Handgun Factory in Blutdorf (Rollout to Army of Stirland)
[ ] Put policies in place that local news should be collected and sent to you (rumour mill).
[ ] Found an auditors division, to make sure the ledgers are in order.
[ ] Start hiring handlers who can then start hiring informers and begin to collect non-public information.
[ ] Reach out to Julia to find out if she's interested in being poached or passing on information.
[ ] Reach out to Roswita, and have the EIC start passing on tips about any tax evasion or other naughtiness by the EIC's rivals.
[ ] Start building a paramilitary river navy to ensure the coming trade explosion doesn't lead to a similar explosion in riverine banditry.
[ ] Sell some of the Grand Urbaz Bank coins to collectors and museums on King Belegar's behalf.
[ ] Bring in a Perpetual Apprentice to start grooming as a handler for intelligence matters of the EIC. (1 favour/turn)
[ ] Look outside the Colleges for a candidate to start grooming as a handler for intelligence matters of the EIC.


Personal Actions: you have four actions you can apply without engaging in overwork.
Current overwork status: [  ] [  ] [  ]
Each box will be filled by one action of overwork, and will take the two turns after that to fade as you recover. The first box incurs no penalty. The second will give a -10 penalty to all actions during the first turn of recovery. The third will  give a -20 penalty to all actions on both turns of recovery. 
Overwork incurs no penalties on the turns taken, only on the turns recovering from it. You can take as many actions of overwork as you have unfilled boxes.
When you use overwork it fills the left-most empty box, so [-][ ][ ] becomes [-][+][ ], not [+][-][ ]. All boxes recover in parallel and independent from one another, but second and third apply maluses on your actions during that cooldown period.


Current Task: Queekish
[ ] Seek to build a stronger rapport with Qrech, and provide enough sources of mental stimulation that you can turn your attention elsewhere.
[ ] Try to convince him outright to teach you spoken Queekish.
[ ] Try to deepen your understanding of Skaven warfare.
[ ] Use King Belegar's pull to bring in some linguistics experts from the Empire's universities, though after proper vetting and swearing them to silence.

Qrech Gambits: (one may be taken for free per action invested in the Qrech category above)
[ ] Convince Qrech that you seek an arrangement with Clan Moulder, and that you will release him as an ambassador for that arrangement once you are satisfied he'll cooperate.
[ ] Convince Qrech that the Under-Empire has no way of knowing he's even alive, and that he should prioritize the comfort with which he will live the rest of his life.
[ ] Convince Qrech you're ambitious and loyal only to yourself, and you're willing to repay his cooperation in ways that will benefit the Under-Empire.
[ ] Other (write in)

Self-Improvement:
[ ] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
[ ] Attempt to learn a spell from scrolls (specify which, will be harder than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Hire a trainer to come to Eight Peaks and teach you: specify what. (costs favours for Dwarf trainers, money for human ones)
[ ] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)
[ ] Attempt to learn Battle Magic at the Grey College. (1 College Favour per attempt)
[ ] Gain enough control of your unruly shadow to still it temporarily.
[ ] Gain enough control of your attraction to smoke and gases to have it collect away from your face.
[ ] Try to see through Pall of Darkness with your improved magical senses.
[ ] Practice shooting while invisible. (applies to Substance of Shadow and Invisibility)
[ ] Branulhune's ability to disappear and reappear at a thought allows entirely new forms of combat. Try to create them.
[ ] Have one of Prince Gotri's pilots teach you to fly a gyrocopter.

Research and Publishing:
[ ] Study an artefact: select which.
[ ] Write a paper: select which.
Once per turn, you can write a paper without spending an action thanks to your Tower of Serenity.
[ ] Dictate papers: select which two, must be taken with Max's 'receive dictation'.
[ ] Investigate how the We communicates with... itself?
[ ] Investigate the possibility of using one Wind to directly manipulate another.
[ ] The Second Secret of Dhar teaches how to collapse it upon itself. Practice upon local Dhar taint, and very cautiously see if this works with Warpstone.
[ ] Try to establish a relationship with the Cult of Verena, with the intent of offering them access to your rarer tomes in exchange for copies of some of their own.
[ ] Record all the entries of the Grand Urbaz vaults and select a good-quality example of each minting to save from the smelters. (NEW)

Aethyric Vitae (19 gallons):
[ ] Investigate the exact circumstances required to induce a transformation.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to Dwarven magic-dampening Runes. (2 Dwarf favours)
[ ] Attempt to interest one of the currently present Runesmiths in the interaction between Runes and Vitae. (Will start at the top and work your way down)
[ ] Call in favours to get a specific Runesmith to examine the interaction between Runes and Vitae with you.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts with Divine Magic.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to a power stone.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to being subjected to power stone creation methods.
[ ] Instead of seeking the secrets of the blood, simply see if it can be weaponized in some way.

Enchantment and Spell Creation:
[ ] Enchant an item with a Moderately Complicated or easier spell (specify what and which)
[ ] Attempt to deepen your skill with Enchantment (will be more difficult than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Attempt to create a spell (see Approved Spells threadmark)

Karag Nar Penthouse: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category. Additional selections cost actions.
[ ] Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
[ ] Have additional rooms excavated underneath your Penthouse: -125gc for 5 rooms.
[ ] Have a gyrocopter landing pad built into your balcony.
[ ] Your dungeon was built with a reasonable amount of paranoia. Apply an unreasonable amount of paranoia.
[ ] Add security measures to your Penthouse to prevent forcible entry.
Setting up rooms for specific purposes will have to wait until new rooms are constructed or excavated. Only one construction or excavation can take place at a time, but you can do one of each.
Building downwards will increase by 1 each time; second set of excavated rooms will be 3 rooms, third will be 4, and so on.
Building upwards can be added upon; towers can be added on to or additional towers can be built. The distinction between the two is entirely cosmetic.

Foreign Relations:
[ ] Join the war between Stirland and the vampires in northern Sylvania.

Personal Relations:
[ ] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: specify who and how.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and a Very Good Boy. Train him. (increases his intelligence, he may learn to speak Praestantia)
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and very magical. Deepen your familiar bond. (may unlock a new familiar ability; risks obsession)


Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: specify how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so.



Spoiler: Artefacts to be studied



Ranald's Coin
Vampire skulls

Unknown black gem, stolen from the Skaven.
Preserved bodies of the Rat Mothers of Clan Mors.

Eshin:
Throwing star, still dripping venom.
Eshin Sorcerer crystal sword.
Eshin Sorcerer amulet, shattered.

Moulder:
Book on the Anatomy of Chaos Dwarves, partially translated.
Electric whip, stolen from Clan Moulder.
Vials, stolen from Clan Moulder.
Captured Clan Moulder devices (as yet uninspected)

Skryre:
Firearms; jezzails, pistols, bullets, gunpowder.
Ratling guns.
Warp Lightning Cannon (misfired, possibly broken)
Lighting mechanism, stolen from Clan Skryre. (shared project with Adela)
Breathing apparatus, stolen from Clan Skryre. (shared project with Johann)
Brass orb, stolen from Clan Skryre.





Spoiler: Papers to be written



Note: Fresh and Refreshed papers confer a +10 bonus; faded ones a -10 malus.
Papers get one step less 'fresh' each turn: Fresh; Fading; Mostly Faded: Faded. Only the first and last have an effect on the diceroll.

Brief observations on Eshin Sorcery (FRESH)

Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition. (FADED)
The Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual. (FADED)
The physiology and venom of the We. (FADED)
The psychology and social structure of the We. (FADED)

Preliminary paper on Aethyric Vitae. (TIMELESS)
Insight on Skaven tactics and strategy, acquired from the Liber Mortis but justified by your current encounters (TIMELESS)
Basic Queekish: grammar, signs, common words (TIMELESS)
Military lexicon of written Queekish (TIMELESS)
Medical lexicon of written Queekish (TIMELESS)
Technical lexicon of written Queekish (TIMELESS)
Translated text on Chaos Dwarf anatomy (TIMELESS)
Translated Eshin correspondence on the Skaven Civil War (TIMELESS)

You can literally write the book on a topic for the same amount of effort as two papers; this can be split over multiple turns. You don't need to have all the pieces to do so, but it would be more efficient and impressive if you did.
The We (missing: communication method)
Queekish-Khazalid Dictionary
Queekish-Reikspiel Dictionary




- The Boon vote will take place soon after the departure of Karaz-a-Karak's workforce, at the end of Turn 32. Until that vote opens, I ask that everyone winds back debate on the topic. Things are getting more heated than I'd like.
- Votes will be in plan format; there is a four hour moratorium. As always, if there's something I've missed or forgotten - and there probably is, because it's been a while since the last regular turn - let me know.
  </body>
</html>