<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 3 (Part One): Ragged Yet Unbroken</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 3 (Part One): Ragged Yet Unbroken</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><i>GM Note: Here's part one. Meridian and Calderis are going to be in part two, potentially three depending on how the battles go. </i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Ragged Yet Unbroken<br/>
+998.M41+<br/>
+While the enemies of the Emperor still draw breath, there can be no peace+</b>​</div> <br/>
The galaxy is in turmoil, though it always seems to be these days. Faint astropath messages bounce across all five Segmentum carrying messages of despair and warning. Far, far away from you, Armageddon burns once again under the menace that is Ghazghkull. Already numerous Chapters have mobilized, heading into the war that rages one more in the Segmentum Solar. Worse news, of course, comes from the direction of the Eye of Terror. Numerous Space Hulks have begun appearing in a greater concentration than has ever been seen before, carrying warbands and madness with them. Some have even whispered of the fearsome Herald of Nurgle, Typhus, being on the march though such reports are uncorroborated. Chaos raider activity has absolutely skyrocketed, resulting in a mobilization of Imperial forces across the entire galaxy. Madmen and self-proclaimed prophets are calling it the end of days, while more cognizant analysts are saying that the chances of a 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade are terrifyingly on the rise.<br/>
<br/>
But that is not the only thing that concerns you. When a splinter of Hive Fleet Leviathan reached the Aurelian Subsector, and the Korianis Sector in general, only a short time ago, none could have realized just how tremendous Leviathan would be. Even now vast curling tendrils of the disgusting xeno race pour through cracks in the Imperium’s defenses in tide of chitin and claw. Though the left ‘half’ of the Hive Fleet was crushed at Tarsis Ultra, according to reports, the right ‘half’ of its seemingly inevitable advance has trailed off into the Octarius systems, home to one of the most powerful and longest lasting Ork Empires that the Imperium has records of. Even so, just as the Imperium learned from previous Hive Fleets, splinters shall continue to float through the void and show up more likely than not at the worst possible times.<br/>
<br/>
You find yourself, in this odd times, thinking of Aramus, surprisingly. The taint wafting off of him was enough to offend the sensibilities of the Librarians you had at the time without even a casual psychic scanning, but he had remained certain of his dedication to the Emperor and the Imperium. Jonah…before he was slain, had remarked that the young Force Commander had teetered back and forth atop the precipice of truly falling to Chaos more than any he had ever seen. But he <i>hadn’t</i> fallen, and accepted his charge to penance wholeheartedly. He had allowed his disturbingly powerful wargear – stinking of Chaos – to be destroyed, and had left. Towards the Eye of Terror.<br/>
<br/>
Where, even now, a 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade may be beginning. Perhaps the enemy had thought to make their measures completely unknown, in order to appear from nowhere and gain the advantage of surprise, but whether by chance or skill of those already present that is no longer possible.<br/>
<br/>
As for yourself, and the Blood Ravens besides…if a 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade truly does begin, will you travel to that oft-fought battlefield? Or stay here to recover your strength? You do not yet know the answer to that question, but the universe will more likely than not demand an answer sooner rather than later.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">-------------------------------------------------<br/>​</div>After careful review of the available information, you eventually select Brother Gracchus as Master of the Apothecarion. While he may not be the most combat capable space marine to ever exist, you do not need him for his combat abilities. You need him for his medical expertise, for his skills and experience in watching over the Gene-Seed for any signs of taint and for the best possible implantation procedures. He accepts his position quickly, but given the current state of the Implantation Chambers on the <i>Arcanum</i> he currently resides on the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. But he is not the only specialist you deal with, sending those marines who might possess extra-normal talents. Hannibal is interested in having a student, and having more Chaplains is going to be of utmost importance in the years going forward. The spiritual and mental fortitudes of the Chapter are of highest authority. Ares Actus doesn’t quite impress Hannibal, but he isn’t rejected outright. Then again few things actually ‘impress’ Hannibal anyway. Even so, learning all that has to be learned will take time. Though, at the least, learning to be a true Chaplain will take less than the thirty standard years that Quarius Zergan must take after being checked over for Martellus for true skill.<br/>
<br/>
The ship that arrives to take him departs within the same day, apparently thanks to an especially good warp current. Perhaps if he turns out to be especially skilled, he will return sooner, but you do not dare to hope for such things while there are matters to be dealt with closer to home.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Ares Actus: Chaplain Training [1/5] Years Until Complete<br/>
Quarius Zergan: 30 Years Standard Until Complete<br/>
</b><br/>
Speaking of ships, you have selected amongst your depressingly small pool of candidates a new Master of the Fleet. Traditionally, the position would also be given over to the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Captain, but there <i>isn’t</i> a 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company in existence at the moment. Their battle cry ‘Victory Over Death’ which they garnered after Kronus seems to have fallen fallow. As it is, however, you may lack brothers but you do not lack ships. Hadrian Priscus accepts his position humbly, and immediately begins getting a feel for the Chapter Fleet through maneuvers and firing exercises, but he does note privately to you that getting the rest of the ships repaired would help things along quite extensively. Besides that, however, he openly makes use of his new position to rearrange the Fleet to better suit the current circumstances of the Chapter – though as Chapter Master you would technically be within your rights to demand he readjust things to another manner.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fleet Master Reassigns Chapter Fleet</b>:<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet – <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, <i>Ravenous Spirit, Spiraling Fury,</i> x3 Gladius Frigates, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova Frigates<br/>
5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet – <i>Litany of Fury</i>, <i>Rage of Erudition, </i>x2 Gladius Frigates, x1 Hunter Destroyers, x1 Nova Frigate<br/>
10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet - <i>Faith's Horizon</i>, x2 Gladius Frigate, x2 Nova Frigates<br/>
<br/>
Still, it is truly a tragedy that <i>The Observer</i> was lost. The 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company’s Battle Barge shall be sorely missed.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">--------------------------------------------<br/>
[Training With Apollo – Agility From 4 to 5: 0+90=97/500]<br/>​</div>Hissing, you shift back and dodge the buzzing teeth of the chainsword that would have taken your head off, readjusting your grip on your own practice weapon, a simulacrum of <i>Godsplitter</i> and swinging it forward. The move is slow, slower than it used to be, but still far faster than a regular mundane human could possibly manage. Your bionics grind against your flesh but you work past the feeling, to grow used to it. You cannot afford for this life saving machinery to actually be a detriment to your combat abilities.<br/>
<br/>
Apollo, on the other hand, is practically a blur as he dodges beneath the blow and rises up in front of you to rear back with the shock glove. Had it been a regular power fist it might have pulped your uncovered head, but you just barely manage to get your elbow up in time to knock him aside. But he merely slams his foot onto the ground hard enough to propel the whole of his armored frame up into the air for an overhead slash that – had you not scooted yourself to the left – split you in two.<br/>
<br/>
Or at least, it would if the chainsword’s teeth were not purposefully dulled and your hammer bereft of a power field that would pulp not just what it struck but everything in the general area of the strike. Still, the point of the spar is making things quite clear indeed. The spry flesh that you possessed before is having trouble working alongside the bionics that Martellus provided you. It is not a slight against the Techmarines work, rather against your own body for utterly refusing to adjust like you want<br/>
<br/>
But you are changing that. Slowly but surely, you are forcing your body to relearn itself, and with it you are growing just that fraction faster with each day of training. Perhaps, someday, you will return to as fast as you were before. It would be possible to, perhaps, ask Martellus now that he is in a more relaxed setting and not frantically trying to preserve your life to the point that you would not have to go into a dreadnought to carefully craft more powerful and sophisticated bionics. Perhaps. For now, however, you are focused on ensuring that what flesh remains to you can pick up the slack in the meantime. At the least, you are making significant progress.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">---------------------------------------------​</div> <br/>
It is good that you selected a Master of the Fleet beforehand, and it is thanks to Hadrian at all that you are able to collect the information you require. The news is…not fantastic. The ships that are viable and not viable you are aware of, but you were unsure of just how to solve the problem. The Blood Ravens do not actually possess a shipyard in system, instead making use of your allies at the Forgeworld designated Zerann 52X1, of whom you actually have a close agreement with due to some Blood Ravens even now being on one of their Explorator Missions, which you had not been aware of. It was locked, this mission, under the authority of the Secret Masters of whom there are none now. That secret order within the Chapter is no more, according to its handful of surviving members, and not even they could recall just why the file was locked.<br/>
<br/>
More importantly, you have learned just how many Drop Pods are missing, along with ammo stocks and the cost of such damages. Hadrian confers with Martellus, and bring back the news. The ships you have are salvageable, but it will take time to tow them to Zerann. As in, due to their inability to travel through the warp for any long period of time and the sheer damage dealt to them, at least two years just to <i>get</i> them to Zerann. Even then, the cost may be immense, though if you are lucky you may be able to work out some form of equivalent exchange with the Forgeworld. Given your own production capacity, it is highly likely that it will have to be the former. You are not personally opposed to aiding the Adeptus Mechanicus, but it <i>would</i> be quite a demand on your Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
Additionally, through astropath communications Hadrian has discussed with Zevran 52X1’s current Archmagos Bertrand Orior about commissioning full on replacement ships and what it would cost to do so.<br/>
<br/>
<b>All Damaged Fleet Ships Require Forgeworld Facilities To Be Repaired. <br/>
Damage Cost: 12,050 BP of Exchange To Repair All (Can Be Paid Over Time, Will Repair Ships According To That Amount) OR Through Favor Exchanges</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Battle Barge <i>Scientia Est Potentia </i>– 5,000 BP</b> –2 Major Favors, 2 Minor Favors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Strike Cruiser - <i>The Great Father's Fist</i> – 2400 BP</b> – 1 Major Favor, 2 Minor Favors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Strike Cruiser - <i>The Howling Hatred</i>– 2450 BP </b>– 1 Major Favor, 1 Minor Favor</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><b>Strike Cruiser - <i>Burning Seeker </i>– 2200 BP</b> – 1 Major Favor, 1 Minor Favor</li>
</ul><b>[As in, pay 500 BP, repair 500 BP of damage that turn until ship repaired]<br/>
Zevran 52X1 Ship Prices Added To Front Page<br/>
</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">--------------------------------------------------------------<br/>​</div>You yourself never had the honor of being in the Deathwatch, but that does not preclude you from having relations with them. With the aid of Cyrus and your new Chief Librarian searching through the meticulous and incredibly thorough records of the Librarium you search for what brothers remain to you outside of the Chapter itself. Those who are on assignment with one of Zerann 52X1’s Explorator Missions are one thing, but those of your brothers who have been in the Deathwatch are another.<br/>
<br/>
Kyras assumed leadership of the Chapter over two centuries ago, but was a member of it for far longer. You’ve purged all those traitor Blood Ravens who were present in the here and now, but you are less certain on those who were outside of Subsector Aurelia during the Third Aurelian Crusade. Questions of how far his influence spread will plague you likely for the rest of your life, whether it was his dealings with other organizations in the Imperium or with who knows what else. Still, you must banish such thoughts while you review those out on assignment.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Chaplain Uther Volkoss</u> is, by your reckoning, the last living member of the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company before the Third Aurelian Crusade claimed their lives in the brutal purge fighting. His company was largely loyalist, but those of the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> who were traitors planted bombs at numerous locations amongst the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet which claimed those same loyal lives as well as their supply of Gene-Seed. According to the records, he began his Vigil in the year 900.M41 at Watch Fortress Oertha, and his time of return was originally slated for the conclusion of the first decade of the new millennium. His records further note that he was, when he left, a staunch proponent of battling the forces of Chaos in excess of what Kyras allowed, perhaps that is why he left? Reports from the Deathwatch of his progress indicate that he is a skilled and welcomed addition, having crushed numerous Tau incursions onto the embattled world where his Watch Station is. Also, by your inquiries, the Deathwatch is requesting that he <i>remain</i> at Oertha until the Tau are finally defeated. [+Toughness, Black Dervish]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Epistolary Vaikos Adracus</u> is one of the last members of the original 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. This…is not a good thing, necessarily. Almost the totality of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company had been corrupted by the time of the Third Aurelian Crusade. Worse, his Vigil began a comparatively short time ago, meaning that the question of loyalty regarding him is quite nebulous indeed. At the same time, he is an extremely powerful Librarian in direct combat both physical and psychic though notes indicate that he actually had a slight deficiency in the foresight and veil piercing abilities most usually prized by your Librarum. And Kyras <i>was</i> a master at hiding his own true nature until it was almost too late…but regardless, you now have your information. He, like Brother Volkoss, is stationed at Watch Fortress Oertha and has been requested to extend his vigil beyond 50.M42 when he was slated to return in order to beat back the damndable Tau. [+Strength, Psychic Devastation]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Tomb-Brother Palkair</u> on the other hand, is well known to you. Interred in a dreadnought over three centuries before Kyras even <i>joined</i> the Blood Ravens all that time ago, he is a venerable ancient of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. Brother Palkair received his mortal wounds in the 8<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade and was interred in an incredible and holy Ironclad-pattern Dreadnought. He would serve the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company with great distinction for several centuries until the last of his ‘generation’ as it were amongst the Chapter finally died or were interred in dreadnoughts themselves. Ever since that point, Brother Palkair would be harder and harder to awaken until finally he could not be roused for over a thousand years. This changed when the last of his brothers – also interred in a dreadnought – was slain in the year 700.M41, whereupon Palkair demanded the right to serve with the Deathwatch presumably forever out of grief. He is the absolute oldest Blood Raven alive, and currently resides at Watch Fortress Erioch where by the records of the Ordo Xenos that you are granted access to he has been a welcome ally against the eternal Xeno threat. He is also the only Blood Raven alive to have been a native of the planet Aurelia before it was sucked into the Warp for a thousand years. [Eldest Blood Raven, Ironclad Dreadnought]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Brother Micheal Castigon</u> is an experienced Devastator Marine of the 6<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company who was ascended from a regular battle brother to a full Kill Team Leader while part of the Deathwatch. The 6<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company was, however, almost entirely traitorous though that is not saying much considering the fact that it was one of those Companies that was obliterated in the Kaurava Campaign due to Captain Boreale’s usage of the Steel Rain tactic against the now eternal foe of the Chapter who Captain Thule faced in the Dark Crusade – Gorgutz 'Ead 'Unter. Even so, Brother Castigon joined the Deathwatch before that Campaign occurred…though regardless he has no specifically stated time of return. There is no stated reason for that, which is somewhat suspicious. His Vigil at Watch Fortress Phaedas began in 950.M41 has led, by reports on his progress, to face many a dark and twisting thing in the Jericho Reach. [+Ballistic Skill, Slayer Of The Dark]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Brother Uriel Hamul</u> is, as Epistolary Adracus, one of the last surviving members of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. An Assault Marine, he was a veteran indeed and unlike Epistolary Adracus is known to Apollo personally from when Apollo was stationed as the Captain of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. It was by Apollo’s personal recommendation after becoming the Captain of the Honor Guard that Brother Hamul give his services to the Deathwatch after he expressed dissatisfaction with how Kyras had commanded the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company to refrain from many a battle in favor of other Companies. A little battle lust is not a bad thing for a battle brother to possess, though it can be tipped over easily. Like Volkoss and Adracus he is stationed at Watch Fortress Oertha, and like them he has been requested by the Deathwatch to remain at Oertha to battle against the Tau who crumble easily against his methods of attack – by which that means melee. If your permission in this is not granted it is possible that he would return in 5.M42, not too long a time. [+Agility, The Eager Killer]<br/>
<br/>
The Chapter is incredibly weak at the moment, and could likely benefit from the experience of such Blood Ravens, but at the moment their participation in the operations of the Ordo Xenos is the only thing keeping that same Ordo from regarding you as the Ordo Malleus and Ordo Hereticus. What you do next…will require some concentrated thought.</div>
  </body>
</html>