<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Sixteen)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Sixteen)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Attempt Landing Now<br/>
-[] Landing Zone 2: A midway point between the Toxic Wastes and the New Meridian Hives, the daemons washed through here swiftly on their way towards bigger masses of humanity. There are less anti-orbital defenses online to deal with, but the forces of New Meridian sent some troops here to reinforce those that are still active. The Blood Ravens would have to deal with both to allow the Imperial Guard and Inquisitorial Stormtroopers to begin landing. It would be somewhat risky to land the ship here, as they would likely not be able to lift off again due to surrounding anti-orbital defenses, but full deployment would be possible.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
The decision was made, the teleportariums readied. What forces the Blood Ravens had assembled upon them, waiting there for the moment of transition. There was no point in holding back anyone. The 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company were joined by their leadership, Captain Tarkus, Chapter Master Angelos, and Chief Librarian Justinian Probalis. So too were the various now oversized squads, cobbled together from survivors, joined by the remainder of the Librarius as well. Teleporting was never a zero-risk maneuver, and already some Blood Ravens had been lost to the Warp as a result of earlier events despite technically successfully being teleported. Below, New Meridian, choked with smog and anarchy and heretics, slowly rotated as a tide of daemons swept down upon it.<br/>
<br/>
Rather inauspiciously, a single servitor was granted the rare right to speak across the whole of the Chapter’s command vox.<br/>
<br/>
“<i>Litany of </i>Fury teleportarium arrays Primus and Secundus have been activated. All non-deploying personnel, evacuate teleportarium chambers. Canticles of safety enacted. Canticles of deployment begun: transition in five…,”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel looked to Justinian, who simply nodded back. Though his bionics were not yet fully repaired, he still yet was a space marine who could fight. As were all of their battle brothers, many still bearing newly sutured wounds and suffering from minute blood loss. The only Blood Raven who would not be deploying would be Apollo, still locked into an intensive bout of suspended animation that was keeping him alive.<br/>
<br/>
“Four…,”<br/>
<br/>
Codicier Aeneas muttered a benediction of purpose and zeal, his force sword glowing brighter as he did so.<br/>
<br/>
“Three…,”<br/>
<br/>
Sergeant Stromahn, last leader of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company alive now that his friend and brother-sergeant had died fighting Mortirex, inhaled deeply and rechecked his ammo counter for the assault cannon once more.<br/>
<br/>
“Two…,”<br/>
<br/>
Captain Thule was motionless, both his body as it floated in the fluids of his sarcophagus, and the sarcophagus itself. His mind was swamped in shadow, and as ever he struggled to push back against it. The tyranid toxin had long been successfully excised from his system, but he still yet felt its acidic burning touch in his mind. It was, perhaps, a terrible irony that such phantom pains could invigorate him, though just as often the anguish drove him to mindless depths. This, however, would be the former. He twitched, and felt satisfied by the readouts from the multi-melta.<br/>
<br/>
“One. May the Emperor watch over you.”<br/>
<br/>
And then there was light. Madness. Screams. Horror.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Going Down: 74</b><br/>
<br/>
Within the defensive complexes built around three separate defense laser stations that were still operational, the Blood Ravens appeared in eye-searing eruptions of thunder and light. Almost all of them bore new claw marks on their armor. Some appeared in the air, at least ten feet up, and had to prepare themselves for the impact as gravity reasserted itself. Davian Thule shifted his weight, sensors detecting a simply massive gash that had appeared on the rear of his sarcophagus that had come dangerously close to severing the power connectors to the multi-melta, which might have resulted in a fatal overload. Somehow, every single remaining terminator of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company had been separated from one another, despite assembling in a tight formation in the teleportarium. Some within guard houses filled with Vandis troopers, and three outside in the wasteland outside the compounds themselves.<br/>
<br/>
There was no hesitation.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Landing Zones: 89 vs. 46</b><br/>
<br/>
Facing them, in all directions, were the troops of New Meridian. Sensors and eyes alike fell upon the enemy, noting down all that was possible in those less-than-heartbeats. These troopers were somewhat equipped much like the naval armsmen that had served the Chaos ships, with most covered in flak armor. On the other hand, many of them bore plasma guns, grenade launchers, and combat shotguns. These troopers took in the new arrivals, full body armors concealing their expressions but not their body language of shock and surprise. It was this which allowed the Blood Ravens to reap a bloody toll in the first moments, bolters and heavy weapons firing at close range. Gates and heavy weapon emplacements that were normally pointed outwards were targeted by the dreadnoughts, plasma and melta beams turning them to slag, as well as those manning them that had begun frantically trying to turn them around.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Landing Zones: 84 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
The walls of one defense laser compound shattered as a trio of terminators broke it down with their power fists. At another, a cyclone missile launcher salvo eradicated an entire group of rallying guards with plasma guns that had seared chunks of armor out of a number of 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company marines who had just barely managed to avoid being killed outright. Gabriel Angelos brought his daemon-hammer down upon a chimera tank, the explosion shifting it to the side slightly and ruining the aim of the gunner manning its multi-las cupola installment. A blast of flame from Kaius Jacobus killed the gunner, a handful of seconds of pointing his flamer through the now empty cupola into the troop compartment killed the rest. Grenades meant to supply the whole of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and more were thrown, one after another, turning bunkers into charnel houses and armored defenses into shattered ruins.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Landing Zones: 54 vs. 84</b><br/>
<br/>
Whether it was desperation, the unexpected amount of heavy weapons capable of dealing damage to space marines, or a strength lent by the Dark Gods, the defending troopers put up an absolutely ferocious defense the further into the compounds the Blood Ravens penetrated. The result was never in doubt, of course, but the fact of the matter was that several Lexicanum, not normally meant for such open combat, suffered notable wounds that required them to be pulled back from the fighting to be tended to by the apothecaries. Brother Gaius, of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, was assaulted by a number of suicide troopers wearing vests full of krak grenades, wounding the veteran and heavily damaging his armor enough for him to be rendered incapable of combat for the foreseeable future. Brother Julius, of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, was ambushed as he hunted down the last of a platoon of Vandis troopers by a trio of men who had carried a heavy bolter together to fire upon him. The resulting wounds resulted in him falling into suspended animation, and it was highly likely he would require dreadnought internment.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, however, the defiance of the troops of New Meridian could not hold off the Blood Ravens forever. They fell back until they could fall back no longer, and then died in their holdout positions. Attempts to detonate the reactors of the defense lasers, such things meant to allow las blasts to strike into space itself, failed only because the Blood Ravens reached such saboteurs-to-be before they could accomplish their tasks. Tallies were made of the dead, the living, and the wounded. The fight, however, was not yet done. The defense lasers were the biggest threats to the actual ships above. And though there were a number of batteries of hydra flak tanks – yet another proof that Vandis had long been utilizing Angel Forge for themselves – within the defense laser compounds, there were smaller vehicle parks and artillery bases spread throughout the immediate region. So long as those remained, thunderhawks, drop pods, and Valkyrie transports would not be safe to utilize, their anti-air envelop covering miles and miles.<br/>
<br/>
“You have your targets, brothers, move out!” Gabriel ordered, placing his helmet over his head.<br/>
<br/>
The Toxic Wastes were well named. The gasses that rose up from the crevices in the earth of the area of much of the planet were dangerous not simply to the lungs, but to the very skin. Centuries and centuries of industrial waste and sewage dumping out of the hive had transformed what was already an inhospitable place to one that was outright hostile to life in general. Only the secure tunnels and high-walled and shielded compounds with their airlocks were safe from it – and thus the environment itself became yet another defensive implement in the arsenal of the defenders of New Meridian. This had always been the assumption. Even the cybernetic monstrosities that the planet’s acolytes of the Omnissiah – the true Omnissiah , the hereteks would insist – had been tested and many times been found wanting against the wastes before centuries of improvement. In the always assumed potential for attack, the tunnels could be closed, opened to the wastes themselves, or blocked off with void shields that could obscure whole portions of the defense laser network.<br/>
<br/>
Furthermore, House Vandis had stolen from none other than the Blood Ravens themselves and had fought against them in the 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Aurelian Crusade.<br/>
<br/>
They were not foolish enough to think that the Blood Ravens would not eventually come for them. To be sure, they had not imagined the Blood Ravens would be so weakened after their trials and tribulations to be left with but two understrength companies with which to try and fulfill their inevitable vengeful impulses, but many had proclaimed it a blessing of the Dark Gods.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Outer Emplacements: 35 vs. 48</b><br/>
<br/>
Nevertheless, they had not quite expected the Blood Ravens to go around the blocked off tunnels, and instead simply trudge through the wastes themselves. Acidic sludge sizzled and popped against ceramite, enveloping many marines all the way up to the head, but such was the speed of the space marines that it was not given the time to eat all the way through. Mines and detonation packs into rapidly dug holes breached the compounds from below, while a trio of dreadnoughts simply stomped out of the poison mist to unleash their multi-meltas and missile launchers are close range and blow their way in. Unlike before, however, they had heard the distress calls of the defense laser compounds, and thus were prepared for the Blood Ravens – as much as one could be. Ceramite glowed, was chipped, pitted, and in some cases broken, but by that point the Blood Ravens were already largely in.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Outer Emplacements: 40 vs. 55</b><br/>
<br/>
Explosive shells were pumped into the space marines from shotguns as they approached. Heavy bolter weapons teams had shifted about in advance for the Blood Ravens, turning corridors into kill zones. Armories had been broken open, and every explosive possible had been prepared. At some of the batteries, the flak tanks had swiveled about to turn their eviscerating fire upon the Blood Ravens, the firepower meant to punch through aircraft certainly capable of making it past ceramite in most cases. Mines, hastily deployed, blocked off areas for a time before purposeful attacks detonated them from afar. Missile launchers fired down range exploded with enough force to send shrapnel flying into power armor, while volleys from grenade launchers proved enough to knock some of the marines off their feet entirely before they could extricate themselves from such targeted zones.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Outer Emplacements: 75 vs. 28</b><br/>
<br/>
Doggedly, however, the Blood Ravens came on. Many of them bled, many of them ignored their broken or fractured bones, and came on regardless. Combat knifes cut, power fists crackled and tore, and soon enough the Blood Ravens brought their own heavy weapons to bear. Where bolters did not suffice, storm bolters and assault cannons would. Where normal frag grenades did not break the enemy, missile launchers, flamers, and cyclone salvoes did. Before the dreadnoughts, none of the enemy were safe, their claws and multi-meltas rendering all impotent before them. Though it would be noted in the aftermath that Tomb-Brother Nathan had suffered several missile strikes, nearly cracking through his armor, and severely damaging the machinery of his legs – forcing him into intensive maintenance afterwards – though certainly his insistence on continuing to fight until the enemy stopped only more severely impacted such damage.<br/>
<br/>
Until finally, finally, the last of the emplacements was taken or destroyed.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel gazed upon his Blood Ravens, and their many wounds, and closed his eyes in quiet reverence as the apothecaries saw to the retrieval of battle-brother’s Horatius and Magnus’ gene-seed.<br/>
<br/>
“Angelos to all. Landing zone secured. Monitoring of enemy communications shows that they are aware we’ve taken the area, but they are still trying to determine the correct response.”<br/>
<br/>
“Understood. We will begin landing troops immediately,” Colonel Gabriel Derosa answered immediately.<br/>
<br/>
“Stormtroopers will be descending to secure the area,” Captain Carlyle announced. “Until the Inquisitor awakens, that is as far as I am willing to push my authority over them – they shall keep the landing zones defended throughout the deployment process.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel nodded at the news, though of course neither of them could see.<br/>
<br/>
“Admiral Graves, keep us informed if you see any major movements from orbit.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
A familiar presence made itself known, the clogging gasses and stinking air pushed away with a minor effort of will as Justinian approached.<br/>
<br/>
“And what of us?” Justinian asked, the arching of his eyebrows suggested only in his voice with his face concealed. “We can defend the landing zone now until the Imperial Guard have fully finished landing…or try and make punitive scouting efforts into the hives.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel tilted his head back and forth.<br/>
<br/>
“Perhaps, Justinian. We might also work to secure the tunnels leading to the hives proper, rather than advancing ourselves alone.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see.”<br/>
<br/>
The Chief Librarian shook his head and glanced north to the hives they spoke of.<br/>
<br/>
“This planet reeks of Chaos and the whispers of daemons are constant – I suspect that is true even on days when there isn’t a massive tear in the Warp. I had thought to try and find Vandis through that…morass, but it is like looking for a particular piece of excrement in a sea of it. It all blends together far too easily…purposefully, I’d say.”<br/>
<br/>
“Would that we could simply destroy this world from orbit,” Gabriel grunted, looking away, “Vandis could too easily slip away, however. Into the Warp, most likely, where we could not reach him.”<br/>
<br/>
“We could attempt to blockade the gravity reef from the outside,” Justinian replied, though his heart was not in the argument.<br/>
<br/>
“And be unsurprised when the innards of this system becomes a Warp Storm, or this celestial wreckage transforms into some sort of Daemonworld, or any manner of monstrosity, able to pump through an endless tide of daemons through the gravity reef, forcing us to try and send our ships back through the shifting tunnels and do…nothing effectual, all without ending Vandis for certain,” Gabriel shook his head. “No. There are too many possibilities of these slaves to the Dark Gods reversing our efforts here, possibilities that will not halt until we have definitively dealt with Vandis, one way or another.”<br/>
<br/>
He had faced the vagaries of Chaos too many times over, in too many horrifying shapes and methods, to ever think otherwise. <br/>
<br/>
“I know,” Justinian said, a quirk to his lips. “Just making sure you knew that.”<br/>
<br/>
“You wouldn’t simply read my mind for it?”<br/>
<br/>
Justinian splayed his fingers against the blue armor of his breastplate.<br/>
<br/>
“Angelos. You know I would not cause issue to the sanctity of my fellow battle brother’s minds without cause.”<br/>
<br/>
A humorless smile managed to make its way across Gabriel’s lips as he turned to face the Blood Ravens before him.<br/>
<br/>
“Blood Ravens, hear me!”<br/>
<br/>
<u>Chapter Master Choices For Blood Raven Deployment</u><br/>
<i>Moratorium For 3 Hours - Note, you do not have to allocate all Blood Ravens to a single choice, you can pick and choose. </i><br/>
[] Dedicate Forces To Defending Landing Zone Until Imperial Guard Finish Deploying (Write-In Forces Allocated)<br/>
[] Dedicate Forces To Securing Tunnels Heading Towards Cross-Continental Hive (Write-In Forces Allocated)<br/>
[] Dedicate Forces To Advanced Recon/Scouting Of Cross-Continental Hive<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury [Minor Damage]<br/>
2 Escorts (1 Gladius, 1 Hunter Destroyer) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed, Shield Arrays At 15%, Extreme Hull Damage] <b>DANGER: Litany of Fury will require significant attentions at a Mechanicus Shipyard for repairs. Any notable damage may disable ship in permanency. </b><br/>
SC Rage of Erudition [Minor Damage]<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist [Minor Damage]<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova) [Minor Damage]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces Capable of Combat:</u><br/>
9 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+10 Codiciers, 2 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
35 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 2 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>15 5th Company Marines Moderately Wounded But Combat Capable<br/>
<br/>
Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Apothecaries/Tech-Priests Working On Below</u><br/>
2 Codiciers Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
8 Lexicanum Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
1 Tomb-Brother Nathan Too Damaged To Fight In Next Phase Of Battle<br/>
1 1st Company Marine Too Wounded To Fight In Next Phase Of Batttle<br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (+2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (+18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (+50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (+10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
3 5th Company Marines (6 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor/Troop Transport Compliment Down By 90%, Bomber Compliment At 100%)<br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
4 Frigates (Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<b>All Void Armsmen Utilized In Boarding Lost (Remaining Void Armsmen Now Depleted To Severely Understrength Levels)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [1 Regiment's Worth of Casualties Evenly Spread Amongst The 5 Infantry Regiments]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [1/3 Casualties Sustained]</li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified) (Moderate Damage)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
6 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Dozens of Hydra Flak Tanks And Anti-Aircraft Specced Manticore Tanks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 Soul-Tortured Defense Monitor Cruisers [800,000~ Crew Total]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">115,000~ New Meridian Vandian Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3,003,000~ New Meridian Vandian Guard</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">12,000,000~ New Meridian Conscripts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000,000~ New Meridian Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">500,000~ Saharduin (Piscean Warriors, Alien Crew Members, Engineer Caste, Blood Shamans, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reaverlord Carnax, Khornate Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Grand Hunter Hraxe, Slaaneshi Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Admiral Maximilian Vandis, New Meridian Defense Fleet Commander</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">New Meridian Defense Defense Fleet: Estimated Crews At 10,000,000 (Including All Ships, Orbital Stations, Shipyard)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Masters of Forge-Hives, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>