<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>On Detachment/Assignment/Exile</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>On Detachment/Assignment/Exile</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><u>On Penitent Crusade</u>:<br/>
<b><u><i><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)"><span style="font-size: 1.625rem">NOTE: YOU CANNOT SEND AID IN ANY FORM WHATSOEVER TO THE PENITENT CRUSADE. NONE. NO SHIPS. NO MARINES. NO FUEL. NO KIND WORDS. THE CRUSADE ENDS AND THEY COME HOME, OR IT ENDS AND THEY ARE DEAD. THESE ARE THE ONLY TWO OPTIONS.</span></span></i></u></b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Penitent Crusade of Aramus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Strike Cruiser [Vanguard Refit] -  <i>Retribution </i><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[20/28] Hangar Compliment: x10 Thunderhawk Gunships, x10 Thunderhawk Transporters</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Blood Raven Gene-Seed On Vessel: 0 [43 Currently Being Transported By Others]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">On-Board Forge Systems: 60BP/Turn [15/Turn Relegated To Personal Use of Senior Techmarine Sarrelen] [Remainder used for maintenance/upkeep of war material]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Modifications to various ship systems have been observed that go beyond base design specifications:<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Retribution</i> has displayed increased engine output of estimated 10% to 12% higher than base Zerann 52X1 design specifications.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Retribution</i> has displayed weapon array damage output of estimated 10% to 15% higher than base Zerann 52X1 design specifications.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Retribution </i>seems to have converted multiple hangar sections into billets for non-astartes personnel, fully blocking them off with hull plating modifications.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Retribution</i> is confirmed to have obtained or otherwise gained additional armor plating and advanced void shield systems, likely as a result of close-relations to the Forge Worlds of Mordax Prime and Kentrael. This may also be related to years of accompaniment by of Salamander marines.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Retribution</i> appears to have granted use of internal ship berths meant for Chapter/Company and crew over to non-astartes personnel for safer berthing, returning Hangar Bay to full potential capabilities, while gaining new Thunderhawks from Forge World Mordax Prime with Sororitas Pilots to operate them. Forge World Kentrael has publicly volunteered many Enginseers to supplement the crew of the ship, assisting in maintenance and repair efforts for the strike cruiser.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>Mission: Penitent Crusade Within/Around The Eye Of Terror Until Death or 100 Years Have Passed. Crusade Began In 988.M41 Completion in 088.M42<br/>
<br/>
<b>Notation Primaris: May possess Relics of the Chapter beyond what is currently recorded, having been made to depart on Penitent Crusade by order of then-Captain Angelos before the Purge of the Chapter occurred.</b><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Known Notable Battles/Deeds Of Penitents In General Chronological Order</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Cadia, Cadian Sector</b><br/>
- Battle Of The Bloody Hill<br/>
- Defense Of Kasr Durend<br/>
<b>Fortress World Vigilatum, Cadian Sector</b><br/>
- Vigilatum Rear Guard Rescue<br/>
<b>Fortress World Kasr Sonnen, Cadian Sector</b><br/>
- Ambush And Destruction of Angels of Extermination<br/>
<b>Forge World Mordax Prime, Scarus Sector</b><br/>
- Slaying Of Green Kroosade Leading Warlord<br/>
- Liberation Of Mordax Prime<br/>
<b>Civilized World Malin's Reach, Agripinaa Secto</b>r<br/>
- Iron Warriors Armor Column Assault<br/>
<b>Hive World Tabor, Agripinaa Sector</b><br/>
- Salamander Detachment Rescue<br/>
<b>Scarus Sector</b><br/>
- Green Kroosade Mop Up Operations<br/>
- Chaos Cult Extermination In Eustis Majoris (Hive World) Underhive<br/>
- Night Lord Terror Squad Hunt On Rigyion (Civilized World)<br/>
- Fallen Warhound Titan Group Recovery On Malinte (Armory World)<br/>
- Space Marine Rescue And Recovery Operations<br/>
<b>Civilized World Amistel Majoris, Agripinaa Sector</b><br/>
- Battle Of Ironwrought<br/>
- Defense Of Strike Cruiser Retribution While In Orbit From Ambush<br/>
- Blood Valley Supply Convoy Escort<br/>
- Assault Of Traitor Guard-held Fortress Antioch Tertius<br/>
- Defense Of Antioch Tertius<br/>
- Defense Of Listening Post Vermillion-688<br/>
- Defense Of Antioch Secundus<br/>
- Siege/Reclamation Of Rubico Starport<br/>
<b>Thracian Primaris System, Scarus Sector</b><br/>
- Mordax Prime Orbital Defense Against Black Legion Cruisers <i>Bloodshrike</i>, <i>Cackling Hate</i> And <i>Azrubael</i><br/>
- Hive World Gudrun Orbital Defense Against Greenskin Raiders<br/>
- Hive Word Gudrun Planetary Surface Defense Against Chaos Cult Uprising<br/>
- Hive World Gudrun Killing of Chaos Sorcerer Hyrdax<br/>
- Greenskin Purge on Mordax Prime<br/>
<b>Scelus Subsector</b><br/>
- Defense Against Sons of Malice Crusade<br/>
<b>Planet Cadia, Cadian System, Cadian Sector</b><br/>
- 2nd Defense Of Kasr Durend<br/>
- Extermination of Chaos Warband 'The Dread Shadow' And Its Leader: Chaos Sorcerer Abilsin of the Black Legion<br/>
- 3rd Defense of Kasr Durend<br/>
- Boarding And Destruction of Iron Warriors Battleship <i>Ashen Vindication</i><br/>
- 4th Defense of Kasr Durend, Slaying of Chaos Lord Tyrik Slaughterfist<br/>
<b>Planet Korolis, Cadian System</b><br/>
- Planetary Defense of High Value Structures (Atomic Material Production, Promethium Extraction/Refinement, Imperial Guard Outposts, Etc.) Alongside the Angels of Vigilance 1st Company<br/>
<b>Cadian Sector</b><br/>
- Hunt for Endross, Destruction of the Exquisite Blade Kabal of Dark Eldar<br/>
<b>Agrippina Sector</b><br/>
- Notable Participant in Reclamation of Agrippina Sector, Multiple Acts of Valor/Heroism<br/>
<b>Cadian Sector</b><br/>
- Defense of Cardinal World Xersia, Contesting Death Guard Forces, Banishment of Great Unclean One Pestilax the Despairer<br/>
- Defense of Forge World Kentrael, Destruction of Traitor Iron Skulls Titan Legion and other Dark Mechanicus forces.<br/>
- Cleansing of Mining World Clauseten<br/>
- 7th Defense of Kasr Durend, Total Destruction of Gorehands Warband, Slaying of Chaos Lord Gracchus Gorehand<br/>
- Defending Against Ambush of Strike Cruiser <i>Retribution </i>while traveling through Cadian System by Contortionists of the Needle Warband of Chaos Space Marines, Counter-Boarding enemy strike cruiser and destroying Warband.<br/>
- Notable Participant In Reclamation of Fortress World Kasr Sonnen, Most Notable Deeds Include Destruction of Chaos Battleship <i>Magnificence of Apostasy</i> and defeat of summoned Bloodthirster Hazkanar<br/>
<b>Planet Cadia</b><br/>
- Defense of Kasr Trunch/Defense of Kasr Rantik/Defense of Kasr Soliq, Defeat of Daemon Prince Veritak<br/>
<b>Cadian Sector</b><br/>
- Defense of Cardinal World Sabena<br/>
- Major Participants In Ordo Malleus Operation - Silencing The Lord Ravager. Death of Abbadon's Chosen credited to Blood Raven killing blows.<br/>
<b>Belis Corona Sector</b><br/>
- Dual Daemonic Defeat at Subiaco Diablo - Brought low the Daemon Primarch Angron and banished him alongside the Sisters of Silence and numerous other Imperial forces. Pict-recordings have shown the beginning, middle, and end of the Force Commander's act of superb defiance.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Librarius Notations Of Imperial Observations</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">- For Record Purposes, as of 004.M42 the personage list is edited to reflect the events of the Bloody Hill. Further edits may come later, or not.<br/>
- 009.M42: Observations and notes by Imperial forces in the Cadian theater of war have allowed for a more updated set of records on the Penitent Crusade.<br/>
- 025.M42: Strike Cruiser <i>Retribution</i> was sighted deploying within the worst crisis areas within the Agripinaa, Cadian, and Belis Corona Sectors. Here, survivors of a Salamanders Company are recovered.<br/>
- 040.M42: Strike Cruiser <i>Retribution</i> was sighted, heavily damaged, over the world of Amistel Majoris with forces deployed on-world.<br/>
- 050.M42: Strike Cruiser <i>Retribution</i> was sighted over the world of Mordax Prime in the Scarus Sector, undergoing repairs for nearly crippling amounts of damage. Aligned forces were sighted travelling on transports across the Thracian Primaris System while the ship remained in dock for repairs.<br/>
- 060.M42: Strike Cruiser <i>Retribution </i>has once more resumed strike force operations in the Scelus Subsector in defense against the Sons of Malice.<br/>
- 062.M42: The Blood Ravens and Salamanders succeed in a crucial decapitating strike which slew Anarch Kathal, leader of the Sons of Malice.<br/>
- 063.M42: Sons of Malice totally eradicated by Blood Ravens and Salamanders after most Imperial Forces dedicated to more crucial battlefields. Space marines of Raptors recalled by Chapter Master. Current location or deployment unknown to Inquisition. Storm Troopers on-board are requisitioned by the Ordo Malleus for [CLASSIFIED]<br/>
- 064.M42: New Salamanders and Sisters of Battle sighted within <i>Retribution </i>strike forces as they deploy across the Cadian Sector, the latter are suspected to be survivors of destroyed Sororitas battle groups.<br/>
- 065.M42: <i>Retribution</i> Strike Force repeatedly deploys over Fortress World Cadia. Killing of Black Legion Sorcerer Abilsin and destruction of Warband 'The Dread Shadow'. Killing of World Eater Chaos Lord Tyrik Slaughterfist. Departed Cadia.<br/>
- 065.M42-070.M42: Fighting alongside 1st Company of Angels of Vigilance Chapter defending vital atomic material production, promethium extraction and refining, and transport hub facilities from Black Legion and Alpha Legion forces on the planet of Korolis within the Cadian System.<br/>
- 070.M42-073.M42: Joined Angels of Vigilance Chapter in hunt for Exquisite Blade Dark Eldar Kabal for revenge after depopulation of Pervigilium, Angels of Vigilance Homeworld. Hunted Kabal across Cadian Sector. Joined Reclamation of Agrippina Sector as Kabal had fled there. Hunted Kabal down, aided in reclamation of 'Artifact of Vulkan' cognomen 'Song of Entropy' [SEE ATTACHED FILES] Reportedly made close contact with Adeptus Custodes and Salamander Chapter Leadership.<br/>
- 074.M42: Joined the defense of Cardinal World Xersia alongside massive detachment of the Adeptas Sororitas against first Black Legion, then Death Guard forces supplemented heavily by cultist armies and daemons. Most notable act came from the sacrifice of Librarian Konan Barbariel in banishing Greater Daemon of Nurgle, Pestilax the Despairer, see [REDACTED] and [ATTACHED FILES]. Librarian now being hailed as holy martyr by three Ordos Majoris of the Sisters of Battle, possibly named as new Saint of Xersia for deed.<br/>
- 074.M42: Fought in the defense of Forge World Kentrael as it was under assault by Dark Mechanicus forces and armies of corrupted mechanical abominations and twisted skitarii. Notably contributed by destroying the Traitor Titan Legion of the Iron Skulls and their ships. New Sororitas Auxiliaries Noted Present, Palatine Katicia has been promoted to Canoness Commander. Forge World Mordax has allocated more Myrmidon Tech-Priests to the <i>Retribution</i>'s auxiliaries.<br/>
- 074.M42: Participated in the Cleansing of Mining World Clauseten, eradicating the teeming mutated hordes left behind by Fabius Bile's abominable work. Planet reclaimed, mines reactivated in service to the Imperium for its war efforts.<br/>
- 074.M42: Participated in what is officially designated as 7th Defense of Kasr Durend of Planet Cadia for 13th Black Crusade. Massive Chaos assault, spearheaded by all eight companies of the Gorehands Warband of Chaos Space Marines [formerly Brazen Spears Chapter]. Weeks of heavy fighting resulted in severe casualties amongst Imperial forces, but zero fatalities were suffered by Penitent Crusade forces or their auxiliaries despite becoming visibly lynchpin of defense efforts. Chaos Lord Gracchus Gorehand [formerly Chapter Master Gracchus Imperis] personally slain by Force Commander Aramus in duel.<br/>
-074.M42: Chaos ritual disrupts warp travel and <i>Retribution</i> systems. Slaanesh-oriented Chaos Space Marine Warband 'Contortionists of the Needle' ambush and board strike cruiser. Crew fights back, counter-boards enemy Strike Cruiser, destroy it. Champion of Chaos Namus slain in single combat by Canoness Katicia. <i>Retribution</i> later seen over Forge World Kentrael receiving repairs and volunteer tech-priest supplementary crew for ship.<br/>
-075.M42: Participated in Reclamation of Kasr Sonnen, Fortress-World controlled by forces of Chaos for past five years after defenders faltered. Multiple targets struck, retaken, destroyed, etc. Multiple notables destroyed - Pariahs of Gold Slaaneshi Cult/ The Corroded Nurglite Chaos Space Marine Warband/Immortal Faithful Chaos Space Marine Warband/Chaos Battleship <i>Magnificence of Apostasy</i>/Khornate Daemonic Horde/Slaaneshi Daemonic Horde/Nurglite Daemonic Horde/Tzeentchian Daemonic Horde/Bloodthirster 'Hazkanar'/Blighted Ones Nurglite Chaos Space Marine Warband.<br/>
-075.M42: Fighting in the 075.M42 defense efforts against the 'The Malevolent Advance' of the Despoiler's Forces on Planet Cadia across hundreds of miles of defensive lines. Sighted fighting the forces of Chaos at Kasr Trunch, then Kasr Rantik, then Kasr Soliq. Credited for destruction of Fangs of Apocalypse Chaos Space Marine Warband/Destruction of Twilight Bringers Chaos Space Marine Warband/Rescue of Palantine Maria of the Order of the Bloody Rose from Ambush/Destruction of Discordant Chorus Slaaneshi Warband/Destruction of Makers of Ash Chaos Warband/Death of Chaos Champion Martos of the Black Legion/Rescue of Palantine Patricia of the Ebon Chalice when Trench 17421BC-Tertius Collapsed/Cleansing of Daemonic Legion of Khorne Summoned By Chaos Sorcerers At Kasr Soliq/Rescue of Inquisitor Mordecai Toth of the Ordo Malleus [REDACTED]/Defeat of Daemon Prince Veritak at Secondary Defensive Line of Kasr Soliq<br/>
-075.M42: Participated in Defense of Cardinal World Sabena [World significantly rebuilt despite being raided and razed in early days of 13th Black Crusade]. Defended multiple major shrines and cathedrals from Chaos forces alongside Sororitas troops and minor Imperial Guard complements. Defeated Major Daemonic Incursions from all Four Dark Gods. Destroyed Word Bearers Warband 'Heralds of Revelation' and slew Warband Leader: Dark Apostle Claudius. Significant amount of Sororitas auxilaries noted to be traveling with <i>Retribution</i>, representing multiple Ordos, along with increased Thunderhawk support in numbers and crews.<br/>
-075.M42: Participated in Ordo Malleus Operation - Fleet Ambush and Boarding Aagainst of Black Legion Chaos Lord Urkanthos, Commander of the Hounds of Abbadon Warband, Lord Ravager of the Chosen of Abbadon, Admiral of the Black Fleet of the Despoiler and the Black Legion. Five near-simultaneous killing strikes on Urkanthos attributed to Blood Ravens, amidst suspected beginnings of daemonic ascension. Concentrated salvo with two multi-meltas and two lascannons from Techmarine Sarrelen, headshot with custom explosive round by Scout Sergeant Nereus, headshot with krak missile by Apothecary Kogal, blow to chest by Force Commander Aramus with thunder hammer, vertical bisection by Sergeant Thaddeus with dual chainswords. Hundreds of Hounds of Abbadon Chaos Space Marines were slain and two dozen Black Fleet vessels destroyed by Ordo Malleus requisitioned assets including strike cruiser <i>Retribution</i>. Kataphron Allotment of Mordax Prime lost utterly in course of battle.<br/>
-076.M42: Participated in an operation in Subiaco Diablo orchestrated by the Warmaster Saint, designed to re-open the Belis Corona shipyards to the greater Imperium by striking a heavy blow against Warp disruption in the area and the Hive Mind by assaulting Subiaco Diablo. A major task force made up of Astartes, Sororitas, and Guardsman Regiments accompanied by the mysterious Sisters of Silence, assaults Subiaco Diablo. The Daemon Prince Bel'akor is defeated by the Daemon Primarch Angron, who is in turn defeated by the efforts of the Penitents, their allies, and the Sisters of Silence.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<u>Squad Penance-Primaris: [5/5]</u><br/>
- Force Commander Aramus Valorun [Bearing Relics: Eternal Blessed Cage, Bloody Banner of Aramus, Numerous Penitent Seals**] [Bearing Armory Items: Storm Shield and Thunder Hammer] [<s>Left Arm Replaced With Masterwork Bionics</s>] [<b>OVERALL PHYSICAL CONDITION UNKNOWN</b>] (4th Company)<br/>
- Apothecary Adrian Kogal [Bearing Relics: Laurels of the Crusader, Pistol of Terra, Final Absolution of Caliban, The Pitiless Lance of Vengeance] Possesses Sophisticated Bionics For Left Leg, Left Arm, Right Leg] (4th Company)<br/>
- Veteran Scout Sergeant Nereus (Vow of Silence) [Bearing Relics: Honored Silence, Angel of Silence, x2 Plasma Pistols] [Possesses Sophisticated Bionics For Throat, Lower Jaw] (10th Company)<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Sergeant Thaddeus Rex [Possesses Powerful Bionic Strength Enhancements] [Bearing Relics: Growling Hate/Xenosplitter, Coronet of Honor] (4th Company)  [<b>OVERALL PHYSICAL CONDITION UNKNOWN</b>]<br/>
- Senior Techmarine Sarrelen [Possesses Artificer Masterwork Bionics For Both Eyes, Both Arms] [Bearing Either Servo-Harness or Customized War Panoply**] (5th Company)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Forgeworld Mordax Aid Allotment – Vengeance-Terminus-Alpha</u><br/>
- Myrmidon Magos Dominus-Militant Thallrex-17<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Ravenna Darus<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Elgred<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Xil-Xi 12<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Paxton<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Celine<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Zazcha<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Eish Katchoum<br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Bron-Ai7<br/>
- Artisan Lionus [Leader of Non-Combatants, Protected By 2 Praetorian Servitors]<br/>
- Transmechanic Hollarn [Non-Combatant]<br/>
- Logis Aemilian [Non-Combatant]<br/>
- Rune-Priest Ngoc [Non-Combatant]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Sororitas Auxiliary Forces:</u><br/>
- Order of Our Martyred Lady<br/>
x1 Canoness Commander Katicia [Promoted from Palatine]<br/>
x2 Celestian Superior Squads<br/>
x2 Seraphim Superior Squads<br/>
x3 Dominion Squads [Promoted from Sisters of Battle]<br/>
- Order of the Bloody Rose<br/>
x1 Palantine Maria<br/>
x1 Celestian Superior Squad<br/>
x2 Dominion Squads<br/>
- Order of the Ebon Chalice<br/>
x1 Palantine Patricia<br/>
x1 Celestian Superior Squad<br/>
x2 Retributor Squads<br/>
x2 Dominion Squads<br/>
- Order of the Wounded Heart<br/>
x1 Palantine Georgina<br/>
x2 Retributor Squads<br/>
x10 Thunderhawk Transporter Pilot Teams (2 Crew Per Thunderhawk Transporter)<br/>
x10 Thunderhawk Gunship Pilot Teams (4 Crew Per Thunderhawk Gunships)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Forge World Kentrael - Supplementary Ship Personnel</u><br/>
- x50 Enginseers of Forge World Kentrael, Overseen By Enginseer Prime Opheli Gamma-4<br/>
- Unknown amount of Servitors of Forge World Kentrael<br/>
<br/>
<u>Blood Raven Vehicles:</u><br/>
<i>Drop Pods and Assault Rams Not Individually Counted</i><br/>
- 3 Razorbacks<br/>
- 1 Predator Annihilator [Twin-Linked Lascannon/Lascannon Sponsons/Extra Armor Plating] <i>Great Father's Fury</i><br/>
- 1 Deimos-Pattern Predator [Autocannon/Heavy Bolters/Extra Armor Plating] <i>Spear Of Redemption</i><br/>
- 1 Land Raider Terminus Ultra <i>Redemption By Fire</i> [2 Sponson-Mounted Twin-Linked Godhammer Lascannons/1 Twin-Linked Godhammer Lascannon Mounted On Main Hull/2 Additional Mounted Lascannons Ahead Of Sponsons/Zero Troop Transport Capacity/Advanced Generators+Capacitors]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Retribution Armory:</u><br/>
<i>Note: Possesses All Standard Issue Weaponry</i><br/>
- x12 Terminator Armor (Indominatus-Pattern)<br/>
- x1 Terminator Armory (Tartaros-Pattern)<br/>
- x13 Storm Bolters<br/>
- x38 Power Weapons (x9 Power Fists, x15 Power Swords, x10 Lightning Claw Pairs, x4 Thunder Hammers)<br/>
- x27 Plasma Guns<br/>
- x11 Plasma Pistols<br/>
- x5 Plasma Cannons<br/>
- x9 Heavy Flamer<br/>
- x11 Multi-Meltas<br/>
- x1 Missile Launcher<br/>
- x7 Assault Cannons<br/>
- x5 Lascannon<br/>
- x8 Storm Shields<br/>
- x6 Cyclone Missile Launcher [Terminator Armor Attachment]<br/>
<br/>
*Force Commander Aramus bears Penitent Seals so numerous as to be uncountable, but the most notable amongst them have been noted below.<br/>
<b>** Organs and body willed to full activation once more immediately prior to fighting at Subiaco Diablo</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Penitent Seals of Aramus</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Heart of the Just</u>:  "Death in service to the Emperor is its own reward; life in failure to Him is its own condemnation."<br/>
<u>Larraman's Atonement</u>: "His blessings are reserved for those who deserve them. I shall earn my place at His side anew." <i>Larraman Organ Willed To Partial Dormancy</i><br/>
<u>Brennen's Testimony</u>: "For we knew that to save, there would be certain pain and suffering, and all we had worked for would be placed in jeopardy, yet there was no hesitation in our decision. Indeed, it was never deemed a decision to begin with."<br/>
<u>Pilgrim's Pledge</u>: "I shall never stop, lest the enemy escape. I shall never tire, lest the enemy strike. I shall reach salvation."<br/>
<u>Purification Through Pain:</u> "Feel the limitless pain of life, lest you be seduced by the comforts of death." <i>Pain Dampening Glands Willed To Partial Dormancy</i><br/>
<u>The Unturned Blow:</u> "For each of my failings, shall I bear a scar in my flesh.<br/>
<u>Oath of the Crucible</u>: "Though I have faltered, I shall never fall. Let the crucible of fire come."<br/>
<u>Oath of Penance: </u>"I shall have no aid, no brotherhood, no succor until I atone, so swears this Penitent."<br/>
<u>Greater Oath of Penance:</u> "I swear to throw myself on to the pyre of war, to burn evermore, that I be cleansed of all impurity. Thus, should I survive, I may be returned to the path of the righteous."<br/>
<u>Oath of the Crusader</u>: "I shall neither flinch from my duty though it be terrible, nor seek rest though I grow weary; I shall neither give nor request mercy until this crusade is won."</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>** Senior Techmarine Sarrelen of the Blood Ravens appears to have crafted customized war panoply for himself for high intensity combat with the aid of the Tech-Priests of Mordax Prime, the Techmarines of the Salamanders, and the Tech-Priests of Kentrael.<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Customized War Panoply</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Bearer: Senior Techmarine Sarrelen of the Blood Ravens<br/>
Armor List:<br/>
- Indominatus-Pattern Terminator Armor<br/>
- Integrated Refractor Field Shield Generator<br/>
- Advanced Belt-Hopper Assault Cannon Ammo Storage And Reloading System OR Customized Power Source System For Combi-Weapons Depending On Load-Out<br/>
- Secondary Advanced Belt-Hopper Storm Bolter Ammo Storage And Reloading System<br/>
Weaponry List (Cyclone Launcher and Forearm-Mounted Storm Bolters Consistent, Combi-Weapons Vary Depending On Engagement):<br/>
- (2) Forearm-Mounted Storm Bolters With Belt-Hopper System Integrated Into Secondary Customized Ammo Storage System<br/>
- (1) Cyclone Missile Launcher With Custom-Created Krak Missiles With Secondary Liquid Incendiary Detonations or Melta Charges.<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Loadout 1 [3 Assault Cannons Per Arm] With Belt-Hopper System Integrated Into Customized Ammo Storage System</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Loadout 2 [1 Multi-Melta/1 Lascannon Per Arm] Powered By Customized Power Source System</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Loadout 3 [1 Heavy Flamer/1 Assault Cannon Per Arm] With Belt-Hopper System and Fuel-Tank System</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Loadout 4 [1 Plasma Cannon/1 Assault Cannon Per Arm] With Belt-Hopper System and Customized Power Source System</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Inquisition Departure Notifications</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Squad Superstes-2 [10/10] Returned To Death Spectres Chapter</u><br/>
- Veteran Sergeant Kovac [Death Spectres (2nd Company) Formerly Squad Occludus-Superstes]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Corvin [Death Spectres (2nd Company) Formerly Squad Occludus-Superstes]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Frigan [Death Spectres (2nd Company) Formerly Squad Occludus-Superstes]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Remliel [Death Spectres (2nd Company)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Isarbul [Death Spectres (2nd Company)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Seglur Death Spectres [Death Spectres (2nd Company)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Aviras Death Spectres [Death Spectres (2nd Company)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Bethian Death Spectres [Death Spectres (2nd Company)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Cassiel Death Spectres [Death Spectres (2nd Company)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Tabbris Death Spectres [Death Spectres (2nd Company)]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Squad Superstes-1 [10/10] Returned To Marauders+Executioners Chapters</u><br/>
- Veteran Sergeant Oghul Timur [Marauders (6th Brotherhood) Formerly Squad Solaris-Superstes] [Bearing Kebek-Crafted Item: Power Axe]<br/>
- Senior Techmarine Eljigidey Kebek [Marauders (6th Brotherhood) Formerly Squad Solaris-Superstes] [Bearing Self-Crafted Item: Twin Power Axes]<br/>
- Apothecary Changshi [Marauders (6th Brotherhood) Formerly Squad Solaris-Superstes] [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Terminator Armor (Indominatus-Pattern), x1 Assault Cannon]<br/>
- Veteran Devastator Marine Michael [Executioners (9th Company) Formerly Squad Necromund-Superstes] [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Heavy Bolter]<br/>
- Senior Techmarine Augustus [Executioners (9th Company) Formerly Squad Necromund-Superstes] [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lascannon]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Khajog [Marauders (6th Brotherhood)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Qaja [Marauders (6th Brotherhood)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Ogedei [Marauders (6th Brotherhood)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Ghangar [Marauders (6th Brotherhood)]<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Akhutai [Marauders (6th Brotherhood)]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Raptors Squad Talon-5: [10/10]</u><br/>
- Veteran Sergeant Assault Marine Celeritan [Bearing Salamander-crafted Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Locitan [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Cursun [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Quillum [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Lacidus [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Narcariel [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Kostis [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Graevast [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Amardova [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Trajald [Bearing Blood Raven Armory Item: Lightning Claw Pair]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Auxiliary Departures </u><br/>
33rd Gudrun Storm Trooper Squad (Led by Tempestor Meshana): Seconded To Ordo Malleus on Order of Inquisitor Moredecai Toth<br/>
x10 Enginseers [Formerly Krieger/19th Cadian Guard Attached Enginseers] Returned To Kreiger/Cadian Regiments On Planet Cadia</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Inquisition Fatality Notifications</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
- Crusade Champion: Assault Terminator Gilroy Lechris (1st Company)<br/>
- Command Squad Chaplain: Prathios (4th Company)<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Squad Flagellan [10/10] (4th Company)<br/>
- Veteran Devastator Squad Perditium [10/10] (5th Company)<br/>
- Veteran Assault Squad Penitentium [10/10] (8th Company)<br/>
- Veteran Tactical Terminator Squad Repententum [5/5] (1st Company)<br/>
- Veteran Assault Terminator Squad Contemptum [5/5] (1st Company)<br/>
- Venerable Tomb-Brother Callum [Mk-V Castraferrum Dreadnought] (5th Company)<br/>
- Tomb-Brother Librarian Epistolary Konan Barbarial [Entombed In A MK-V Castraferrum Dreadnought Frame] (5th Company)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Non-Blood Raven Astartes Losses [GD = Gene-Seed Delivered To Chapter/GL = Gene-Seed Lost Or Otherwise Unrecoverable]</u><br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Ustu’ran [Marauders Chapter 6th Brotherhood/Crusade Squad Necromund-Superstes] <b>GD</b><br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Flavius [Marauders Chapter 6th Brotherhood/Crusade Squad Necromund-Superstes] <b>GD</b><br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Algor [Death Spectres Chapter 2nd Company/Crusader Squad Occludus-Superstes] <b>GD</b><br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Pulcrum [Death Spectres Chapter 2nd Company/Crusader Squad Occludus-Superstes] <b>GD</b><br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Umbul  [Death Spectres Chapter 2nd Company/Crusader Squad Occludus-Superstes] <b>GD</b><br/>
- Veteran Devastator Marine Johnathan [Executioners 9th Company/Crusader Squad Necromund-Superstes] <b>GD</b><br/>
- Veteran Tactical Marine Albus [Executioners 9th Company/Crusader Squad Necromund-Superstes] <b>GD</b><br/>
- Veteran Devastator Marine Tesan [Death Spectres Chapter 2nd Company/Crusader Squad Occludus-Superstes] <b>GL</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Adeptus Mechanicus Forces </u><br/>
- Myrmidon Destructor Flavius Justinian [Forgeworld Mordax Prime Myrmidon Allotment – Vengeance-Terminus]<br/>
- Myrmidon Necine [Forgeworld Mordax Prime Myrmidon Allotment – Vengeance-Terminus]<br/>
- Myrmidon Gelimer [Forgeworld Mordax Prime Myrmidon Allotment – Vengeance-Terminus]<br/>
- Magos Dominus Pelliad (Kataphron Marshal) [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Breacher-821 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Breacher-893 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-1111 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-1321 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-1214 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-1231 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-2244 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-3124 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-823 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
- Kataphron Destroyer-715 [Forgeworld Mordax Kataphron Battle Servitor Vengeance-Terminus-Beta]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Auxilary Forces</u><br/>
- Single 19th Cadian Platoon<br/>
- Single Death Korps of Krieg Platoon<br/>
- Order of Our Martyred Lady [Canoness Alessa/Seraphim Squad/x3 Sister of Battle Squads]<br/>
- 1 Leman Russ Tank And Crew of Cadian 19th<br/>
- Mixed Imperial Guardsmen Platoon, Led by Cadian Commissar Markus Steiner (x1 Command Squad, x2 Infantry Squads, x1 Heavy Weapon Squad)<br/>
- Order of Our Martyred Lady: x4 Sister of Battle Squads, x1 Celestian Squad, x2 Dominion Squads<br/>
- Order of the Bloody Rose: x3 Sister of Battle Squads, x1 Celestian Squad, x1 Retributor Squad<br/>
- Order of the Ebon Chalice: x1 Seraphim Superior Squad, x1 Celestian Squad</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Defunct Categorization Of Penitent Crusade Before Extensive Casualties</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Squad Penitentus-Primaris: [3/5]<br/>
- Force Commander: Aramus Valorun (4th Company) [Bearing Relics: Crusade Eternal, Sunderhammer]<br/>
- Crusade Champion: Assault Terminator Gilroy Lechris (1st Company)<br/>
- Epistolary: Konan Barbarial (5th Company) [Entombed In Mk-V Castraferrum Frame]<br/>
- Apothecary: Adrian Kogal (4th Company) [Possesses Sophisticated Bionics For Left Leg, Left Arm, Right Leg] [Bearing Relics: The Pitiless Lance of Vengeance]<br/>
- Chaplain: Prathios (4th Company)<br/>
<br/>
Crusade: 6 Members Remaining (Aramus, Thaddeus, Konan, Adrian, Sarrelen, Nereus )<br/>
<br/>
Veteran Sergeants:<br/>
- Veteran Scount Sergeant Nereus (Vow of Silence) [Bearing Relics: Honored Silence, Angel of Silence, Talon of the Doom Eagle] (10th Company)<br/>
- Veteran Assault Marine Sergeant Thaddeus Rex [Bearing Relics: Growling Hate/Xenosplitter, Golden Armor of the Custodes] (4th Company)<br/>
<br/>
Veteran Tactical Squad Flagellan [10/10] (4th Company)<br/>
Veteran Devastator Squad Perditium [10/10] (5th Company)<br/>
Veteran Assault Squad Penitentium [10/10] (8th Company)<br/>
Veteran Tactical Terminator Squad Repententum [5/5] (1st Company)<br/>
Veteran Assault Terminator Squad Contemptum [5/5] (1st Company)<br/>
<br/>
Dreadnoughts: [1/1]<br/>
- Venerable Tomb-Brother Callum [Mk-V Castraferrum Dreadnought] (5th Company)<br/>
- Epistolary Konan Barbarial (5th Company) [Entombed In A MK-V Castraferrum Dreadnought Frame]<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Crusade Specialists</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Techmarines</u><br/>
- Senior Techmarine Sarrelen [Blood Ravens 4th Company]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Apothecaries</u><br/>
- Adrian Kogal [Blood Ravens 4th Company]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Psykers</u><br/>
- Epistolary Konan Barbarial [Blood Ravens - Entombed]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Chaplains</u></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<u>Deathwatch</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Epistolary Vaikos (1st Company) [Began Vigil at Watch Fortress Oertha: 970.M41] [Estimated Time Of Return: INDEFINITE]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Tomb-Brother Palkair (4th Company) [Began Vigil at Watch Fortress Erioch: 700.M41] [Estimated Time Of Return: INDEFINITE]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Veteran Devastator Castigon (6th Company) [Began Vigil at Watch Fortress Phaedas: 950.M41] [Estimated Time Of Return: INDEFINITE]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[6/10] Veterans (5th Company) [Assigned To Segmentum Ultima Crisis Zones 741-825: 025.M42] [Estimated Time Of Return: INDEFINITE]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[2/10] Veterans (5th Company) [Assigned To Segmentum Ultima Crisis Zones 123-216: 025.M42] [Estimated Time Of Return: INDEFINITE]<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">    [1/1] Tomb-Brother (5th Company) [Assigned To Segmentum Ultima Crisis Zones 123-216: 025.M42] [Estimated Time Of Return: INDEFINITE]</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[10/10]  Talon Squad [Veterans] (1st Company) [Assigned To Segmentum Ultima Crisis Zones 741-825: 055.M42] [Estimated Time Of Return: INDEFINITE]</li>
</ul><br/>
<u>Explorator Fleet Detachment</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">None Currently</li>
</ul></div>
  </body>
</html>