<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 37 Results - 2488 - Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 37 Results - 2488 - Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [KISLEV] Waystone Project: Hag Witches
[*] [WIDOW] Waystone Project: Ice Witches

Tally



As the planning for drilling into the secrets of the unfortunate local Boyar wraps up, you re-enter the conversation. "The Waystone Project has built up quite a roster of Magisters, Mages, and a Runelord," you say. "The magical traditions of Kislev would be more than welcome to join it."

Boris and Ljiljana exchange thoughtful looks. "Your Colleges are built on Elf secrets," Boris says to you. "Perhaps can squeeze some more out of them."

"Me and Nadezhda will be busy with Boyar," Ljiljana says. "Milita only speaks Gospodarinyi, Věnceslava would get herself into trouble... Zlata can go. Good with languages, good with new people, thirst to prove herself."

"I think I will send word to Boyar Yevschenko. Baba Niedzwenka knows Elf and Imperinyi, and he will be happy for break from her." Ljiljana frowns at that, but doesn't comment.

"We will be happy to have them," you say. "I'll send word to our Embassy in Kislev City to do up papers for them. If they make their way to Aarnau or Middenheim, I can arrange an escort to Tor Lithanel."

"I didn't think I'd see you again after you decided to go chasing Elves," Boris says frankly. "But if you give us something we can use to push back the Za on top of all you have already done, you will have proven the value of the partnership between Kislev and the Empire."

"I'll do my best to live up to the examples of Magnus and Teclis," you say firmly.

---

You return to the Empire in high spirits, passing through Bechafen on the way to send word to the Chancellor of what the problem was and that it has been taken care of. They won't immediately stand down the army on the word of a single person, but they'll be pointed in the right direction for confirming things for themselves and able to start quashing the wilder rumours. You also have reports of your investigations sent off to those that sent you on them. There are, you note, significant gaps regarding the matters you were supposed to look into, but you doubt anyone will mind since you made it so that they were no longer a problem that needs investigating.

Having spread word everywhere you were required to, instead of heading west back to Tor Lithanel, you continue southwards towards a destination just beyond Stirland. There is, you're aware, a problem with your library. Karak Eight Peaks is quite some distance away from the Empire - though that distance will seem shorter once the Black Water canal is completed - and with its shelves bare of all but your personal collection, it would be difficult to convince most people why they should have any interest in it. This could trap you in a nasty little circle of being unable to expand your library without the prestige of already having a large library. But there's one group in the Empire that has already bought in to Karak Eight Peaks - the Halflings of the Moot. And though the Mootland Genealogical Library in Eicheschatten might not be the most famous of libraries in the Old World, the millennia of accumulated history and culture it contains would go a long way to giving your library a bit more substance.

The Genealogical Library is run by the Cult of Quinsberry, the Halfling God of knowledge, ancestry, and tradition. The position of Head Librarian is intertwined with that of High Priest, and the current incumbent is a man with substantial sideburns and an unlit pipe never far from his mouth, and he nibbles on the stem thoughtfully as you explain your proposition.

"And in providing a space for our books, you thereby increase the size and prestige of this library o'yourn." You nod, unabashed. "If yer willing t'take what yer given, might be an arrangement t'be made. Could always use more space, but there's nothing here that's entirely a waste of it. If ye can guarantee that we'll still have access..."

"Elder Hluodwica has secured rights of free passage for all citizens of the Moot in Karak Eight Peaks," you confirm, "and Barak Varr has ships serving as ferries from the Skull River to Ulrikadrin."

"And soon that canal upriver. Well, as for the bloodline records, those've travelled to the Karak will've been wanting copies at some point. And those't go there or come here to marry will mean that sooner'r later, there'll be need for copies of every extant bloodline. Long's yer able to wait, ye'll accumulate the lot."

"I have no problem with that. It's intended to be a long-term project."

"And ye'll cover transport, I take it?"

"Just let the local EIC branch know and they'll take it from there."

"The one with the mark of three swords?" You nod. "Alright then. It seems we have an agreement."

You smile as you shake the Halfling's hand. That went surprisingly smoothly, but you suppose it's a natural enough partnership. The Cult of Quinsberry is religiously bound to preserve an enormous amount of information, even though the passage of centuries has rendered a great deal of it nearly useless. It may be stricturally required to preserve the complete family trees of the Halfling Clan that was wiped out by Waaagh Gorbad in the 1700s, and once in a very long while it might be necessary to consult a single one of those very many tomes over some manner of lineage or inheritance, but the space and effort and expense it takes to store and preserve entire roomfuls of books would weigh heavily on any library. You've come out of nowhere and offered to take on all of that burden at your own expense, and the only downside is it will now take someone a fairly long boat ride on the rare occasions one of those tomes is needed. And considering the amount of regular traffic back and forth between the Moot and the Karak once the canal is completed, it probably won't even be that big a bother for someone already heading to the Karak to bring a request for a specific tome or set of tomes, and for someone already heading to the Moot to take those books with them.

And while you're not very likely to ever need any of that information, this does get you a foot in the door to make copies of their other materials. Which... is easier said than done, admittedly. As you experienced for yourself in Stirland, there's only so many literate workers available at any given time. You'll need to think about some sort of method to secure a large number of reliable scribes. Perhaps an arrangement with the Cult of Scripsisti, or perhaps getting the EIC to begin recruiting from everywhere they have a presence, or perhaps a school in Karak Eight Peaks to teach and recruit citizens of Karag Nar who don't wish to become Undumgi... there's a number of possible approaches, and choosing between them all is a matter for another time. For now, you can consider this a good day's work - the first official partner library of the Kron-Azril-Ungol, and soon an influx of tomes that will go some way to filling those empty, echoing halls.

---

Thus concludes the work Mathilde performed these past months, but not every waking moment was filled with work. With whom did she spend her free time? The five with the most votes will be chosen, not counting those locked in.

[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else (locked in)

Laurelorn
[ ] Max
The entire time you've known Maximilian, he has been pursuing his own goal of true transmutation via magically-enhanced blacksmithing. Check in to see how he's going with that.
[ ] Thorek
See what inroads Thorek has made with the Major Houses of Tor Lithanel.
[ ] Cadaeth
You've had unanswered questions about Dryads for some time, and your encounter with them in the Shirokij gives you a good pretext to ask them.
[ ] Magister Tochter Grunfeld
Get to know Tochter Grunfeld, ritualist, traditionalist, and veteran of the Sylvanian Campaign.
[ ] Baba Niedzwenka
Get to know the Erengrad Hag Witch that Tsarevich Boris has sent to contribute to the Waystone Project.
[ ] Zlata
Get to know the young woman who is the Ice Witch contribution to the Waystone Project.
[ ] Panoramia - Tor Lithanel
Now that you're somewhat familiar with it, introduce Panoramia to the people and sights of the city.
[ ] Panoramia - Laurelorn
Now that you're somewhat familiar with it, introduce Panoramia to the beings and biomes of the forest.

Karak Eight Peaks
[ ] Gretel
She's apparently getting involved in the Karaz Ankor's ambitions in the Border Princes.
[ ] The We
See how their self-guided societal evolution is going.
[ ] Okri
The new Loremaster of Karak Eight Peaks is Okri Drakkisson of Clan Bronzebeard, formerly of Karak Norn. Meet your replacement and gauge what kind of person he is.
[ ] Kazrik and Edda
They are to be wed. Attend their nuptials.

Foreign Relations
[ ] Stirland
See for yourself how the war against Sylvania is progressing.
[ ] Middenland
See how the Ulricans are going with their new Eonir coreligionists.
[ ] Karaz-a-Karak
To investigate their preparations for the Mount Silverspear campaign.
[ ] The Black Water Canal
Pay another visit to the canal project, and see if there's any further signs of sabotage.

Friends Abroad
[ ] Roswita
Get a sense for who will control Sylvania after you turned down the position.
[ ] Kasmir
See how his partnership with Sylvania's native faith has been going.

Following Up
[ ] Mira
Give an in-person report on the events in Talabheim, and find out how Alric reacted to them.
[ ] Alric
Or you could cut out the middleman and ask Alric himself about current events.
[ ] Paranoth
Give an in-person report on the events in the Shirokij, and see if he knows anything about the being you defeated.
[ ] Amber College
Check in on the salamanders.
[ ] Gold College
See what's become of their research into Skaven technology.
[ ] Organ Vat
Follow up on your donation of the Skaven organ-vat, and see what has been made of it.
[ ] Skull River Ambush
Look into the investigation of the mining of the Skull River, and any consequences of it.
[ ] The Weber Estate
Pay a visit to your fief, to see if anything has changed. It probably hasn't.


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Which witch dicerolls.
- Thanks to everyone that provided ideas to replenish the pool of possible social actions.
  </body>
</html>