<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 14: Glory And Blood</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 14: Glory And Blood</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Titanfall Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X]Plan Prepare for Titanfall<br/>
-[X] Join The Lines - The Skitarii are currently in a seemingly endless back and forth with the rest of Aerus. While the penetrating spearhead strikes of the Blood Ravens have prevented the stalemate from falling in the wrong direction, some front-line assistance for properly equipped dreadnoughts and terminators could likely assist the Mechanicus forces in pushing further forward in general. With your own vehicles, and heavy weaponry, this could be made possible. The further the line stretches and expands, the better it will be for all. And at the least, you would not be sending astartes into enemy territory and instead they would be fighting alongside allies. A revivified and newly inspired 1st Meridian Consolidated have marshaled themselves along this line, granted the use of the newest Leman Russ battle tanks and other various types of Imperial Armor by the restored manufactorums of Aerus within their ranks by a grateful Adeptus Mechanicus. Said Mechanicus has recently landed one of Zerann's legendary Fellblades, <i>Doom Of The Illogical</i> to face any and all.<br/>
--[X]All Tarantula turrets.<br/>
--[X] Chapter Master Angelos (swap his default Bolt Pistol for a Plasma Pistol), Apollo Diomedes w/ Rogal's Fist, Chief Librarian Probalis, Master of Sanctity Palrun<br/>
--[X] 1st Company<br/>
---[X] Add another 3 suits of Terminator Armor, 3 Power Fists, 1 Assault Cannon, and 2 Storm Bolters to the 1st Company's standard loadout<br/>
--[X] 5th Company, + 2 Codiciers with Force Staves<br/>
--[X] <i>Tarantalus Ultima</i>, all our Predators &amp; Razorbacks, 1 Vindicator, 1 Whirlwind<br/>
--[X] Bring all the Lascannons, Plasma Cannons &amp; Multi-meltas. Every Marine trained in Heavy Weapons should be using one, and a Missile Launcher or Heavy Bolter if the special weapons run out. Tactical Marines bring Plasma Guns &amp; Meltaguns.<br/>
-[X]Chapter Master Angelos:<br/>
--[X] Now that you know that Aralakh's commanders are at the least somewhat willing to accept the aid of the Blood Ravens due to the sheer casualties they are taking from the Hrud Infestation, you might contribute some measure of your forces to them if you should wish to - Hadrian's rather imaginative application of your orders aside.<br/>
---[X]Have Codicier Achillian search for where Hadrian can do the most good with the Fleet, without too much risk. If the results are inconclusive, Hadrian should use his best judgement.<br/>
--[X] Assign Chaplains Ravias to the 1st Company while Chaplain Antal heals. Keep Antonius with the 1st Meridian to uphold morale and battle corruption.<br/>
--[X] Assign the 19 fresh Battle Brothers to the 5th Company.<br/>
--[X] Have the veterans of the 1st Company survey the 5th for any that are worthy to join their ranks.<br/>
--[X] Speak with Governor Derosa, see if she's had any success in figuring out where the traitor Vandis has run off to. If her investigation is stalled due to lack of time, that's fine. if it's being stalled by Administratum intransigence, we're no help to her there. if it's due to a lack of tools or leads, perhaps we could put her in touch with some of the Chapter's contacts in the Adeptus Astra Telepathica? They're the ones who sent Vandis's mail for all these years, there could be some hints there.<br/>
-[X]Training With Apollo<br/>
--[X] Weapon Skill<br/>
-[X] Train Your Chapter<br/>
--[X] Primary: Ballistic Skill<br/>
---[X] Macharius Sicarius<br/>
--[X] Secondary: Weapon Skill<br/>
---[X] Hannibal Palrun<br/>
--[X] Secondary: Agility<br/>
---[X] Kaius Jacobus<br/>
-[X] Probalis – Chief Librarian<br/>
--[X] Scry for where and when the Quasi-Titans will hit the Skitarii lines.<br/>
--[X] Equip him with the <i>Hauberk of Faith</i><br/>
-[X]Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary:<br/>
--[X] Implant Test-Slaves with 30 Gene-Seed<br/>
-[X]Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge:<br/>
--[X] 10 Tarantula Sentry Guns (Twin-Linked Lascannons) (100BP)<br/>
--[X] 5 Tarantula Sentry Guns (Multi-Melta) (50BP)<br/>
--[X] 5 Cyclone Missile Launchers (50BP)<br/>
--[X] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
---[X] The Litany Of Fury [/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn [50/500]<br/>
-[X]Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits:<br/>
--[X] Enact Blood Trials upon the planet of Meridian. Orks, tyranids, and Chaos have stripped the fat from their soft flesh. It is time we seek for those amongst them capable of joining the Blood Ravens.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Glory And Blood<br/>
+010.M42+<br/>
+<i>Death Is Our Duty</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
To the immense annoyance of your librarians, and likely the tactical analysts amongst the Guard and Mechanicus, there is no real way to be absolutely certain about the speed or strength of one of these strange masses of metal and warp which come charging out of the metal wilderness. In terms of what they face on the way towards the skitarii lines, in terms of their actual general speed which can be anything from lumbering to ludicrous, it is hard to predict. Worse due to the both chaotic and literal Chaotic nature of the things. And yet as you marshal your forces, both companies present dangerously vulnerable on a world such as this where a dozen plasma or melta weapons may by carried by cybernetic beasts in their dozens, you know no fear. Not simply because of your very nature, but of the fact that the Mechanicus, as their control over the planet increases, see fit to grant it an expanding amount of their effort. The Mechanicus Fleet high above was not of Explorator nature, but they were still of Zerann and bring with them the most sophisticated and most powerful of weaponry and troops that they can bring to bear.<br/>
<br/>
This, in turn, takes the form of not only their incredibly powerful Fellblade tank, but the landing divisions of their Myrmidons and various other things. Two such tremendous pieces of armored death are two of the Macrocarid tanks, each individualized and different from one another to quite an extent. Both, however, are deliverers of complete and total death to whatever they are pointed at. You are personally invited by the Archmagos Prime put in charge of the entire force sent here by your allies in Zerann to view them as they step off of the dropships. The hulking and almost dreadnought shaped and sized Archmagos, named Theodosia and some long string of numbers, cheerfully and more than a little reverently points out not just the Macroarid tanks that come rolling out but whole sections of something you have never seen before. To hear Archmagos Prime Theodosia to tell it, they are called Kataphron Destroyers, and you have never seen more heavily equipped servitors in your life. Finally, behind them, come what Theodosia whispers – or at least tries to do so from within her utterly massive mechanical frame – that while what you see are a small handful of Minotaur Artillery Tanks they are in fact specially enhanced with targeting matrixes to make them her own personal project testing how one might go about defeating Titans from a distance at long range.<br/>
<br/>
All of which is expertly deployed thanks to the scrying efforts of your Chief Librarian, who watches their path and the whims of the warp which draw them like flotsam forth. All the while, you train your brothers, and with Apollo as well. All in preparation for what you know you will face. For all that the last titan was distant and could be torn apart, these are if smaller then somehow more deadly perhaps. They are more dexterous, faster, and have their strange attendant-esque miniature perversions of true machines coming with them. And so you train, all of you, while bringing down every weapon that you can to aid you in the coming fight. In the meantime you fight off what else comes out of Aerus’ unclaimed lands, unpurified territories, and hone your skills there as well.<br/>
<br/>
Then, when the scrap titans arrive at the lines, you see just how powerful the Mechanicus unleashed can be. In a disturbingly growing sense of intelligence and tactical sense, the two titans, some strange mixture between the size of a Reaver and a Warlord, send their slaved attendant false dreadnoughts and knights shifting forward to screen them, while one who has gained more close combat weaponry than the other comes charging to the fore while its ranged companion begins to unleash a vicious if haphazard bombardment upon the skitarii, Imperial Guard, and yes, some of your own lines as well. It is these that take the brunt of the fury of the blessed machines that the Mechanicus controls, and yet they possess their own daemonic powers as well.<br/>
<br/>
One of the knights, uncaring of the damage continually dealt to it, a total lack of void shields apparently never forming upon its frame in favor of his warp-tainted reactor powering yet more weaponry, pushes through all of it. Four of the dreadnoughts die to gunfire, and yet the knight pushes forward to smash through three of the tarantulas only to be blasted apart at point blank range by the Minotaur Tanks firing at its center mass in one moment and both of the Macroarid tanks firing at it as well. All the while, the Fellblade at long range begins to pour fire into the chest of the Reaver Titan. It is one of the heavier armor-based engagements that you have partaken in, in quite a while at the least. Captain Thule leads the dreadnoughts of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company with him as he tears their mockeries apart at close range, before both you and Apollo lead by jump-pack and teleporter forth against the closer Reaver Titan.<br/>
<br/>
It must also be remembered that they are but one of the threats you fight daily on Aerus. For all that they are false knights, scrap metal dreadnoughts, and daemon-infused mockeries of titans, there are more about that come charging alongside them like vermin escaping water. At the least, of course, many more of the twisted almost skitarii-like creations that have been flowing out of the land before you to come screaming gibberish as they are cut down by the forces assembled against them. But they provide enough of a screen that another of the tarantula turrets are destroyed as it provides cover to one of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company’s squads that are just barely able to maneuver out of the way against one of the enemy dreadnought creations, a machine dying a violent death to preserve the lives of your brothers. A worthy exchange, you think.<br/>
<br/>
But, for once, the advantage is completely on the side of the Imperium. As eldritch tendrils of metal and gun begin to emerge from the scarred hide of the titan you find yourself on the shoulder of, Apollo destroying all around you, you open the way for Kaius Jacobus to deliver repeated payloads of detonator packs and krak explosives to begin to tear it apart. Such haphazard creations do not even possess a truly enveloping void shielding system, only segments of which that flicker into functionality and out again in the next moment. All the while, your assault troopers fly forth and around it, their increased maneuverability allowing your brothers to rapidly plant and launch explosives at the lumbering beast faster than it can target them all. Some are injured, though only to a minor extent, but most are simply out of the way before they can be struck.<br/>
<br/>
And then comes the Fellblade, relentless in its continual assault on the more distant Reaver, and in point of fact before you can send any of your own forces forth through the distance to assault it and likely sustaining casualties from the machines everywhere, the Mechanicus fires upon it endlessly. First go its legs, and yet it begins to stomp and crawl itself forward on its arms, before its ‘head’ is obliterated as well by the glowing barrels of one of the heaviest and most powerful tanks in the arsenal of mankind. Such bombardment of its still twitching corpse is joined by Basilisk Earthshaker rounds as well as what the Minotaur Tanks themselves are capable of bringing forth. It is truly a display of explosive death as to almost awe even you.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 7: 107+6+Apollo(29)=142/800]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill From 4 to 5: 245+44+Macharius(25)=314/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill From 4 to 5: 0+1+Hannibal(25)=26/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Agility From 4 to 5: 94+7+Kaius(25)=126/500]<br/>
<br/>
==========================================<br/>​</div>“Lady Governor,” the mutant hissed, drool dribbling down the chin of the grotesque creature.<br/>
<br/>
Derosa gave none of her inherent distaste for the thing before her away, to the point that she even knew that one of her nearby sanctioned psykers was built wholly and entirely around such a thing. Those who possessed telepathic abilities were prized and despised in the higher echelons of nobility for their utility and potential to bring ruination on any who were left unguarded. But in turn, she merely bowed her head deeply as was befitting such an official who had come before her.<br/>
<br/>
“My friend,” she lied to it, “Thank you for coming in person.”<br/>
<br/>
“For too long,” its body trembled, the flesh weak compared to the inherent potential for insanity in its mind, “We served the traitor Vandis in his efforts, his messages to all, through our astropaths.”<br/>
<br/>
The Adeptus Astra Telepathica and what they could do, and were responsible for, terrified her if she was honest with herself. Their influence unsurpassed by any others she had come up against until this point save perhaps for the Inquisition and the Blood Ravens. And yet it was the Blood Ravens themselves that were responsible for her getting this meeting in the first place. The adept before her had elected to come in person, likely just to get out from who knows wherever it was kept in a cell – she hoped at least – with its small guard of stormtroopers and one black armored and helmeted woman whose very presence had caused Derosa to recoil on sight. An unfortunate failure of her self-control, but the woman was…<i>wrong</i>…in a way that felt even worse to her than the close exposure to the adept before her.<br/>
<br/>
“And yet we have discovered and analyzed the codes within what were but mundane messages otherwise through the warp,” the adept gurgled, before bowing deeply and revealing a series of vellum scrolls and a single dataslate from somewhere in its robes. “And we have felt the echoes of the signals from our brethren who he dragged with him into damnation.”<br/>
<br/>
She felt her pulse quicken.<br/>
<br/>
Did she truly have a chance? Even now, after purges and slaughters and years and the presence of the very Inquisition itself she had those who whispered in the shadows of her world of Vandis, of his return. Sycophants who did not know better, and yet she did not have the strength face as of yet. Someday, perhaps, but not just yet. If she had Vandis’ <i>head</i> on the other hand, then thing would most certainly change.<br/>
<br/>
“The Blood Ravens…,” the adept spoke again as it handed her what might be the most valuable of treasures she’d ever handled, “Bid us welcome, and we bid them success as well. And as you asked <i>why</i> we would aid you in this way,” and then its head tilted and its malformed skull revealed slit eyes, “The traitor Vandis <i>took</i> of our astropaths, and we will not have such disrespect from a worm such as him.”<br/>
<br/>
And then they were gone.<br/>
<br/>
She barely made it back into her chambers, her guards instructed to halt anyone and anything outside which desired entry until she otherwise said so. Her servo skulls flittered around her, and she quickly scanned through what she had been given. Times, dates, <i>names</i>, such things that she had the implants and long experience to handle. For all that she had been his secretary, Derosa had learned likely more about administrative duties than the pompous Chaos-touched fool ever had.<br/>
<br/>
And now, even now, he was using those which he had stolen with him to communicate with who knew what. While the adepts and astropaths did not dare attempt to take upon that knowledge into themselves lest they be corrupted by the very forces that Vandis bargained with, they could still look for them. They could still <i>track</i> them at least in general direction. And it was that, in the end, which gave her that which she had been seeking for so long.<br/>
<br/>
<i>“Cairos,”</i> she murmured.<br/>
<br/>
That unexplored distant realm, left fallow while the Imperium focused on other things, more profitable works, the focusing upon what worlds were already possessed. Was he still there, or were these but echoes? She did not know…but it was more than she had known before.<br/>
<br/>
From there, of course, she allowed other matters to capture her attention for a time. The efforts of the Captain Cyrus upon Meridian had proven a great boon. Whenever a Blood Raven strike cruiser hung itself over her world, things were much quieter. A genestealer cult, from an idiot noble who sought originally to ‘tame’ the tyranids for his menagerie of curiosities, burnt out and the man himself as well as his house put to the flame. Gangers decimated as he sought out recruits. All that and more. Truly, it was a beneficial relationship she held with them, not least of which was the genuine gratitude she held for the ones who had saved her world time and again.<br/>
<br/>
In fact, she could simply inform him here and now of what she had learned.<br/>
<br/>
She had seen Vandis’ vaults. There remained much that had gone unrecovered just yet, both in more mundane things as well as she suspected more artifacts of the astartes. Besides which, it would make a good return of favor for them after the efforts of their Master of Fleets assisting with the reclamation of Toriel. An Agriworld returned to the control of the Imperium would be valuable indeed. She was getting tired of gunning down the food rioters, it was a pointless excursion of her own resources that could be put to use for more valuable things.<br/>
<br/>
<u>009.M42 Into 010.M42 Results:</u><br/>
- Ares Actus is recovered.<br/>
- 15 1st Company Veterans recovered.<br/>
- 5 5th Company Battle Brothers recovered.<br/>
- 20 Neophytes [1st Stage] Advance: 15 to Neophytes [2nd Stage]. Remainder expired. Gene-Seed Implantation Recommended <b>Soon</b>.<br/>
- 2 Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage] Advance: 2 to Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage]. Gene-Seed Implantation Recommended <b>Soon.</b><br/>
- Extremely successful Blood Trials upon the planet Meridian garner the Chapter a large amount of aspirants culled from its gangers, youths, and a few of the sons of Spire inhabitants. <b>+100 Aspirants</b><br/>
- Implant Test-Slaves with 30 Gene-Seed. Harvest To Take Place In <b>015.M42. -30 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- <b>Lost </b>4x Tarantula (Twin-Linked Lascannons)<br/>
- <b>Lost </b>3x Tarantula (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons) of 1st Company equipment roster for Aerus campaign.<br/>
- Echoes of signals from the astropaths of Vandis have been tracked to the largely unexplored and untraveled <i>Cairos</i> system.<br/>
- Expert thunderhawk bombardments, fire support, and orbital contributions by Hadrian and the Chapter Fleet brought forth at a vulnerable points pointed out to him have allowed the Imperial Agriworld of Toriel to be largely reclaimed as the Hrud are focused on Alanara. Food resources flowing back into nearby Subsectors and worlds have saved literally millions of lives from starvation.<br/>
- Strike Cruiser - <i>The Howling Hatred </i>[Former 9th Company Flagship] has been <b>fully repaired and can now be assigned as you see fit.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Aerus Warfare Decisions (65% of Aerus Reclaimed/Reclaimed Area rated as Extremis-grade Defenses By Mechanicus/Orbital Drop,Thunderhawk Transport Allowed Within Reclaimed Territory Due To Lack of Daemon-slaved AA Batteries):</u><br/>
[] Defensive: With the Mechanicus having finally and carefully assembled their might and now just beginning to unleash it, you should keep your brothers behind to patrol and defend what has already been claimed. The amicable Archmagos Prime Theodosia was clearly quite pleased with what you have done so far alongside the Mechanicus, and you believe you can tell that she would not begrudge you this while she exercises her own abilities upon Aerus. Your brothers have been getting injured enough thus far, perhaps some time to properly recover is in order?<br/>
[] Supplementary: Now that the Mechanicus has begun to land its own forces in extreme concentrations, led by things such as Fellblades and their more advanced weaponry and troops, they are leading their own expeditions out into Aerus to attack the daemonforges, strike down newly spawned quasi-titans, and generally other such things. In point of fact, they are practically leading the charge with both potency and quantity of forces. You should not allow yourself to be left behind, of course. Why not dedicate your own forces to fighting alongside their own as they go about their work?<br/>
[] Independent: Your forces are now fully healed and replenished as best they can be under circumstances. Lead them out once more upon the foe, and strike down those crucial targets beyond what the Mechanicus is fighting themselves. It is an aggressive stance to be sure, but the faster this is done, the faster Aerus will be reclaimed and your Chapter can go beyond what it is currently dealing with. There is more to the galaxy than this sector, is there not? At this point, Marcus has decided that he has led his company independent of your commands more than enough, and his brothers agree. He has more than proven himself, and so now the Blood Ravens upon Aerus shall follow your orders overall as you wish.<br/>
- [] Target An Aerus Daemonforge - One of the tainted manufactorums which continually spill out a mixture of random possessed machinery, horrific cybernetic monstrosities, etc. behind the ‘enemy lines’ which are currently fighting against the streaming hordes of Skitarii. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
- [] Break Mad Machine Mass, a grouping of insane tanks and armored carriers whose Machine Spirits have gone mad and are traveling as one mass and attacking everyone and everything they can, heading straight for the Skitarii Lines. The latest was slain with minor Mechanicus casualties, and so now the nearest is in the far distance within non-reclaimed Aerus territory. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
- [] Attack Abominable Quasi-Titan – Aerus did not have a Titan Legion on its own, but apparently it’s twisted ghosts are determined to produce their own. Out of daemonflesh, rusted cable, and random scrap and weaponry scattered across the land, are titan-sized creatures crafted by mad machine spirits and corrupted programming. They are rare, but especially dangerous.  (Write-In Forces)<br/>
- [] Another Option - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] A thought as struck you to negotiate with the Adeptus Mechanicus for use of their manufactorums in some small part of production value much like what you possess in deals with the masters of Angel Forge. Have you not greately contributed to the reclamation of this very world? Are not your brothers, even now, somewhere with one of their Explorator Fleets? (BP/Turn Value Possible To Be Gained Unknown)<br/>
[] Now that you know that Aralakh's commanders are at the least somewhat willing to accept the aid of the Blood Ravens due to the sheer casualties they are taking from the Hrud Infestation, you might contribute some measure of your forces to them if you should wish to - Hadrian's rather imaginative application of your orders aside. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Recall Brothers In The Deathwatch<br/>
- (Specify In Write-In)<br/>
[] Hunting Down Vandis - Governor Derosa has been delivered information from the Telepathica, surprisingly enough. Signals bearing his name have echoed out from the Cairos System, which at the moment is a total unknown to you. Perhaps it would be best to send those who can scout properly, in stealth and secret, or maybe he has a bastion there demanding unrelenting force? It is unknown, but as a thief of your own relics, he must be found...and interrogated. (Write-In Forces Sent To Cairos)<br/>
[] Assign <i>The Howling</i> Hatred, the former 9th Company Flagship now fully repaired, to the current fleet make-up.<br/>
[] A thought as struck you to negotiate with the Adeptus Mechanicus for use of their manufactorums in some small part of production value much like what you possess in deals with the masters of Angel Forge. Have you not greately contributed to the reclamation of this very world? Are not your brothers, even now, somewhere with one of their Explorator Fleets? (BP/Turn Value Possible To Be Gained Unknown)<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed.  [Toughness Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it must be specified that they do so.<br/>
- You have access to a number of veterans who could impart their knowledge and skills upon your ranks, an especially important thing now that it is likely that many scouts will soon be promoted to full battle brothers. Not just in one way, but more. You have the exceptional battle brothers for it, after all.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium really does need more, well, Apothecaries. The Companies we have should not be without! Especially on Aerus!<br/>
- In <b>012.M42</b>, 22 Gene-Seed should be available from the Test-Slaves.<br/>
- In 015.M42 60 Gene-Seed should be available from the Test-Slaves.<br/>
<b>- Gracchus is currently studying the gene-seed of the Blood Ravens, to perhaps improve survival rates for implantation.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (250 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [50/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- I could use a few more peers in the forges. Or at least subordinates.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- While our thunderhawks are not of much use on Aerus at this point in time, they are most certainly quite depleted when it comes to our fleet. In the future, in combat both on the ground and in the void, we should work to ensure that our ships possess them in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Test the 10th Companies latest aspirants and neophytes upon the threats of the Sector<br/>
- [] The orks of Caepio, so that the 10th Company remains within the Brutalia System with the rest of the Chapter.<br/>
- [] The extremely numerous orks of System A4XX, perhaps even going after the warbosses there.<br/>
- [] Hive Gangers, remnant xenos, traitors, cultists, and other such potential things within the planet Meridian to ensure more than simple greenskin experience.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- Vandis is a treacherous wretch, but he cannot be underestimated. Let the 10th Company find him, and hunt him down. A scalpel is needed to cut out his rot, not a hammer.</div>
  </body>
</html>