<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 17</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 17</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally
[*] Fortify here and see if anything interesting happens over the next day



With it being past noon, you're able to convince the others that it makes more sense to fortify here than to set off and have to fortify in a few short hours somewhere less defensible and thicker in Dhar. You're hoping that something you witness or discover over that time will shed light on what's happening here, or at the very least give you something to argue for more time with.

With the help of your motley group of Wizards, you set up an array of experiments at the lip of the crater to test the slowly expanding radius of sand and start scouring the edge of it for more skeletons that can be retrieved for examination without venturing too far into the sands. It's still far from being a census, but you manage to examine enough that the relative normality begins to stand out. Sure, there are Beastmen in their many forms, and you do find a few of what you assume to have been Kurgan with what would have been functional mutations, but there's no fatally chaotic alterations, nor anything resembling the skeleton of a Chaos Spawn. Perhaps the bodies would be different closer to the forest that Morghur seems to be protecting, or perhaps not.

As dusk approaches, a clamour of horns and drums in the distance has everyone scrambling for defensive positions, and from your position atop the Alriksson you peer through a telescope as to the northeast, what you presume to be a Kvellige warband lines up along the lip of the crater, shouting war-cries. An answering clamour rises from the forest, and it doesn't take long for Morghur to emerge facing them, shouting his own warbling accompaniment. As soon as he appears, a dozen or so of the warband charge forward, the hooves of their horses churning up the sand as they make their way towards the Shadowgave.

The first Kurgan to reach Morghur is swept off his horse by Morghur's staff, landing heavily on the sand and being pinned to it by Morghur's claw a moment later. The Beastman's cry of triumph becomes one of anger and frustration as arrows and javelins from the other Kurgan meet their mark in his sides and back, and at the cry from their demigod the Beastmen begin to boil out of the forest, charging at the interlopers with inhuman roars. This seems to spur the Kurgan to even greater lengths as two more close in on him, one managing to parry a swing from Morghur while the other leaps upon his back, clinging on to the spikes erupting from his back and sinking a dagger into his flesh over and over. Another cry of anger comes from Morghur, but this one is interwoven with something different, and to your Magesight Morghur begins to glow with malign energy that's as visible in the ambient Dhar as the sun amongst stars.

As the energy sinks into him the Kurgan on Morghur's back throws himself free, limping towards his horse with some difficulty as both the Beastmen and the other Kurgan close in on him, and at this distance you can't really make out much of the chaotic melee that ensues except that the Kurgan that had been on Morghur's back reaches his horse and begins to gallop to the edge of the crater, followed before long by most of the other Kurgan. Morghur roars again as the energy flowing off him throbs, and he bends down to begin to feast on the Kurgan he struck down as the Beastmen do the same to those that did not survive the melee.

At the edge of the crater, the limping Kurgan appears to be excitedly displaying his leg to the others, who crowd around until he's blocked from your view. Not long later the warband departs, horns blowing in triumph as they leave the bloodstained sands behind them. The Beastmen gather up bows and blades from the fallen and they too depart, melting back into the forest and leaving the partially-eaten bodies where they fell. Soon only Morghur remains as he goes from body to body, the snarl of Dhar in him dimming as he does so, and by the time he returns to the forest he's no longer distinct against the background energies of this place.

---

Bright and early the next morning, you and your Wizards collect data from the various objects that had been scattered about the edge of the crater. The growth of the crater supports the rough six inches per day estimate that Snorri had suggested, and apart from the skeletons that had been returned to the sand after examination, all the objects that had been placed atop the sand are now gone. But one of Johann's contributions had been a series of objects anchored to solid ground with string, and most of them - a knife, a shard of metal, an apple, and a torn tunic - are able to be retrieved from the now-taut strings from deep below the sands. Only the string that was tied to a rock from outside the crater comes up with an empty knot. The conclusion: only stone is transmuted, everything else sinks below the sands - except skeletons, that for some reason remain buoyed above the surface.

From a considerable distance back from the crater you summon your Shadowsteed and with a heavy escort of Knights you circle the crater until you're close enough to the site of yesterday's battle to examine the bodies through a telescope. You're quite sure that the hurried feasting from yesterday was nowhere near enough to skeletonize the fallen, but despite that you're completely unable to identify the bodies from yesterday from the myriad other skeletons dotting the sands. You swallow your frustration and return to the Expedition - no need to risk the Kvellige thinking you're trespassing on their side of the crater.

"The Kurgan made a clamour until Morghur appeared, then went straight for him," you begin as you address the remainders of the Council. "And they defended and escorted the only one of their number that actually touched Morghur. Either they venerate those that draw blood against the beast, or they're seeking out his mutative aura."

"Which is somehow muted until combat provokes it out of him," Sir Joerg concludes. "When all records and legends we can recall of him say that it is constant. So it would seem that it is the genuine Shadowgave, but something has been done to alter him."

"The desert is expanding by about six inches a day," you continue, "though we'd need longer-term observation to confirm whether that was constant or if it would slow as the circle grows bigger."

"Two hundred feet a year," Sir Ruprecht says. "So, what, four miles a century?"

"I'll make a note to warn Karak Vlag that a desert might knock on their door in the year thirty thousand," Snorri says wryly.

"I take it that means we're done here?" Sir Ruprecht asks.

"If that's definitely Morghur and those were definitely Beastmen, then that's all we need to know," Snorri says. "Karag Dum has fallen. Let the experts on Grudgelore argue over the exact degree."

"Lady Magister?" Sir Joerg says cautiously. "I've worked with Esbern and Seija long enough to know that mysteries like this are as attractive to Wizards as a hot dinner and a warm bed in winter, but every moment spent here is less food, more danger, and more exposure to fell energies. The Expedition has reached Karag Dum and has enough information to reach a conclusion about their fate. Our responsibility now is to return with that information."

You exhale. It seems you've run out of time. The rest of the Council are united in their desire to return to the Old World, and you don't have a strong argument against doing so to override them with. Just a long list of questions that you wish very much to answer.


Course of Action - you should vote for at least one option under this category, unless you have no preference between them.

[ ] Last minute
You will remain here long enough for a last-ditch effort to snatch a few answers, then rejoin the convoy.
[ ] Stay
You will remain here until you find answers.
[ ] Leave


Details - you may vote for as many options as you prefer under this category, even if you did not vote for the associated course of action.

[ ] LAST: Attempt to infiltrate Karag Dum
[ ] LAST: Attempt to scout the forest at the base of the Karak
[ ] LAST: Attempt to approach Morghur to see if he can be communicated with
[ ] LAST: Approach the Kul camp peacefully and attempt to discuss the Karak with them
[ ] LAST: Approach the Kvellige camp peacefully and attempt to discuss the Karak with them

[ ] STAY: Attempt to join the Kvellige camp
[ ] STAY: Attempt to join the Kul camp




- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Staying alone is not really a viable option. This is the Chaos Wastes. Even Deathfang wouldn't come here solo, let alone set up camp here.
- If you have another course of action to put under the Last or Stay category, suggest them.
- Attempted infiltration will involve magic use, as without a fortified fall-back point the possibility of Morghur's antimagic field getting involved is still less dangerous than getting caught.
  </body>
</html>