<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Completed</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Completed</h2>
With the sun starting to peek over the horizon, you give the room that had been your quarters a final once-over for any errant notes or dropped quills. The pace of the last few weeks have been almost relaxed, but you'll be parting ways here and making your way towards Altdorf atop a Shadowsteed along with your more portable possessions. "You sure you don't want me to travel with you?" Johann asks again.

"Someone needs to keep Max out of trouble," you reply lightly.

"And lug an unreasonable number of books across the continent."

"And that. Besides, it's not like you're missing out on an adventure, I'm just making sure Altdorf is still standing and checking my mail before heading back to the Karak."

He nods. "Ride safe," he says, clapping you on the shoulder as you pass him.

You stop at a few doors on your way up to exchange farewells with Michel and Cyrston and Alexandra. You didn't grow particularly close with any of them, but they pulled their weight and gave you no reason to regret their involvement, and you'd be happy to cross paths with them again in the future. They'll be continuing with the Expedition all the way back to Karak Kadrin to either collect or negotiate their payment. The trio of Lights similarly proved themselves, and you suspect if they manage to stick together and fight appropriate challenges they'll make quite a trio of Magisters in years to come.

Up on deck, Egrimm is watching the rising sun and you take a moment to take in the landscape with him. Dawn is a time of significance for both your Orders, though for quite different reasons. To Ulgu it is a transition, the moment on the cusp of day and night, not fully one or the other, where shadows stretch longest and fog still clings to the ground. To Hysh it is illumination, the hidden and unknown becoming suddenly clear as a single source of pure light banishes the darkness. As the two of you stand there, strands of Ulgu creep up the side of the steam-wagon to seep into you and wisps of Hysh ride sunbeams to find purchase in Egrimm.

"It's been a pleasure working alongside you," he eventually says, "and a very welcome reminder that the competent can still claw their way up the ranks."

"Likewise. The journey would have been a great deal more stressful if I couldn't count on you to keep the Lights in hand," you reply, avoiding commenting on the latter part of his statement. You do hope he manages to get out from under Alric's shadow and make his own way in the world. "Any messages you'd like for me to pass on?"

He shakes his head. "We'll not be too far behind you, it's only about a week to Kislev City and from there it's all downstream to Altdorf." You nod. The Lights were here at the behest of Magister Patriarch Alric, so they have no payment waiting in Karak Kadrin, just whatever reward the Light Order might see fit to grant them. "If you ever have another adventure in mind, let me know, and I'll see if I can claw my way free to join it."

"I'll keep that in mind," you promise with a smile.

Down below the camp is waking up, and you pass through it making your goodbyes. You exchange respectful nods with Preceptor Joerg, a hearty handshake with Ruprecht, who promises to get Hubert home safe, and a pair of warm hugs with Esbern and Seija.

"You're off, then?" Snorri says, approaching as Esbern and Seija head back to their mounts.

You nod. "I'd rather get going now than try to fight my way through the mess that will be tomorrow. Your Rangers going east, the Knights going west, the steam-wagons going south... it'll be a mess."

"And with that horse of yours, you'll be halfway to Erengrad by then," he says with a shake of his head. It's more like two thirds, but you resist the urge to correct him. "How are you getting back to Karak Eight Peaks?"

"Gyrocopter relay from Karak Norn, probably. Want me to send some messages about Karak Vlag?"

"May as well, you might reach there before I do Karak Kadrin. I know my lads wouldn't know where to start trying to winkle that lot out." He exhales. "And... thank you. For Karak Vlag. If it weren't for that, it'd be very easy to think it was all for nothing."

You nod and clap him on the shoulder. "Range far, range fast."

"Range far, range fast," he agrees. "Safe travels, Loremaster."

A day and a half to Erengrad, you mentally calculate as you summon your Shadowsteed. Call it two, better to overnight in Bolgasgrad than to try to find a suitable tavern in a village. Norden the next day, Middenheim the day after that. Two more days to Altdorf, so overnight in Delberz, they have such lovely wine. From there... well, one day to Nuln would be pushing it, so let's spend a night in Kemperbad. Finest brandy in the Empire, and you're pretty sure the EIC has an office there too. One day from Nuln to Karak Norn, then gyrocopter-hopping to get back home.

You pat the insubstantial flank of the Shadowsteed below you. You owe quite a debt to whichever Wizard managed to turn the conceptual link between Ulgu and twilight into a steed that somehow taps into the speed of the line of day.

Later that day, far behind you:

"What do you mean, she's gone?" the Longbeard asks in disbelief.

"What do you mean, the High King's here?" Snorri replies.

---

A week of relaxed travel later, you make your way through Altdorf's most reputable disreputable neighbourhood and into the grounds of the Grey College, and despite actively looking for it you're still unable to spot the point where you transition from reality into the artificial plane that the College resides in. When you reach the correspondence offices you find reason to frown as you consider the familiar array of pigeonholes. They're enchanted so that the eyes of any viewer slip past any square but their own, and you find your gaze skittering across them without finding any purchase in where you remember your pigeonhole being. You'd been in the same place for almost twenty years now, ever since your promotion to Journeyman, and finding it absent was quite jarring. With nothing else for it, you approach the nearby desks of the Registrars.

"Oh, Lady Magister Weber, you don't have a pigeonhole any more," says the young man you accost. "All the Lord Magisters have lockboxes. Do you want to access yours?"

"Please," you reply.

"Follow me" he says and bustles off, leading you on a jingling path marked by him applying a ring of keys to several extremely sturdy doors and into a small room with nothing but a table with a normal-looking chest with a slit in the lid atop it, and a chair to one side. "It would have been keyed to you by the Porter when you were promoted," he says cheerily. "Please don't open it until I'm safely out of the room, the protective measures can be a bit sensitive. Once you're done, simply close the chest and pull the door closed on the way out."

"Okay, thank you."

"Of course, Lady Magister." You wait until the Registrar leaves, taking the opportunity to examine the chest. You can't see any protective enchantments, but that only means it's no more enchanted than the rest of the Grey College. If it was keyed in to the same magics that allow the College to exist within the realm between reality and the Aethyr, then it could utilize that to do all sorts of things to someone snooping where they shouldn't. You shrug and lift the lid, and then frown at the mound of correspondence within.

---

To the esteemed Lady Magister, I write on behalf of my master to beseech you to pay heed to this request...

You grow used to variations on this theme as you make your way through easily twice as many letters as you'd ever received as a Journeywoman or Magister, and as you do your shock gives way to understanding. The Colleges have thousands of magic users and hundreds of those are Magisters, but the total number of Lord Magisters couldn't be much higher than fifty, and many of those are too busy, eccentric, or retired to work outside the Colleges. So when a new Wizard reaches the lofty status of Lord Magister, there seem to be many parties that will send them a request or invitation in the hopes of being able to take advantage of their skills or status to their own ends.

You discard the invitations to various parties, balls, and gatherings, many of which already occurred while you were busy up north. Then you discard all the ones that make it clear that the writer has never heard of the Vow of Poverty or that the Grey Order is forbidden to meddle in the Empire's internal politics.  Then go the ones from towns and villages whose problems barely merit the attention of a Journeyman, let alone a Lady Magister. Even after this culling there's quite a pile of offers, some troubling, some intriguing, and some both.

In that you possess unrivalled insight into the problems that will face any administrator of these territories, it pleases the Grand Countess to offer the position of Markgraf of Eastern Stirland to the Lady Magister; if that is not suitable for concerns of inheritance, the titles of Count of Waldenhof, Count of Tempelhof, Baron of Mikalsdorf, and Baron of Nachthafen will be revived and granted in the coming years, and the Lady Magister is considered an ideal personage for any of the above...

It has come to the attention of Grand Count Konstantin von Liebwitz that the Lady Magister Mathilde Weber has peerless expertise in certain sensitive matters that may present difficulty for Wissenland and Nuln in these coming years, that would benefit the Empire as a whole should she accept the position of Spymaster of Wissenland...

Given the Lady Magister's sterling reputation amongst the Empire's allies in the Karaz Ankor, I have the honour of writing on behalf of the Chamberlain of the Seal to invite you to join the Graf's staff as Ambassador-at-Large to the many Dwarfholds that bulwark the Empire...

As it has been vouchsafed that the Lady Magister's trustworthiness and suitability are beyond reproach, the Chamberlain of the Imperial House invites the Lady Magister to act as Bodyguard and Tutor to Crown Prince Mandred...

Given the unique challenges presented, it is felt that the Lady Magister is eminently suited to the position of Governor-General of the New World territories and control over the entrepôt commonly known as Swamp Town...

Thanks to you, our mutual friend has the opportunity to mend some important bridges in Kislev, and thinks that you'd be perfect for the job. It will let the cat out of the bag in some respects, but what better way to do that than to be named High Priest of Ranald?

In recent years, piracy, sabotage, and border skirmishes in the Border Princes region has shown that Dwarven dominance over the area is required to guarantee the safe flow of trade. King Byrrnoth Grundadrakk of Barak Varr wishes to make you aware that support would be available should an Umgi of proven trustworthiness seek dominion over the territories of the western end of Mad Dog Pass, near the banks of the Howling River. He also extends the observation that the Lady Magister is of proven trustworthiness.

You put down the last of the letters, reeling from the barrage. To restore your sense of normalcy, you turn to a letter you hope to be much more prosaic: an official announcement of some sort from Karaz-a-Karak.

An announcement from the Emergency Meeting of the Ancestor Cult Conclave of the Karaz Ankor, hosted in Karaz-a-Karak.

After certain confidential information was vouchsafed to this body by a source of undoubtable repute, a Grudge is hereby levelled against the being, spirit, force, ancestor, demiurge, and/or anthropomorphic personification commonly known as Ranald, believed to originate somewhere in or about the continent called The Old World, for the crime of theft of a disembodied Dwarven soul, which has subsequently been incarnated in the form of an Umgi.

Reparation or vengeance for said Grudge is to be postponed pending the full and proper evaluation of the consequences of those actions, which may be considered to mitigate, in whole or in part, those actions.

Witnessed and entered into the Great Book of Grudges by the High King.

Well. Okay then. That certainly didn't help. You take a deep breath, quell the internal screaming, and begin to apply cold logic to the document.

First of all, you'll operate under the assumption that it's genuine, as it will be easy to confirm the existence of the announcement in Dwarven records, so all someone counterfeiting an announcement like this would achieve is to earn a very swift death for the crime of counterfeiting the seal of the High King.

Second of all, Ranald. Well, you haven't exactly kept your worship of him a secret, considering your involvement in His worship at Karag Nar and, before that, the attempt to institute his worship among the Stirland Watch. It wouldn't take much investigation to uncover that.

Third, you having a Dwarven soul. You spend some time turning the idea around in your head, before ultimately discarding it as unfalsifiable. And on top of that, it doesn't ring true. Would Ranald steal a Dwarf soul to reincarnate them as human? Well, maybe. Would He do so for something they'd achieve decades down the line? No. He's not that sort of Trickster God. And the argument that He might have done so for a laugh and that person just happened to later become involved in world affairs stretches credulity. And you're pretty sure you're not actually a Dwarf. As much as you like being around them, actually being one seems incredibly stressful.

So, fourth, why? Assuming the Dwarves don't have some sort of secret runic device capable of detecting the very nature of a being's soul without said being ever becoming aware of the detection, they must have been convinced by something. And you frown, and pull on the chain around your neck until the Coin emerges from your robes, where the face of the Protector glints smugly in the light. Well, you suppose that would do it. Not only did you save Karak Vlag, but also however many Dwarves survived in there had the divine revelation that you were the one that protected them, and that you did so for the noblest of motivations. You can't see the Dwarven ego being particularly good at managing the fact that a Umgi succeeded so spectacularly where the rest of the Karaz Ankor failed miserably for one hundred and eighty-five years.

You examine the date on the letter - early in Nachgeheim, only three weeks after the return of Karak Vlag. The Expedition had sent Knights to ride back to Praag and arrange for word to be sent to the Dwarves, and you frown as you consider the distance. Best case scenario, Karak Kadrin would have heard about it in two weeks, and sent a Gyrocopter to Karaz-a-Karak. They send someone to confirm matters, they take however many days it would take to get past their jumpiness, then word goes back to Karaz-a-Karak, then a Conclave is summoned, then they deliberate, then they make an announcement...

No. That doesn't happen in seven days or less, even if every Conclave representative dropped everything they were doing to get aboard a gyrocopter. The only way this announcement would be remotely possible is if Karaz-a-Karak had some way to know immediately that Karak Vlag had returned... like, say, a sudden inrush of energy from two Old Holds being reconnected to the Karaz Ankor waystone network. Damn and blast. For the sake of harmony you'd been hoping that the waystone network was a Golden Age relic that had been forgotten, but this could indicate that Belegar's suspicion might be correct, that the High King is actively and knowingly siphoning magical energy from the Karaz Ankor without their knowledge or consent.

You sigh, and move on to the fifth consideration: repercussions. A quick mental recitation of the Articles confirms that you're in the clear with the Colleges, as even if you were a Dwarf, you were still a magic user that existed within the bounds of Sigmar's Holy Empire, and as such the Colleges were able to bestow upon you full rights to study, document, practice, and experiment with the arcane forces of magic. As for everyone else... well, in your experience Dwarves are more likely to direct pity at you than hostility over this, considering how they feel about Umgi. Humans? Well, probably better to be a Dwarf than a Wizard in the eyes of most citizens of the Empire. Elves? From your admittedly limited experience with them, you suspect they'd scoff at the idea of a Dwarf doing magic, so they'd discount it as a salve for wounded Dwarven pride. As far as you can see, this announcement doesn't seem likely change anything for the worse. Time will tell whether it changes anything for the better.

You exhale and gather up the letters. You can continue mentally processing all of this on horseback as well as you could here, and there's still a lot of road ahead of you.

---

The thing about being a Lady Magister, you reason a day later under the calming influence of a few fingers of Kemperbadian brandy, is that you don't have to simply take an assignment. If you show interest in something, people will be invested enough in getting your assistance that they'll answer all the questions you have without needing to actually commit to it. You don't have to make the decision based on a few sentences on parchment, you can investigate the possibilities and figure out which one takes your fancy after you're much better informed.

Bolstered by this, you begin to weigh the possibilities in your mind the next day as you travel along the Upper Reik. You can't deny that things in Karak Eight Peaks have settled down considerably since you took the position of Loremaster, and recently you've been suspecting that a more traditional Loremaster would be better able to contribute to the Karak's long-term wellbeing by helping negotiate the return and immigration of Dwarf Clans, as well as smoothing over any conflicts that might arise amongst the Dwarves. Maybe your work in Karak Eight Peaks is done, maybe it's time to move on. Or maybe not. Either way, it wouldn't hurt to investigate.



[-] Sinecure
The first possibility, of course, is that you accept the current status quo as a reward for your hard work, rather than a deficiency to be addressed. Belegar will keep finding ways to make use of your talents, and you'll have time and resources enough for your pet projects, as well as still being on hand should something go drastically wrong and need correcting.

[ ] Loremaster-at-Large of Karak Eight Peaks
Or you could push Belegar to continue sending you afield. He does want to continue to enhance the stature of Karak Eight Peaks in the Karaz Ankor, and what better way to do that than for you to travel it and solve all their strangest problems? It would also mean getting to see every corner of the Dwarven world and encounter all the strangest phenomenon it would have to offer.

[ ] The Waystone Project
Or you could turn to the biggest possible project you could pursue. The Laurelorn Elves have voiced their desire to work with you to unravel as many secrets as possible about the network in the slightly inaccurate belief that you already have some of those secrets. This might be the only chance to pool the knowledge of the Laurelorn, the Empire, and the Karaz Ankor, and for a project that could do wonderful things. Sure, you doubt you'll be able to replicate the combined efforts of the Elves and Dwarves at their heights, but every scrap of understanding of the existing network could make all three peoples better able to protect and make use of the ancient energy streams.

[ ] Markgraf of Eastern Stirland
A Markgraf exists to transform troublesome land into a land of productive and obedient tax-payers, usually after said land has been conquered. Historically, it also apparently exists to create rivals to the Elector Count that appointed them, which is probably why the letter made it so clear that no inheritable position would accompany the title of Markgraf. It still remains a position of extreme power, prestige, and influence, second only to the Elector Counts themselves. And it would be quite a feather in your cap if you could one day boast to have pacified Sylvania.

[ ] Count of Sylvania
Or you could go even further with House Weber and turn them - well, turn you - into proper aristocracy. One slice of Sylvania would be significantly easier to pacify than its entirety, and rulership in this corner of the world seems to have worked out quite well for the former Countess of Nachthafen.

[ ] Spymaster of Wissenland
Grand Count Konstantin von Liebwitz of Wissenland is known to be quite touchy about his independence, so when you spread word that the Skaven were in a civil war, he lead the forces of his county against the Skaven stronghold of Under-Nuln without any outside assistance except a single Dwarven diplomat. It went rather poorly, as the Civil War had already been decided there and what he had taken for continued fighting was mere squabbling over the spoils. Reading between the lines of the offer, it seems that there may be further consequences for that failed attack, and Wissenland wants your help to avert them.

[ ] Ambassador-at-Large to the Karaz Ankor
An Ambassador is appointed to a single polity, whereas an Ambassador-at-Large has broader rights for many more places. In this case, for the entire Karaz Ankor. A prestigious and important position, and one that might be a stepping stone into even greater positions within the administrative infrastructure of the Empire. You may not be quite as diplomatic as other candidates might be, but you pride yourself on your understanding of Dwarves and your reputation amongst them is, to put it mildly, rather good.

[ ] Bodyguard and Tutor to Prince Mandred
Though the offer came through the Chamberlain of the Imperial House, this has Heidi's fingerprints all over it. You're not sure if the offer is for exactly what it says or as a cover for beings her catspaw as she plays politics, but either way it would be a position extremely close to the levers of power, and one that would let you have a huge amount of influence over the likely future Emperor.

[ ] Governor-General of Swamp Town
This one is an oddity. The others, you can follow the logic as to why it was offered to you, specifically. But why Swamp Town? Are things there so drastic they need a powerful Wizard to get it under control? Is something particularly magical going on there? Has it become a haven for Black Magisters? Whatever the case, if you want mysteries and adventure, there's few places like the New World for encountering both on a regular basis.

[ ] Ranaldian High Priest of Kislev
Another one from Heidi, this one more directly. This is a wheel you set in motion yourself, and perhaps it's suitable that you follow it through to the end, resolve the grudge between Ranald and the Gods of Kislev, and establish the worship of your oldest friend in a new land. You did leave quite a few mysteries behind in and around Kislev that you'd quite like to get to the bottom of, and it would be fun to have the undeniable right to attend future Grand Conclaves.

[ ] Border Princess of the Howling River
With Karak Vlag returned, the only pass through the World's Edge Mountains that is not dominated by an existing Dwarfhold is Mad Dog Pass. It seems that Barak Varr wants to change that. Many have tried to make something useful of the sprawling, anarchic lands known as the Border Princes over the years, and one of the few times it was managed was almost two thousand years ago, when Emperor Sigismund the Conquerer established the province of Lichtenberg. With Dwarven support, perhaps you can follow in his footsteps.

[-] Nagarythe
For delivering a Druchii that had been working with Clan Moulder to the Nagarythian Ulthuan Ambassador, you were given a token that will allow you to live and fight alongside them for ninety-nine days. There's no time limit on it except for your lifespan, all you have to do is arrive in Lothern and present the token. You did just complete quite an adventure, but perhaps that whetted your appetite enough for another.

[-] Research Sabbatical
You can't deny that your research projects have been piling up, and it might be nice to take some time off to concentrate on getting through those. But it would mean no immediate challenges to keep you engaged, no employer resources to draw on, and no payroll to keep the Wizards you've gotten used to working with around and focused.


This vote is for which possibilities Mathilde will investigate. No commitment is being made here, the results of this vote will be the roles Mathilde looks further into, so vote for whatever ones you are interested in. Some of the possibilities are marked [-]. This signifies there's not really anything to investigate, but they're still listed here for reference purposes. You can still vote for them if you really want to and if someone votes for them by accident, it's not a problem. Don't take the results of this vote as an ironclad indication of what the thread's interested in - being curious enough to want to find out more is not the same as being interested enough to dedicate the next swathe of the quest to it.


-There will be a three hour moratorium. If there's another position or project you want Mathilde to consider, feel free to suggest it.
- I say again, this is not the vote for selecting Mathilde's next assignment. This is for what she's interested enough in to find out more about.
- There's no set cut-off points for what will win. I'll decide based on what the final vote looks like. Simply vote for what you like the sound of and want to know more about.
-The job offers were originally posted here; the announcement from Karaz-a-Karak was originally posted here.
- Mathilde missed the Karak Vlag meeting with Thorgrim because I tried to write it a bunch of times and it wasn't working. Mathilde won't miss out on any accolades because of this, they've just been delayed a little.
- The decision for how/whether to spend Mathilde's boons and such will be made after the next assignment is locked in.
  </body>
</html>