<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Six)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Six)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Vote Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan no idea what I'm doing<br/>
-[X] Interdict<br/>
--[X] 2nd, 4th and 10th Fleets<br/>
-[X] Continued Bombardment<br/>
--[X] 1st Fleet<br/>
-[X] Change Company Deployments For The Planets<br/>
--[X] 4th and 10th Company to Matsuya <br/>
-[X] Matsuya<br/>
--[X] top<br/>
---[X] All ground forces<br/>
----[X] If possible, use Cyrus's Death-Mark to pull forces away from the Queens<br/>
----[X] Use the Librarius to avoid further Death-Marks</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<i>GM NOTE: I'm sincerely sorry for the delays. Life has been...life. </i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b>​</div><br/>
The first of many had fallen, and yet it had been a grievous task nonetheless. But as ever, the more knowledge of the foe the Blood Ravens possessed, the better they could plan their assaults. Considering the effort and materials used up in the slaying of but one Queen of the xeno race, it was decided by Gabriel Angelos that they would concentrate their forces upon the plant of Matsuya. While this would allow the aliens to reinforce the worlds that were left without space marine presence, at the very least the Scarlet Lions would ensure that the world of Vatsa would feel the full force of their wrath and indignation. In an odd mirror, they would be scouring the planet for evidence of the false lions, just as said imposters had sought to do the same for their own quarry. Hundreds of marines redeployed thusly, injuries and wounds healed en route to their new deployments. Many ships, of both chapters, shifted position as well back out into the void such that they could interdict against the surely incoming alien fleet which would be arriving soon.<br/>
<br/>
“Fight well, Lion,” Gabriel declared to the foreign Force Commander. “We shall meet again, soon.”<br/>
<br/>
“Verily, Chapter Master Angelos. We shall be but a planet away!” Bartorius replied back in his odd Gothic before striding away to a waiting thunderhawk.<br/>
<br/>
The assembled leadership of both companies shared similar sentiments amongst themselves before separating properly. The Blood Ravens strode as one towards their own transports. A new target had been decided upon shortly before. Though they knew not the Suysh Queen’s name, they knew where she was thanks to the efforts of scouts and tactical analysis. A deeply dug canyon manufactorum complex which both refined mined materials from across the planet and produced small arms and light vehicles at the same time. The angle of it made bombing runs difficult, what with it being built into the very sides of the canyon, and orbital bombardment was not a prominent option due to the importance of the complex itself for the industrial capacity of the planet.<br/>
<br/>
“The 4th Company and the rest of 10th Company will be arriving soon, Chapter Master,” Sicarius informed Gabriel as they stomped up the ramp into the waiting thunderhawks.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel simply nodded and glanced over to where the Chief Librarian himself stood amongst the rest of his assembled Librarius.<br/>
<br/>
“Justinian!” He called out, causing the large marine to turn about, psychic light flickering out of his eyes even when he closed them. “Are they ready?”<br/>
<br/>
“As ready as they can be,” Justinian grunted, clapping a hand over the somewhat recovered Trajan Maphar’s shoulder. “We have examined the memories of young Trajan, but it will remain to be seen if we can challenge such a released psychic presence until we are actually faced with it.”<br/>
<br/>
“I suppose that is the best that can be done, for now,” Gabriel muttered before jerking his head towards the transports. “But enough of this. We must begin the assault. The 4th and remainder of the 10th will join us when they can.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================​</div><br/>
The Slategrass Canyon Complex was an odd beast, but not one without openings to it. Exhaust piping and cooling stacks which sprouted up out of the ground like squat metal bulbs. Launch and loading bays from where ceaseless transports arrived and departed both in the age of the Imperium’s rule and now under the alien’s dominance. Such transport streams slowed, and then ceased, however, with the encroachment of the Blood Ravens. Weapons-fire, and interceptions by the Thunderhawks, began to choke their ability to reinforce and supply themselves. This had the natural result of causing the Suysh to begin concentrating what forces they possessed and begin building up defensive positions. They, just as the Hive which had been concentrated in the mountain, knew most likely what it was the enemy intended. The psychic shockwave of a Queen’s death had most certainly alerted the other Queen’s upon the planet as to the death of one of their peers. Further evidence of this was the splitting apart of the remaining alien forces around Bluevein and across the planet in two different directions. Subterfuge would no longer serve the alien in concealing their presence, and they knew it.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Death-Mark Abuse: 54 vs. 29</b><br/>
<br/>
However, what could not be discounted was the sheer power of their alien instincts. The moment Cyrus Octavius, Master of Recruits and Captain of the 10th Company, entered within some unknown range of distance, a great many of the Slategrass Canyon’s occupants abandoned their posts. For all that a new Queen had asserted dominance over a great many of them, many evacuating to the complex under Blood Raven and Scarlet Lion fire, they were inextricably soul-locked upon avenging the death of the one who had birthed them. Prepared defensive positions, chokepoints, cross-fire set-ups, and more were left emptied as the aliens screamed for the blood and meat of the one who had performed the greatest of crimes known to the Suysh. In turn, Cyrus turned about whilst in a land speeder, forcing the aliens to chase after him. The approaching Blood Raven lines purposefully split apart themselves, allowing a massive gap between them to allow the aliens – insane as they were with chemical fury and psychic commands – to pass by without aggression. There were greater targets awaiting them in any case.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Initial Assault Paths<br/>
Infiltration: 93 vs. 49<br/>
Open Attacks: 4 vs. 56<br/>
Deep Striking: 82 vs. 39</b><br/>
<br/>
Though they were bereft of their Captain’s leadership, Cyrus had prepared the 10th Company well. Veteran scout sergeants led them into disappearing into the complex’s chimneys, cooling stacks, and exhaust releases. The heat and smog within them would have blinded and choked those without the specialized organs and equipment the space marines possessed. Once within, information began to flow from the scouts reports. Enemy numbers and positions, armories, and the like. They even began initial assassination efforts, as well as laying down explosives to block out alien pushes from certain portions of the complex. On the outside, things did not progress nearly as well.<br/>
<br/>
With all the fury that could be mustered, the Blood Ravens began to descend the canyon walls, or advanced from either end of the canyon’s reaches. But despite the abandoning of a great many defenses by those most recently inducted into the Slategrass hive, there remained plenty more to take up those same positions once more. The Blood Ravens pushed, and the alien pushed back, heat cannons and slug weaponry firing in enormous arcs to grind down any who tried to intrude. A full three dozen pushes were enacted by the Angels of Death, only to find that they were repulsed every time, garnering only injuries ranging from light to grievous for their efforts. Captain Sicarius, chosen to lead this assault, refused to waver for even a moment, however. He was unbowed despite the setbacks, and through the flames, proved his mettle well enough at ensuring that his brothers did not falter. Besides which, he knew that it was unlikely in the first place that they would be able to simply smash their way through the enemy defenses.<br/>
<br/>
But then, he did not need to.<br/>
<br/>
Especially when the 1st Company teleported past the enemy lines, aided by the presence of laid down beacons and repeaters by the 10th Company. The Honor Guard followed the Chapter Master himself as they flashed into existence in the deeper portions of the canyon complex, storm bolters and assault cannons beginning firing before the Suysh could even begin to register their presence. Gun emplacements were smashed from behind, reinforcement mobs of aliens shredded to pieces and slaughtered in great number. Heavy flamers and power weaponry lit up the darkness in brief glorious flashes of purging flame and shearing destruction. Xeno commanders found themselves attacked within their bunkers and bastions with abandon. Here, linked up with the infiltrators of the 10th Company, they ensured that enemy communication relays also fell dark, alarms silenced before they could activate, ensuring the carnage could continue at length. It would take half an hour for the aliens to manage to propagate the fact that they had been attacked from behind, and thus the fire levied upon Captain Sicarius’ detachment was lessened quite rapidly.<br/>
<br/>
At which point he ordered a full charge as the Suysh turned around inside their tunnels and pillboxes upon the onrushing terminator-clad 1st Company whilst the 10th Company fired from the shadows.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Defense Destruction: 77 vs. 88</b><br/>
<br/>
Trapped as they were, with absolutely nowhere to go, the Suysh fought with fatalistic abandon. Marines fell, some rising, some remaining still as they were locked into suspended animation by their own biology. And yet there were those who would never rise again. A marine of the 2nd Company who was left as nothing more than a torso and some of a neck, the rest of his body devoured by his killers before they too were shot apart. A marine of the 4th, newly arrived from orbit, had fallen as his helmet was forcibly torn from his shoulders by a pair of hungerers, his skull turned to slag. There, too, came casualties amongst the 10th Company, those not yet as masterful as their seniors in matters of stealth. Overall, however, the action was successful enough.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens had entered the complex, the aliens not doughty enough to repulse them. Only one half of the complex required insertion in the first place, the other side of the canyon not entertaining the presence of a Queen. Nevertheless, the most injured of the Blood Ravens, who could not be carelessly thrown against the heavy defenses awaiting the Chapter, were instead granted another duty. To take up their own new defensive positions, absconding with or outright replacing the emplacements of the xenos. Rapiers and predators, incapable of journeying through the tightest quarters, were instead placed here. Sicarius took to this new duty with a grim implacableness, swearing an oath that not one alien would pass by his cordon while the rest of the Blood Ravens delved within.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================​</div><br/>
Gabriel examined the corpse of one of the larger Suysh subspecies, its dreadnought-sized frame releasing a nearly unholy stench from its ruptured innards. This one had not even died to a blow from without, rather it was it attempting to consume a fallen marine that had killed it. A bandolier of krak grenades had split its bolter-resistant carapace from within in a massive explosion. The marine in question, one Brother Tybolt, still yet lived. The marine of the 4th Company was angrier about the fact that, while he had managed to escape the creature’s jaws, his grenades had not, than anything else. It seemed that the demeanor of the 4th’s Captain was beginning to be imitated by his company.<br/>
<br/>
All around him, the rest of the Blood Ravens were rallying up. The 10th Company, with Cyrus at their head, had already disappeared into the interior, doing their duty. It was now time for them to do the same. The concentrated psychic might of the Chapter was present, their safety paramount more than anything else to hopefully counteract the repercussions of the mission being undertaken. Also nearby was a fully assembled so-called ‘Fist of Faith’ formation, the black armor and skull masks of thirteen different chaplains making them stand out almost as much as the blue armored librarians amongst the Blood Ravens. At their head was the Master of Sanctity himself, Hannibal Palrun, of whom Gabriel knew it was whispered had gained the moniker of the Crimson Goliath. As for himself? Gabriel carefully bent his head from side to side, feeling the ever more seamless transition between bionic and flesh in terms of sensation, the troubles of the past failing to mark him here and now.<br/>
<br/>
Then he spied Apollo Diomedes, standing nearby yet apart from all of his brethren. It had been a divergent choice, he knew. There was no position known as ‘Chapter Master’s Bodyguard’ anywhere within the Codex. Yet he had watched, and he had listened, both to Apollo himself and from Hannibal who had served as the confessionary chaplain for Apollo for decades now. For a wonder, they had arrested the worrying descent that the champion had been spiraling into. Yet, in that same vein, they had not seen much improvement either. Hannibal had pointed out that Apollo still, even now, desired something…else. Penance, perhaps. Redemption, really. Something he could not achieve in a position as lofty as he currently stood within, counted as a close companion to the Chapter Master still despite the change in just who that Chapter Master was.<br/>
<br/>
Starting over as a mere battle brother, to make his way once more, had been brought up by some, Gabriel knew. As had being sent over to the Chaplaincy instead, perhaps to use his lessons to aid in their vital work. The Deathwatch was another suggestion, this one brought up by Apollo himself in his private confessionals with Hannibal. A privacy only broached due to Apollo only somewhat subtly implying that the Master of Sanctity could and should bring it up to Gabriel. There were few places a marine could go that would so surely test them and punish in equal measure to the extent that Apollo so clearly still desired. As a member of a kill-team, or perhaps even more extreme, a lone kill-marine, Apollo would be pushed in ways that the chapter could not yet. Save perhaps for leaving on a suicidal one-man mission into the Eye of Terror or to the planet of Armageddon.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================​</div><br/>
<b>Slategrass Complex Invasion 46 vs. 90</b><br/>
<br/>
The initial invasion of the complex depths did not go well. This was undeniable. It was not simply the sheer numbers that the Suysh rallied to defend themselves, but the variety as well. An absolute deluge of hungerers, their ogryn-esque yet alien physique allowing them to burst through walls. Royal guard erupted from the floors and ceilings within which the Blood Ravens marched, while stalker forms slunk out of vents to drop explosives and unleash unique alien poisons. Multiple void screamers were sighted, and yet at least here the presence of the combined Librarius allowed for a definitive series of defeats in the favor of the space marines. More than one void screamer found their very souls snuffed out by the burning light unleashed by Justinius personally, while other mere lexicanum worked in tandem to provide a numbers advantage against individual alien psykers. The aliens knew the environment well, and unlike Bluevein had highly altered the environment of the complex to suit their unique biology and methodology. Entire sections of the complex were utterly changed compared to the blueprints provided of the area, forcing improvisation whilst under immense pressure.<br/>
<br/>
Marines fought, and marines died.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Grinding Forward: 61 vs. 96</b><br/>
<br/>
Even the terminators of the 1st Company began to slow, the sheer weight of fire upon them, both chemically propelled and heat-based taking their toll on even their venerable armors. The front ranks of space marines began to glow white hot, beginning to cook slightly in their armors. One unfortunate marine suffered seal breaches due to a stalker’s weaponry and began to have his armor’s innards fuse to both black carapace and skin alike through the heat unleashed upon him. Elsewhere, blood-crazed clawborn were shoved forward by uncaring hungerers and bloodclaws to launch suicide assaults. Enough volume of xenos explosives strapped to their bodies were enough to send even ceramite-clad space marines flying backwards, trapping many under rubble as well. The war in the shadows did not progress well either, a successful insertion allowing too many neophytes to build up unearned confidence, only to find themselves cut down in the darkness by Suysh stalkers or discovered by void screamers.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Rally Push: 99 vs. 45</b><br/>
<br/>
“ENOUGH OF THIS!” Hannibal Palrun roared, rising up from behind cover, his black armor already chipped and pitted heavily. “IN THE NAME OF THE EMPEROR CHARGE!”<br/>
<br/>
He lifted his crozius in one hand, bellowing, and leapt forward. None others could join him in this suicidal feat, none save the rest of the chaplaincy. Thirteen in all, they charged, each screaming out a personalized litany of fury and hatred towards the alien. The largest walking space marine in the chapter led the charge all the way into the Suysh defenses, uncaring of the wounds inflicted on him. With one titanic smash of Thunder Blood into a heavy flamer emplacement, he was bathed in light and flame as the weapon’s fuel cells erupted. But he did not pause, did not cease, instead continuing on whilst quite literally emblazoned. The high copper content in that particular promethium mixture set the flames with a particular green tint, and yet through the blaze strode the rest of the Fist of Faith, fully formed.<br/>
<br/>
“WE LIVE AND DIE AS BROTHERS! NOW, WITH ME, BREAK THEIR LINES!”<br/>
<br/>
A royal guard approached, its rumbling steps as heavy as Tomb-Captain Thule’s own revered frame, yet under the sheer might of Hannibal it was lifted up and thrown amidst a crush of chaplains who beat upon it into gravity-blasted meat with their weapons. An entire platoon’s worth of hungerers attempted to stymie the punishing charge and found themselves counter-charged instead. No wound seemed capable of causing the chaplains to slow, each blow levied upon them either in melee or by ranged weaponry only seemed to incense them further. Always, always at their head, was Hannibal, who alternatively screamed in fury or laughed in derision at the dozens of attempts made to kill him in as many seconds. The further the Fist of Faith progressed into the Suysh lines, the more those lines fractured and compacted, allowing the rest of the Chapter to rise up and attack without pause.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel personally led the Honor Guard in a stomping advance in the same vein as the chaplains in a slightly different location, their success introducing another heavy fracture in the enemy defenses. Between him and Apollo Diomedes, the foe found themselves toppled again and again. Within an hour, the fight was done, the remaining Suysh either slain or retreating. Hannibal was found atop a mound of corpses, his bronze skin charred black as his armor where portions of the ceramite had been destroyed. His chest heaved, the red gleam of his helmet’s lenses seeming to burn with a righteous light. But he stood regardless, his wounds clotting and healing already, the rest of the chaplaincy assembled about him at various heights upon the mound. They too had all suffered wounds ranging from light to grievous, but they troubled them not.<br/>
<br/>
The apothecaries would see to them as they marched.<br/>
<br/>
“Forward, brothers, we must advance!” Gabriel called out, striding into the choking heat and darkness as he did so.<br/>
<br/>
Without pause, the Blood Ravens followed.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================​</div><br/>
Captain Hadrian seemed motionless as he sat upon the command throne, but in truth his mind was afire with information and communications passing across the chapter fleet. While some of the ships had been seconded for orbital bombardment work, he knew his duty here was just as important. Thankfully he had received reinforcements in the form of the supposedly true Scarlet Lions. Even better was the communication brought by Martellus, who had finally brought the repair systems of the Sacred Crown back online. It was not the same as true major shipyard, but with the aid of the tech marines the work would be more than enough given proper time. After the planets were taken back fully, it was likely that it would only take a few months for the Blood Raven fleet to be repaired enough to advance towards the enemy home system.<br/>
<br/>
If they ever found the coordinates that was. Speaking of which…<br/>
<br/>
“Martellus,” Hadrian grunted, “Any progress on discerning the coordinates of the Suysh home system?”<br/>
<br/>
The response took a moment, but eventually it came with a crackle of static and a hissing sigh on the part of the Master of the Forge.<br/>
<br/>
“We are still working on it. The more Suysh ships you destroy and tow back to the station, the more of their filthy alien machines we can examine. We have a few fragments, here and there, and are narrowing it down, but more is needed.”<br/>
<br/>
There was a sudden cacophony of warning klaxons which caused several of the bridge crew to jump slightly in their seats. Hadrian cut off the communication with Martellus without hesitation and ordered his ships to ready up. It was well he did so, for no sooner than had the Blood Ravens and Scarlet Lion fleet begun orienting themselves towards the gravimetric disturbances than did another fleet of Suysh ships slip out of the warp and into reality once more. This time, there was no noticeable royalty-bearing vessel amongst them, but that was fine enough with Hadrian. They somewhat even outnumbered the enemy, that fact among others making Hadrian posit that it was in fact a scouting fleet, sent to investigate the loss of communications and the lack of response from one of their precious Queens.<br/>
<br/>
He was more than happy to inform the Suysh exactly as to what had happened with the aid of his bombardment cannons.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Hadrian! Huzzah! It seems that we once more may partake of joined battle betwixt our fleets against yon alien filth! Let us engage in glorious battle as brothers!”<br/>
<br/>
He could do without Captain Kallek’s comments, he would admit privately, though at least he brought ships with them.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================​</div><br/>
<b>Complex Descending<br/>
Infiltrators: 38 vs. 18<br/>
Main Force: 78 vs. 43<br/>
Rear Guard: 93 vs. 79</b><br/>
<br/>
“For the glory of the Imperium!” Gabriel boomed as he shouldered aside another dying Suysh while smashing aside a charging hungerer with his thunder hammer.<br/>
<br/>
Deeper and deeper into the complex did the Blood Ravens descend. Over the course of a week there was a maelstrom of violence unleashed upon the alien which had dared to take the complex for their own. A storm that the aliens had never thought to face, never had been made to face before. These were not the scant PDF who had faltered in the beginning days of the alien invasion. Nor were these the desperate guerillas who had remained afterwards, only to be hunted down in the years afterward. These were the Emperor’s Angels of Death. These were the Blood Ravens. And though some of them may have fallen getting into the complex, they refused to relent. The apothecaries performed admirably, ensuring many a wound was healed or patched, whilst working in tandem with the techmarines to provide field maintenance on dozens of venerable suits of power armor to ensure continued combat was even possible.<br/>
<br/>
Under Gabriel’s leadership, they marshaled a punishing pace indeed, even for space marines. At any given moment, bolters were firing, lascannons were sending spears of light down tunnels, and missile fire was transforming the insides of passageways into smoking piles of meat chunks and shattered alien metals. The dreadnoughts were of particular use, some remaining back at the cordon line in Hellfire variants while others were equipped as pure Assault Dreadnought patterns. At their head was Tomb-Captain Thule, whose leadership and fury against the enemies of the Imperium were welcome indeed. He was just as likely to help pick up a faltering marine with impossibly delicate usage of his appendages as he was to use the bulk of his frame to shatter walls and Suysh bodies in equal measure.<br/>
<br/>
The pressure levied against the Blood Ravens did not lessen, no, but in fact increased. But such was to be expected, considering the mission at hand, yet still the Blood Ravens refused to slow. Behind them, too, the other half of the Hive boiled up out of the various entrances and exits of the canyon and immediately threw themselves against the side which the Blood Ravens had claimed for their own. Captain Sicarius threw back just as many attacks upon his position as the Suysh threw against Gabriel Angelos and his brothers. Heavy bolters and plasma cannons fired again and again, shell casings falling in enormous piles around various space marines.<br/>
<br/>
“None shall pass, alien scum!” Sicarius roared as he fired his plasma cannon again and again.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================​</div><br/>
<b>Interdiction<br/>
Blood Ravens: 62<br/>
Scarlet Lions: 73<br/>
Suysh Scout Fleet:  43</b><br/>
<br/>
“Send out the techmarines and servitors to scavenge the wrecks,” Hadrian ordered, eyes straining against the dozen tactical screens he’d pulled up around him.<br/>
<br/>
The fleet had not taken too much damage, more scars and scrapes than anything else. But every bit of damage was something to be repaired later. Thankfully, with the permissions of the Chapter Master, he would order some of the ships back to the Sacred Crown for such. Without it, he knew that it was just as likely that even if they possessed the coordinates to properly locate the enemy homeworld they would not be able to persecute the war properly. The longer it took them to conquer the planets present, the longer it would take for them to repair their ships? The more time the enemy had to prepare. Time he did not wish them to have. But for now, he would remain present, just in case the enemy had more ships to immediately throw at them. Though he could not help but wince slightly internally as the cross-ship vox crackled once more.<br/>
<br/>
“A most glorious battle forthwith, Blood Raven!” Kallek boomed in his ears. “Victory hath been made here pon this stellar battlefield!”<br/>
<br/>
“…indeed,” Hadrian sighed. “What is the status of your ships?”<br/>
<br/>
“Mine own ships art hale and hearty, forsooth!”<br/>
<br/>
“…I see.”<br/>
<br/>
The Imperium was vast. The galaxy vaster still. Yet Hadrian could not help but violently desire to know just who was responsible for providing the planetary lexicon for lost Lemnos. Or perhaps at the very least to know how it had changed in the past ten thousand years since the Great Crusade to become…that. And then somewhere bombardment cannons would factor in, he just couldn’t figure out where or when. In any case, the battle had been won, not after hours and days of fighting in the darkness but in a wild accelerated rush at close range. A fight the Suysh normally excelled in, but then, they simply had not faced space marines before. And while Hadrian’s company were now fighting a planetary battle, the Scarlet Lions had seen fit to donate twenty-five of each of their companies present to fight within the void.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Delving Deep<br/>
51 vs. 35<br/>
80 vs. 73<br/>
100 vs. 77</b><br/>
<br/>
A level, and then another. Vast amounts of the complex had been constructed with a mixture of rockcrete and plascrete where greater durability was required. This, in turn, had been supplemented with alien alloys of foreign production to shore up perceived weaknesses within the mind of the alien. The deeper one went, the more changes were obvious, entire hallways and caverns carved out for the singular purpose of allowing the Queen greater access. This was, at least, the surmised opinion of the Librarius after vigorous debate. Considering the average size of a Suysh Queen, it was necessary for them to secret themselves deep within the earth more often than not. It was then the Hive’s responsibility to cover up the trenches and holes dug by their presence. Unfortunately for the aliens, the psykers of the Blood Ravens were capable of discerning the echoes left behind by such a presence, whether experienced or freshly promoted. For all that their physical forms were disgusting sacks of slimy and undulating scales and fat, their psychic presences were – once properly studied – actually discernable against the background of their multitudinous broods. If one strained. And worked together with the rest of the Librarius.<br/>
<br/>
A dozen tales of brilliance and heroism were born within the darkness of the complex where alien geometries and design philosophy first melded with and then completely overtook stalwart Imperial construction. Apollo Diomedes grappled with two hungerers at the same time, slaying them both even as terminators of the 1st Company struggled to reach him through a mob of bodies. Davian Thule may have been placed within a dreadnought, but he thundered down the passages belting out hymnals of hate from his broadcast systems at the highest speed he could push his sarcophagus.  The Chapter Master struck down void screamer after void screamer with his hammer, while elsewhere the Fist of Faith stormed through line after line. The skull-helmed preachers shattered every defensive emplacement that the enemy tried to put up to stop them, only ever pausing just long enough for the apothecaries to plug the holes in their flesh and the techmarines to patch the holes in their armor. Said techmarines also used their collected knowledge, knowledge that grew after every battle, to sabotage enemy equipment from afar. At least, enough for the scouts to rise up and blow them to pieces. There were holding actions, pincer movements, tunneling explosions, ambushes, charges and counter-charges, and more. The enemy grew ever more frenzied, but the Blood Ravens would not relent. They could not be stopped, not even slowed. They were outnumbered, vastly so, but that had ever been the case in this conflict.<br/>
<br/>
The Royal Guard were summoned, the mightiest warriors that the Suysh could bring to bear, and these too fell. Torn asunder by the claws of Davian Thule. Beaten down by the hammers of Chapter Master Angelos and Apollo Diomedes. Vaporized entirely by the combined psychic might of the Librarius. Shot apart, blown up, ambushed, buried, and in some cases simply overrun. Hundreds of space marines fought through the tunnels with all the might that the Emperor could grant them and all the incalculable fury for the alien that they could muster. Even the neophytes, those not even granted the blessings of the gene-seed, fought alongside those they would soon become with admirable skill. Something not missed by the scout sergeants and Captain Octavius himself.<br/>
<br/>
For days, then weeks, they dove deep beneath the earth. Regular resupply missions were carried out by the aid of the thunderhawks bringing in more war material, a steady strain of servitors and neophytes hefting enormous pallets of ammunition and teleporter beacons into already cleared passages. All to ensure that the momentum was kept at the blistering pace that had been achieved. Until, finally, they reached the deepest hollow left within the complex. A place where the Suysh Queen had carved out for itself, after squeezing its disgusting amorphous bulk through the complex, a place wholly given over to the xeno mind and preference just beyond the noble Imperial architecture. A place that could not have been dug to due to the instability such efforts might have caused to the complex itself, nor bombarded from orbit if one intended to restore the facility. That would have taken months, perhaps longer, for an Imperial Guard regiment to batter their way into.<br/>
<br/>
But it did not face the Imperial Guard.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Extermination Efforts<br/>
45 vs. 33<br/>
29 vs. 10<br/>
59 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
When it was revealed, the pict-captures later placed into the Librarius records would show a horribly bloated thing. It was of a slightly redder complexion than the Queen previously killed, but its disgusting flab and constant birthing of mucous covered eggs slopping out of its overly porous skin was familiar enough. It screeched continuously, an endless screaming drone which caused the air to reverberate continuously. Practically reclining within its mountains of eggs, it writhed back and forth as more were produced. The Librarius were able to warn of a psychic pulse which began to emanate from it, hundreds of eggs splitting open and releasing all manner of Suysh at various stages of gestation simultaneously. This newly birthed horde staggered out and towards the Blood Ravens at steadily increasing pace alongside the rest of their hive who had already been present.<br/>
<br/>
The battle lines had been drawn, but the Blood Ravens knew they need not approach any further than they already had. For they had brought all the ordinance they needed with them. Even as the Suysh charged into prepared heavy bolter and lascannon positions, the whirlwinds of the Blood Ravens began to unleash their devastating payloads. Every time the Suysh threatened to actually breach the lines, assault marines rose high into the cavern’s air before descending to earth with bone-shattering force. The Queen screamed in pain as the initial incendiary payload of six artillery platforms slammed into her enormous and thus easily targetable frame, and screamed further still as krak missiles followed shortly after to break through her fatty and now burning exterior. This caused the Suysh to fight even harder. Heat cannons and rapid fire slug throwing weaponry set the Blood Ravens and the ground around them to glowing even as craters began being blown into them.<br/>
<br/>
Here and there, the sheer volume alone coupled with far more accuracy than, say, orks would be capable of ensured that even the power armor of the space marines would take damage. More than one marine was sent flying backwards as a missile struck the ground near them, or their body head on. Most were gathered up by the apothecaries, while a few doughty marines instead chose to get right back up and into the fight then and there. In one nearly dire case, a veteran of the 1st Company, Sergeant Flavius, shifted his terminator-clad body into one such missile, blocking bodily what would have otherwise wiped out a squad of neophytes who had managed to get too close to the front. All the while, the whirlwinds continued to fire. They alternated between the three missile types, starting with the traditional explosive warheads, to the incendiaries, to the krak missiles, and back again.<br/>
<br/>
With each salvo, the Librarius flared their own psychic abilities to counter-act those of the enemy. And it was needed. For the true threat of a Queen aware of her foes was not to be discounted. Localized psychic lightning storms began to form, only to barely be snuffed out by the Librarians. Void screamers, the enemy psykers, would erupt in skin-flaying and armor breaking explosions of pure psychically charge sound. Gigantic spears of heat would stab from nowhere, capable of sending a space marine flying and killing a neophyte after a handful of seconds of exposure. All of these and more, the Librarius fought, the whole assembled might of the chapter locked into a ritual circle of their own design, each channeling together with the Chief Librarian at their head.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, who struck the final blow could not be told for certain. The whirlwind crews had grown ever more synchronized as the fighting had gone on, after all.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================​</div><br/>
Justininus was aware of the alien’s vile soul leaving its putrid flesh behind the very second it happened. With a single hard clenched fist, the physical realm departed, leaving the mind-melting cornucopia of impossibility and half-reality to be revealed in its place. Around him was a massive corona of psychic energies, much of it not even his own, as fellow librarians worked to support him. He saw the true form of the Suysh Queen’s soul, abhorrent in the extreme, just as it saw him. Here, it had ballooned in malformed shape compared to its now dead body, but the stains of its death were still there. Huge portions of its projected form were missing, signs of the violent explosions that had caused its death. He heard it begin to speak, but he cared not for the contents, for the vengeance it promised to levy upon him. Instead, he raised his arms to his sides, palms facing towards it and fingers clenching.<br/>
<br/>
He knew what was coming next.<br/>
<br/>
The Librarius as a group more felt, than saw, the Queen’s attentions shift towards the whirlwind crews. They could not see the threat facing them, though they were aware of the consequences of being the deliverers of death in this instance. To those with the capability of seeing, it was a horrific thing to behold. Even as her form, her very being, was disintegrating from the stresses being placed upon it, she flooded towards the whirlwind crews. Her wailing shrieks burnt dozens of daemons and lesser creatures of the warp from existence even while the rage behind it birthed as many more. Then, for just an instant, Justinius shifted his being, interposing himself before what was becoming less the a fallen being and more the fury of a dying star.<br/>
<br/>
Phantom heat came, pouring outwards, a final order to be given.<br/>
<br/>
Only to slam into vast black wings, so dark as to swallow all light before them. A stark, dour thing, standing in total contrast to the self-combusting blaze which assailed it. All around them, the warp screamed as it ever did, but here, now, in this one instance, there was the resounding and solidified concept of protection. Of cessation. The origins of the protective work were storied indeed, and one never to be revealed to those not of the Librarius due to certain portions of its foundational sources. But in any case, it held, the image of protective black wings held strong, a beating core of blindingly bright red crystal at the center with Justinius himself at its core. The Queen raged, and beat upon the shield held up before it, and yet…it held.<br/>
<br/>
Physically, none could see the Librarius anymore once the ritual had begun. Marines nearby were forced to turn their heads away as the light grew ever brighter, purest white light flickering with motes of absolute black. A pair of Lexicanum collapsed, blood trickling from their eyes and ears, while elsewhere a codicier’s ritual chanting transformed into one long ragged scream that seemed to possess no end. The apothecaries could do nothing but watch, and trust that the bodies of the Librarians would hold out long enough to receive aid. All the while, Justinius stood, motionless, without even sweat on his brow to show the struggle he was undertaking in withstanding the Queen’s final act. His eyes had become as of solid light, now.<br/>
<br/>
Again, and again, the Queen slammed her bulk against his shield, desperate now to reach her killers. More and more of the soul was used up in each strike, from its own stresses and from the parasites which were beginning to feast upon a rapidly decaying soul. Soon, near mindless now, it turned and instead focused upon the Chapter Master himself even as he stood at the battle line locked in combat. Here, then, was the master of all those who had fought against her hive, had ordered her death. Yet as such blazed towards him, the shield shifted and blocked her once again. Again, the Queen’s flickering soul turned, to Apollo Diomedes, who was responsible for saving the life of the Chapter Master after his near death on Cyrene. And again, this time with its strength spent further and further, it was blocked.<br/>
<br/>
Eventually…despair rose up even past the previously incandescent fury, and the alien found that it could not batter its way through the defense conjured. It could not go around it, nor divert it.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, as it flailed ever weaker, Justinius Probalis watched with restrained calm as it dissipated entirely.<br/>
<br/>
In reality, the psychic duel lasted but moments. The Queen died, and the psychic and biological reaction that was so feared on a dozen planets throughout the rest of the sector simply did not come to pass. There was no overdrive of adrenal production, no absolute fearlessness, no charging swarms with skins splitting from rapidly mutated musculature which could pick up space marines and tear them apart with their bare hands. There was, starkly, nothing.<br/>
<br/>
And then there was terror.<br/>
<br/>
For the Suysh, this had never been done. A Queen would fall, and a target would be set. The hive would be reabsorbed later on by another. Even in the days of civil conflict between the hives, where the Queens fought each other, such a thing had never been done. It was incomprehensible. Rather than the fury of their slain mother invigorating them, there was emptiness. Emptiness, and no guidance at all. The Royal Guard, their souls so linked to the Queen, faltered as that connection was left in ruin. Then, they too, fell, torn apart as the whirlwinds turned their payloads upon the confused and milling swarm. Without guidance, the hive broke apart and tried to flee, turning their backs and heading back towards the still warm corpse of their Queen. The Blood Ravens did not halt their attacks, and instead began marching forward from the line.<br/>
<br/>
Chainswords cut through spines rather than rib cages, bolter shells slammed into knees and boots fell upon the backs of heads, and the Blood Ravens refused to stop. The aliens turned and ran, and ran, climbing up the eggs which they had just been birthed from, only to be cut down where they stood. The whirlwinds switched to incendiary payloads exclusively, setting aflame vast portions of the hive. Heavy flamers unleashed their own gouts. Fearfully, falling onto their most base instincts, the aliens began to eat, to feast upon the dead, dying, and living alike. The battle had come to an end, but the extermination would take an hour more.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================​</div><br/>
From neophyte to Chapter Master, the Blood Ravens emerged from within the manufactorum complex drenched head to toe in alien gore and viscera. Slategrass Canyon Complex had been cleansed to satisfaction, and though much of the hive remained, they remained without any leadership above squad-level leadership. Piles of enemy dead lay in the deeps between the two canyon walls, prevented utterly from piercing into the half which had housed their Queen. They were utterly unaware of their Queen’s death, and could do little but screech ineffectually as the thunderhawks flew down while high in orbit the teleportariums began to go to work. Within the next sixty minutes, all the aliens had left were their dead and dying. Panic shortly ensued amongst the surviving members of the Slategrass Hive when the remains of their Queen were discovered. Uncaring for their rapidly propagating mental deterioration save for the possible tactical usages, the Chapter scoured their armor clean, rearmed, resupplied, and healed what injuries could be healed.<br/>
<br/>
There were yet Queens remaining to be slain on Matsuya. The Death-Mark on Captain Cyrus was still functional, and retained some tactical worth still. But things were different than before. Now, the enemy had been faced in battle, again and again. The full measure of their alien arsenal had been weathered, the information collated and analyzed by the Librarius and strategic cogitators. There were dead Queens, dead Royal Guard, portions of flesh and structure taken for inspection. The biological gift known as the Omophagea of the space marines had been put to use, partaking of brain structure of various Suysh variants, up to and including the Queen of the Slategrass Complex herself. And, for a time, the space marines of the Blood Ravens did not descend to the planet below again. Even as the Scarlet Lions ran rampant across another world, they waited. They studied all they had learned, won through blood and sweat and death. They collected reports granted from a dozen worlds and hundreds of battlefields from the Imperial Guard, requests for information granted long ago only answered and delivered months later due to the chaos of so many different points within the sector.<br/>
<br/>
Then, and only then, did the Blood Ravens descend to Matsuya once more.<br/>
<br/>
<b>As The Seeker of Truth Did, So Shall We<br/>
70 vs. 40</b><br/>
<br/>
And in this, they followed the glorious example of the Great Father, Azariah Vidya, when he fought within the Gothic Sector in M37. And while Qulus Trine was no longer the responsibility of a non-existent 8th Company, a responsibility stripped by the Civil War and the repercussions afterward, that too was a victory to be held close to their hearts. To honor those two victories amongst so many others, the Blood Ravens fought alongside their Librarians once more. Though the Chapter was depleted of its previous and far more potent psychic might of the past, there was still power that remained within their ranks. Analyzing the presences of the Queens, having tasted their foul alien sorceries firsthand, coupled with all the other information at their disposal, the Blood Ravens descended at various locations across the planet, one after the other.<br/>
<br/>
<b>71+15=86 vs 75</b><br/>
<br/>
The Obsidian Desert Mining Pit, where another Queen had been discovered previously, was the first target. Flecks of obsidian which coated the dusty floors of the corridors were crushed into ever finer powder. Assaults on Blood Raven strike teams were blunted due to said teams suddenly withdrawing, in turn dragging their foes into ambushes and crossfires. Plunging deep strike teams tore into the rears of advancing Suysh columns as they tried to stopper the tide of space marines before disappearing once more. It was a hard fight, undeniably, but one still won regardless as the Blood Ravens grew more adept at simply outfighting and outthinking the Suysh forces. Reinforcements were delayed, elite teams blown apart by mines and hidden explosives, Royal Guard targeted by the Fist of Faith or the Chapter Master before they could do little more than roar in fury.  In the end, the final blow was struck by the Chief Librarian, who elected to further test matters by slaying the Queen outright by setting an avatar of purest psychic flame upon her in the shape of a screaming raven. Thus, he was already the main target of the Death-Mark, yet to the shock of the Queen and her Hive, stood strong with the Librarius behind him.<br/>
<br/>
<b>62+15=77 vs. 43</b><br/>
<br/>
Then came Vehicular Manufactorum A7b, sequestered in the Tang-Yung Valley, was where a third Suysh Queen was determined to be located. Here, the Fist of Faith carved out a new legend for themselves. Bellowing litanies of hate and fury, they challenged the entire Suysh Hive present to face them as they charged at the open entrance to the complex where many an alien tank had come rolling out of for many a year. Then they made good on their oaths and charged forward despite the numbers which answered their demand. Behind them came the total armored might of the Chapter, from rapier to land raider, but the Fist of Faith was the only infantry present at that battle. For unbeknownst to the alien, scouts of the 10th Company infiltrated behind enemy lines and placed teleporter beacons down in areas designated by the Librarians. Areas clear only for a scant few minutes at a time, yet precisely when there were no Suysh to stop them, much less know they were there. Carefully, steadily, without pause, they did this until the Queen had removed much of her strength to fight off those at the entrance to the manufactorum. Only then did the Blood Ravens strike all across the manufactorum simultaneously, further isolating the Queen as her remaining forces shifted to respond, allowing scouts to infiltrate deeper amidst the ensuing chaos. At the furthest depths that the Queen had hidden within, teleporting was inadvisable due to the margins of error meaning that a marine might be lost through translating back to reality while within the rock. Instead, the 1st Company, terminator-clad, skulked with the predictive aid of the Librarians.<br/>
<br/>
Then, once they reached the chamber with the Queen, once the administrative nexus of the manufactorum, they fell upon the alien with heavy flamer, assault cannon, and lascannon aplenty. Chapter Master Angelos slew the beast personally, approaching through her legions of eggs and battering his way into her innards with the aid of Godsplitter. Even the forced release of said eggs could not stop the 1st Company, the greatest heroes and veterans of the chapter doing what more than one Imperial Guard regiment had been slaughtered doing without taking any fatalities at all.<br/>
<br/>
<b>100 vs. 76<br/>
93 vs. 4</b><br/>
<br/>
By then, the two remaining Queens on Matsuya had actually begun meshing their forces together, tunneling beneath the earth in order to try and group up. Their tactics at hiding themselves within human installations was failing them, for the Blood Ravens were able enough to both bring their strength to bear without the danger of irreparable damage to precious technologies. They abandoned the underground refineries they had both disappeared into, tunneling deeper into the world. Orbital bombardment to reach them would possibly crack the earth too far, forcing – they hoped – their foes to try and come after them in ways that would be untenable. Continually birthed defenders and truly fortified areas, they struggled to summon the hives of their fellow and now slain Queens, only to find that without the unique bio-psychic reaction normally resulting from a Queen’s death that they could not. A vague, yet notable bond remained, one that kept the remaining hives from being easily assimilated.<br/>
<br/>
Even so, the hopes of the alien were not to be. By the time they had begun their digging and evacuation efforts to a hidden fallback area, it was too late. The Blood Ravens had already found them, and in fact had been planting teleporter beacons and explosives for some time. It was only through the psychic predictions and intensive studies of alien psychology performed by the Librarius, coupled with individualized analysis of the subtle differences in behavior of various Suysh Hives, that they could have predicted thus at all. The explosives set back evacuation proceedings long enough for the rest of the Blood Ravens to arrive. For strike teams to break through hastily assembled new defenses, to cut into the back of already retreating forces, and, eventually, to perform the grim duty set before them. Who were these two last Queens on the planet? Allies? Friends? Brood-sisters? They showed a level of companionship that the others had not displayed whatsoever, the only similar incident being when the void-borne Queen had arrived swearing vengeance, soon to die as well.<br/>
<br/>
And yet, it did not matter in the end.<br/>
<br/>
Their bodies and their hives were burnt, bombed, and destroyed. Their very souls burnt into non-existence.<br/>
<br/>
As was only right, in the name of the Imperium and the Emperor.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
Gabriel gave a muted sigh of relief as his skin felt the touch of recycled air for the first time in a considerable period of time, watching idly as various portions of his terminator armor were lifted away. Serfs and servitors immediately saw to cleansing and purification rites, while two techmarines began enacting repairs on what portions of the plate required it. The sheer level of alien gore which had coated it would require considerable effort to scrape away indeed. He did end up raising an eyebrow at the sight where a particularly powerful void screamer had struck with a concentrated bolt of crystalized warp-flame. The impact site would have been particularly grievous were it not for the strength of the armor itself, certainly enough to have broken through and slain a marine wearing standard power armor.<br/>
<br/>
A few moments later found him dressed in a large robe glowering over the tactical display within a war room in the Omnis Arcanum.<br/>
<br/>
“The Suysh still rule the planet, but they are utterly without leadership,” he muttered, “And without a new Queen to re-establish control, there is little reason to think that they will somehow rally. Martellus, what can planetary scans tell us?”<br/>
<br/>
The Master of the Forge deftly manipulated a few of the knobs and switches on the table, changing the holo-projection to a green geographically accurate sphere. Then, with another press of an activation rune, enormous swathes of red began coating the planet in varying levels of density.<br/>
<br/>
“Over two thirds of the planet is still infested with the aliens, but without their Queens as commanders they’re falling into more and more feral instincts,” Martellus spoke clinically as he continued to adjust the projector’s contents.<br/>
<br/>
A flick of a finger and the planet was reduced while several rotating screens appeared displaying recon footage sent by various scout teams. In one Suysh were tearing into one another, some dropping their weapons entirely so that they could better shovel the cooked meat of their foes into their mouths. In another, a Royal Guard of one fallen Queen slammed into another Royal Guard from a different Suysh Hive. Though they displayed far more tactical capability than their lesser brethren, there was still a distinct animalistic bent to their combat, as well as the utter absence of their foul alien language save for guttural single sentences that Martellus did not even bother translating.<br/>
<br/>
“They still retain control and access to various vehicle production facilities, for now,” Cyrus spoke up, biological eye narrowed. “But without Queens to direct them, they’re beginning to send them against each other. It’s starting slow now, largely border skirmishes between different Hive territories. But given time the fighting will likely only grow in scope.”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus nodded at the Master of Recruits.<br/>
<br/>
“Cyrus is right. There is the potential of, should their fighting grow too intense, that they will begin causing damage to the vital production manufactorums, among other locations. The Mechanicus would not be particularly pleased if that was the case.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel pursed his lips.<br/>
<br/>
“What of their VTOL and anti-orbital capabilities, currently?”<br/>
<br/>
“Hold a moment, Chapter Master,” Martellus rapidly flicked his fingers through the piles of data-slates he had carried into the war room with him. “Hmm. It seems like the former are being sent against one another or are going unused entirely, with major defensive shielding going silent.”<br/>
<br/>
All three of them looked up at the same time. Martellus had his face obscured by his helm, and Cyrus did not do much other than the faintest ghost of a quirk of his lips, but Gabriel would not restrain his smile. A hand went up to his ear as he activated the command band of the vox.<br/>
<br/>
“Brother-Captain Hadrian?”<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
“Begin purification spread orbital bombardment. Do not harm the strategic targets given to us.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian’s immediate response was a loud bloodthirsty laugh.<br/>
<br/>
“I see! Understood Chapter Master! All crews, prepare for purification spread bombardment!”<br/>
<br/>
Any space marine ship’s crew would know the differing levels of orbital bombardment, but it was rare that purification spread was used. It was, after all, just barely removed from Exterminatus. The majority of the time it was meant for pin-point destruction of enemy assets and bases. Or, more depressingly, to ensure that bodies and equipment were not desecrated in the case of the Kaurava campaign. In the end, the various roads would require reconstruction, as would the settlement buildings that the miners and manufactorum workers. But those could be quickly and cheaply reproduced. What mattered was that the Suysh could not readily reproduce their near endless numbers, not on Matsuya. Not anymore. As had been proven by Cyrus during the fighting, bereft of any other orders, the psychic remnants of the Death-Mark would be the greatest sign of ‘authority’ left to the Suysh. They would follow Cyrus, into the jaws of death if required.<br/>
<br/>
Within moments, the Omnis Arcanum began to shudder ever so slightly, the only sign to those within its depths that it was unleashing its bombardment upon the planet below.<br/>
<br/>
“What of the Scarlet Lions? How fares their fighting?”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus mumbled a quiet prayer to the machine spirits as he switched the planetary display from Matsuya to Vatsa. There, the red cloaking the planet was interspersed with small emblems of the Scarlet Lion heraldry. Some of them were holding position, others were showing estimates on their rather rapid movements across the planet surface. Occasionally, a muted beam of yellow would fire down from their battle barge to represent their own ongoing orbital bombardment efforts.  Though, to Gabriel’s eye, it was undeniable that little progress seemed to have been made. In comparison to the Blood Ravens, at least.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, they certainly did not arrive with their entire chapter’s Librarius to aid them, Chapter Master,” Martellus spoke as he zoomed the image in slightly to focus on certain areas of the planet. “But their ferocity is unquestionable. They have, at the moment, killed two Queens on the planet, of an unknown number.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see,” Gabriel rubbed at his chin, “I imagine a not inconsiderable amount of their attentions are not on the Suysh at all, however.”<br/>
<br/>
“I would have to agree with you,” Martellus nodded, pointing out with the aid of the haptic interface to touch faded Blood Raven symbols now covered by Scarlet Lion ones. “They have utterly scoured the areas that Cyrus noted down for them and then some. Of course, we can’t expect them to have found too much just yet, and they don’t seem inclined to share just now.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hmmph.”<br/>
<br/>
“In somewhat better news, Chief Librarian Justinian reports that they’re getting closer to discerning just where and how we should get to the Suysh home systems, coinciding with my own techmarines scanning the wreckage from the Suysh ships and the data left on the cogitators in the Crown.”<br/>
<br/>
There would be that, at least. Hopefully, they would possess that information sooner rather than later, even if they could not quite yet justify leaving before completing their duty. There was little else to discuss after that, save for minor maintenance reports. Martellus would soon leave for the space station once more, while Gabriel himself would be practicing in the chapel before it was time to deploy again. Perhaps an hour or so of rest before persecuting the rest of the campaign on one of the remaining three worlds of the system with Queens on them. The only thing that Gabriel could find worrisome in the immediate moment was the fact that no other fleet had arrived. Whether that was because the Suysh were building up their numbers, redirecting ships, or something else, he could not know. Not until it happened. But the nature of the universe was such that he refused to think that the aliens would not be coming through the void once more, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Refinement And Continuation</b><br/>
Phase 4 Concluded! With all the knowledge gained thus far, and the aid of the Scarlet Lions, choose how the remainder of the Jahal System Cleansing will go. This means that the phase will continue until all objectives are completed barring major shake-ups such as an Ork WAAAGH!! entering the system, Gabriel or any of the Captains dying, etc. Choose carefully. Due to the extent of the phase's time-frame, it is assumed all wounded marines are healed and return to service, and that damaged ships return to Sacred Crown for repair. They will still be in this post's casualties notation, simply for tracking purposes, but can be assumed healed/repaired as best as possible by the beginning of the next phase. Information gained on killing requirements, psychic aid, etc. will be factored into the planning of the characters now that they have that information. With all Queens on Matsuya slain, and the information thus gained, it should now be possible to target the remaining planets, whether that is to aid the Scarlet Lions on Vatsa or target the other remaining two! Sacred Crown has regained its ship repair and maintenance capabilities! Moratorium for 3 Hours.​</div><br/>
<b>Phase Pathing</b><br/>
<i>Void Placement</i><br/>
[] <b>Bombardment</b>: Write-In Which Fleets Go To Which Planet For Orbital Aid Purposes (Teleportation, Bombardment, Drop Pods, Etc.)<br/>
[] <b>Interdiction</b>: Write-In Which Fleets/Ships Remain On Interdiction Duty<br/>
<br/>
<i>Force Placement</i><br/>
1st Fleet, And All Ground Elements Of Chapter On <b>Matsuya</b><br/>
2nd, 4th and 10th Fleets On <b>Interdiction Duty</b><br/>
[] Keep Positions As They Are<br/>
[] Change Company Deployments For The Planets (I.E. Shifting 1st Company to <b>Vatsa</b> or 10th Company to <b>Kuru</b>) (Write-In Changes)<br/>
<br/>
<i>Planetary Ground Target Priority List [i.e. Top, Middle, Bottom for Kuru/Middle, Bottom, Top for Matsuya/Etc.]</i><br/>
[] Kuru (Write-In Ground Priority List)<br/>
[] Avanti (Write-In Ground Priority List)<br/>
[] Vatsa (Write-In Ground Priority List)<br/>
<br/>
<i>Progression List</i><br/>
[] Write-In Planetary Progression List [Kuru, then Avanti, then Vatsa/Vatsa, then Kuru, then Avanti, etc.]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Phase Completes!</b><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Total Casualties/Fatalities</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>4 Scouts [1st Stage] Killed [8 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
5 4th Company Marines Dead [10 Gene-Seed Recovered]<br/>
1 Tarantula Sentry Turret Destroyed (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolters)<br/>
16 2nd Company Marines Killed (32 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
1 1st Company Marine Killed (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
25 10th Company Neophytes [2nd Stage] Killed</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Phase Objectives + Tactical Considerations</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Tactical Consideration! 'True' Scarlet Lions Have Arrived In System, True Support Sent By Inquisitor Lord Tarquindil! 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Company of Scarlet Lions, bringing 1 Battle Barge + 4 Strike Cruisers + 12 Nova Frigates in the void and 300 marines plus specialists on the ground. Led under command of Force Commander Bartorius, also Captain of the 4th Company. True Identity of 'False' Scarlet Lions Unknown!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! Suysh Death-Scream Vengeance Effect Identified As Psychic/Organic Effect! Librarius Has Shown Repeated Success In Diverting/Blocking Effect So Long As Entire Librarius Tasked To Doing So!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! Tactical Objectives For Campaign (Queen Slaying) On Matsuya Completed! Cyrus Currently Death-Marked! <br/>
Tactical Consideration! 1 Queen Located On Kuru, Avanti! 3 More Queens Located On Vatsa After Slaying Of 2 From Scarlet Lions!<br/>
Tactical Consideration! Scarlet Lions have elected to push entire ground force onto planet Vatsa to search for signs of the 'other' Scarlet Lions! Battle Bagre is on orbital duty, their strike cruisers and escorts on interdiction duty! <br/>
Tactical Consideration! No Second Retaliatory Suysh Fleet Has Arrived Yet, But It Is Expected Soon!</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>