<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Five)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Five)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Divide: Obliterators cannot be allowed to interfere with this. Ten of them could concentrate enough firepower to end Gabriel or Apollo in an instant. One of the pair must break away get into close range with them and hope that the one left behind can survive long enough without them.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b><br/>​</div>To call what occurred in the next few seconds could not be rightly considered a duel. A duel, at its core, was fought between two parties. A series of blows with some weapon or another by one party or the other. Sometimes simultaneously, sometimes not. But most importantly was the chance, the opportunity for retaliation, a joint if diametrically opposed effort. The blow struck by Lord Mortirex did not afford for that, the speed and strength behind it outright denying that such a concept was even fractionally existent throughout the myriad infinite possibilities of the universe and Immaterium both. He spun and swung his axe down in a single downward stroke despite his distance from Gabriel and Apollo, and yet nearly managed to slay them regardless. For while the head of his oversized axe struck the plating of the deck, a mono-shaded blade of energy rapidly continued onwards with a shriek of reality momentarily splitting apart. What started as a blade, a projection, practically became a wall that nearly bisected Gabriel if he had not turned aside, whose height stretched from floor to ceiling and seared its way through metal and wire alike as if it were naught but air. Where it touched the air, it ignited it, the smooth pane of energy effectively causing the air to its sides to explode in a ship’s wake of daemonic inferno. The force of that wake of explosions threw Gabriel, clad in terminator armor and with more than half of his body replaced by bionics, off his feet and a foot deep into a nearby wall.<br/>
<br/>
By the time that Gabriel had extracted himself with a wrench of his shoulders, the energy had only just begun to dissipate. There was no time for hesitation, and as such he turned and began to run as quickly as his armor could allow towards Mortirex, only to have to throw himself forwards onto his knees to avoid a horizontal slash which caused a similar effect, battering his back and legs with another wake of explosions. From that position, Gabriel saw Apollo – who had somehow previously managed to stay on his feet – take a running leap which let the explosions that tore through the air propel him higher and further. Even then, Mortirex reversed the grip on his axe and swung it, single-handed, upwards at the passing and rapidly accelerated hero of the Chapter as he flew past without any ability to properly dodge. Gabriel grit his teeth and forced himself upright as Apollo howled in pain as the blade of the axe tore across his chest and let loose a massive gout of blood that quickly flicked through the air to melt away onto the axe. The force of <i>that</i> blow sent Apollo crashing into the ceiling before landing while set aflame, behind Mortirex and closer to the Obliterators. His reward for his getting past the Chaos Lord was all ten of them spinning up their weaponry mutations that twisted into the shape of plasma guns and heavy bolter barrels that began firing before he could even begin to try and get to his feet.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>There, that is your proper posture, Blood Raven. On. Your. Knees.”</b><br/>
<br/>
Gabriel did not respond with words, but instead with a furious battle cry as he rushed forwards, <i>Godsplitter</i> gripped tightly in his hands. Mortirex’s next words cut off as he grunted in mild surprise as Gabriel swung the daemonhammer forwards, crashing against the shaft of the daemonically tainted power axe that the Chaos Lord bore, the discharging energy field sending a bright crackle of blue electricity spreading outwards. The Chapter Master did not relent, shifting his grip and flipping it about to try and strike the Chaos Lord once more. This close, Gabriel could see the awful weapon up close in all its terrible glory. The blade itself was tinged with black pulsating veins; its head etched with glowing runes of Chaos that burned at the eye to look upon. More disturbingly, the three bloodshot eyes along the upper half twitched violently, pus bleeding from around their ‘sockets’ along the metal. One of them began to glow, brighter and brighter, its iris swiveling about before focusing unerringly on Gabriel. His instincts had him twist about to the side, nearly turning a hundred and eighty degrees and dangerously exposing much of his back to Mortirex as nothing less than a wrist-thick column of blazing warp energies shot out from the eye. Metal was vaporized at the direct impact site and boiled away around it in a manner distinctly like that of a lascannon being fired at close range.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Hmm</b>,” was Mortirex’s only reaction to Gabriel’s feat as both reset their grips on their weapons.<br/>
<br/>
The Chaos Lord was not, despite his prodigious height and size, clad in terminator armor as Gabriel was. Rather, he was as large as Gabriel was without it, his own custom war panoply closer to that of ‘regular’ power armor, though obviously thoroughly modified by the devilish expertise of the Dark Mechanicus and transmutative powers of the Warp. His reach was longer, his dexterity greater, and based on the few clashes that Gabriel had had against him, his strength exceeded the Blood Raven’s, even when factoring in bionic reinforcement. For all of that, however, the eruption of the <i>Godsplitter</i>’s disruption field had not been wholly without success, and one of the three eyes upon the axe was fused shut by caked over and rapidly dried blood and pus. A guttural scream from behind Mortirex was accompanied by multiple weapons and types firing in silent tandem.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Come then, Blood Raven. ENTERTAIN ME</b>!” Mortirex bellowed as he rushed forward, his very boot prints leaving scorched and red-hot impressions in the deck plating.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================================​</div><br/>
The strategium of the <i>Spiraling Fury</i> was quiet and somber in great contrast to the violence in the void outside.<br/>
<br/>
“We have no choice. The last reports were of the Litany being boarded with overwhelming numbers,” Tarkus said bitterly as he leaned against the actuality sphere’s console and glared up at the battle’s projection.<br/>
<br/>
The Chaos Fleet had advanced relentlessly past the silent and unmoving <i>Litany</i>, engaging the Imperial Navy at close range. The fire ships were still advancing, but one had fallen to enemy fire before it could properly act or provide anything more than temporary stellar phenomena. The captains and crews of the enemy were insane, corrupted, but not wholly tactically inept. It was not as if the enemy battle barge and strike cruisers were defenseless, that there were no ships nearby that were favoring middling range broadsides rather than trying to outright ram the remaining Imperial ships. If they approached close enough for even emergency range teleportation, they would be close enough to be struck by the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
But to do otherwise, to remain back, would be both cowardly and treasonous.<br/>
<br/>
“We must advance! To the <i>Litany</i>!”<br/>
<br/>
Upon his order, the three strike cruisers flared their engines and plunged forwards. Immediately, some of the Chaos ships turned about, fully cognizant and wary of their danger after they had scuttled the Hades-class ships. It was not the worst bombardment that any had suffered in their lifetimes, in terms of concentration of fire, but it still battered relentlessly at their void shields. The closer they got, the more ships that turned about, which in turn exposed them to fire from the remaining Navy ships. More importantly, however, was the forward push by one of the cruiser-tonnage fire ships. Its mindless servitor crew pushed it further towards its original target, set early in the fight after they had emerged from the gravity reef. The target, ironically, was one of the Chaos-held Avenger-class Grand Cruisers near the center of the Chaos formation. The ship, trailing atmosphere and fires freely, accelerated at the last instant, redlining their engines at the expense of all other systems such as shielding or life support to ensure impact.<br/>
<br/>
The result, as all present discovered, was a temporarily created gravimetric anomaly which crumpled the entire Grand Cruiser into a sphere of metal and pulverized flesh a mere hundred meters across. Shockwaves of rippling graviton explosives pushed up against all ships present regardless of size and faction. Some escort ships nearly ran into one another, several weapon batteries on the ships close to the destroyed ship were crushed and broken, and formations on both sides were shifted out of place. For a brief second, all stopped and marveled at what the Adeptus Mechanicus had created, before returning to the fight once more. Following that point, however, it was impossible to miss how the remaining cruiser-tonnage fire ships were thoroughly targeted. Despite Admiral Graves’ best efforts, the slowness of the servitor crews in responsiveness meant that they could not disengage quickly enough, falling to enemy fire with rapidity even at the cost of more than one Chaos cruiser. The resulting two gravimetric explosions tore through the air, each yield differing from the others in distance and strength.<br/>
<br/>
However. Such maniacal focus on the experimental payloads did, however, ensure that the remaining escort-class fire ships, their threat considerably lesser, were able to move on to their own target. The point defense weapon arrays of the <i>Ruination of Purity</i> were powerful, its thunderhawks and storm eagles sent outward as it hovered protectively over its prospective prize. Such an effort could have unnerved a great many crews, but the servitors slaved to the consoles no longer had the capacity for such things. Even as one of their own was destroyed in a great conflagration, they pushed forward. Then a second. But they could not stop the third, nor the fourth. One struck the bombardment cannon of the <i>Ruination of Purity</i>, sending purifying flames cascading throughout the nearby ammo storage bays as they were triggered within their berths, the second struck the battle barge directly in one of its own hangar bays, flooding three decks with flames that continued to eagerly consume the oxygen within its fetid halls.<br/>
<br/>
All the while, the Blood Ravens raced forward.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================================================================​</div><br/>
“<b>Metal, metal, metal, I thought I was fighting <i>Blood</i> Ravens, not Iron Hands!</b>” Mortirex roared angrily as bludgeoned Gabriel across the face with his own crumpled left arm with enough force to send him reeling within his armor and to shatter the remains of the bionic limb into splinters of metal.<br/>
<br/>
Blood poured down Gabriel’s face, the left half of his face crushed inward, the skull fractured in multiple locations. His Larraman’s Organ worked to clot his cranial wounds, but his arm only spurted hydraulic fluids and other unguents in discolored spatters across the ground. The horns on the side of Mortirex’s helmet had been shattered by one blow from <i>Godsplitter</i> that had further damaged the Chaos Lord’s helm and head within, at least Gabriel hoped given that one of the twin baleful spheres of fire that burned in the visor’s slit had winked out. In comparison, however, Gabriel felt the internal bionics of his body scraping and screeching against one another from the concussive forces that had been inacted upon them. His terminator armor all along the left side was partially melted slag, though his leg remained moderately functional. Which was more than he could say for his right, of which the forward third had been cut off entirely. One quasi-lascannon blast from the eyes on Mortirex’s daemonic power axe had torn through his side, and still burned where it had nearly cored his armor and body in one blow. The third he had managed to dodge entirely, and now all three eyes remained crusted shut.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You were not as pathetic as I feared, but still manage to disappoint-,”</b><br/>
<br/>
“HrraaaaAAAAAAGH!” Apollo’s guttural wheezing bellow caused Mortirex to turn, but for once the Chaos Lord was not fast enough to stop a smoking ruin of a space marine to leap atop his shoulders from behind.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel stared in abject horror at the burnt and punctured revenant that Apollo Diomedes had become. His armor had collapsed in fragments more akin to Hannibal Palrun’s state while fighting the Suysh. The Obliterators had not gone down easily, though Gabriel had been so consumed with his own fight that he could not spare an iota of any of his senses towards the other fight. Wounds riddled Apollo’s body, some seared shut by plasma weaponry or heavy flamer bursts, others were holes punched through him by smaller rapid-firing lasweaponry. Chainweapons of some kind or another had torn across his body, tearing through skin, flesh, and bone in more than one place. Only deliberate and willful suppression of the sus-an membrane could have kept him conscious. Even now, Apollo was still afire, warp-tainted flames still consuming parts of him as he swung his power mace down upon the Chaos Lord’s head.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“What is-?!,”</b><br/>
<br/>
Gone was the noble warrior and storied hero, gone was the measured expertise of centuries of warfare. What remained was practically a savage and frenzied beast, snarling and clawing and swinging while gnashing their teeth.<br/>
<br/>
More astonishingly, for a wonder, it worked. In the next few seconds as Gabriel marshalled what remained of his strength, grit his teeth, and pushed forward, Apollo struck regularly and mercilessly with <i>Rogal’s Fist</i>. The power mace almost seemed to sing as it cracked against Mortirex’s head, neck, shoulders, and back. One of the eyes upon the Chaos Lord’s axe began to writhe and twitch, protective crust of pus and dried blood flaking away as it blinked before being struck with the power mace, causing a monstrous yet ethereal screech to emit from the weapon that seemed to cause more pain to Mortirex than either Apollo or Gabriel. Distracted as Mortirex was, he could not stop Gabriel from rearing back and slamming <i>Godsplitter</i> squarely into his chest, and for the very first time in the fight, forced the Chaos Lord to stumble slightly. Dark, sludge-like fluids burst out from the minute number of cracks impressed into the breastplate, the closest equivalent to what blood the traitor possessed.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>ENOUGH</b>!” Mortirex roared as he reached up and grabbed Apollo by the forearm bearing <i>Rogal’s Fist</i> mid-swing and tore the marine off of his shoulders and slammed him down into the ground with enough force to snap the bones of his arm instantly.<br/>
<br/>
But he did not let go, and instead maintained his grip as he turned Apollo into a bludgeon against Gabriel, cracking even more of the bones within Apollo’s body against the venerable terminator plate that the Chapter Master bore and then against the deck plating, whichever was closest as the Chaos Lord advanced. Again, and again, and again, until with a sickening squelch Apollo’s entire right arm tore from his shoulder like a bloodied drumstick, hand still clutching the power mace. The very second the detachment occurred, Mortirex lashed out with his boot and struck Apollo directly in the center of his chest, his reward the rare but unmistakable sound of the solidified mass of a space marine’s ribcage shattering as Apollo was sent flying. The entire time, Gabriel could not properly retaliate, but as Apollo bounced off of the deck he took advantage of the opening to slam <i>Godsplitter</i> with all his might against the wrist that still held said arm, the thunderous crack of its energy field cracking apart armor and cratering the wrist deeply. With a pained roar, Mortirex was forced to let go of Apollo’s arm as the matter of his wrist was abruptly reduced by a third. Which, in turn, left him open for Gabriel to reverse his grip and slam the head of his hammer directly into the exact same point on Mortirex’s chest that he had beforehand. This time, full gouts of black blood sprayed outwards as a fist-sized portion of the armor crumpled inwards leaving a sizzling hole with a cloud of blue sparks. As Mortirex took a step back, Gabriel stepped forward and struck the same point a third time, forcing his foe back.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Heh</b>.”<br/>
<br/>
This time, Mortirex did not stumble. He did not fall back. He instead accepted the pain of those three blows with a grunt before striking down with his axe at a diagonal angle. This close, his eagerness in finally managing to deal some true damage pushing him forward, Gabriel could finally not dodge. He had managed a considerable amount of dexterity in his terminator armor, to its very limits in fact. But finally, his luck in doing so ran out. For a moment, Gabriel did not quite comprehend how Mortirex was rising in his vision until he realized that he was in fact the one falling, his legs cut out from beneath him leaving his torso to collapse onto the deck with a heavy thud that set his head to ringing. He could not do more than stare as Mortirex pressed his boot against his chest and pressed down hard enough to hold him in place. The other boot stomped down on Gabriel’s remaining limb at the elbow, crunching down audibly. Small dribbles of sludge-like blood dripped out of Mortirex’s chest down onto Gabriel’s. The orbs of infernal flame that were his eyes flickered slightly, the previously disappeared one flickering back into existence.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You should be proud, Blood Raven. You managed to bleed me. Araghast was the last to accomplish such a feat</b>.”<br/>
<br/>
A faint crackling joined in the chorus of creaking metal and cracked bone that assaulted his ears, and it took Gabriel a few seconds of effort to realize it for what it was. He strained, futilely, against Mortirex and consequently clanged his head to the side against his own armor against his implants.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>And to think, you were out there this entire time, waiting for me to whet <i>Soulsplitter</i> upon you. I think…yes</b>,” Mortirex nodded slowly, tone at first conversational before growing more ominous, <b>“Vandis has served his purpose. Abbadon is consumed with Cadia. This anchorage…shall be <i>mine</i>. A Black Crusade of my own shall set this entire Segmentum aflame. Perhaps…heh, I might even go to Ultramar. Face <i>true</i> space marines in battle, rather than you limp-wristed thin-blooded paltry pretenders to the legacy of the Legions!”</b> He snarled at the end and pressed his boot further into Gabriel’s chest.<br/>
<br/>
The same burning effects of his very feet were beginning to heat the ceramite coating and the adamantine beneath with an almost cheerful red and white glow.<br/>
<br/>
“Vox origin signal confirmed. Initiating teleport!” A small, tinny voice announced in Gabriel’s ear from where he had activated his implant.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Mmm</b>?” Mortirex cocked his head to the side.<br/>
<br/>
The Immaterium split open, briefly, only to snap away in a brief flash and burst of displaced air. Left in its place stood twenty terminator-clad Blood Ravens of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company and three squads of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>. At their head was none other than Brother-Captain Tarkus Varianus, whose eyes widened as he beheld the scene before him.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You</b>-,”<br/>
<br/>
“FIRE!” Tarkus bellowed, and all loyalists present obeyed.<br/>
<br/>
Five storm bolters, two heavy flamers, and three assault cannons proceeded to do so immediately. As did twenty bolters, five heavy bolters, two plasma guns, the relic bolter known as <i>Deathdealer</i>, and the flamer known as the <i>Gift of the Seraphim</i>. Epistolary Damion Tyrin let loose with five thin spears of blinding lighting from atop his staff that punched directly into the Chaos Lord’s chest where he had been struck thrice with <i>Godsplitter</i> and out of his back. While also firing his plasma pistol with his other hand. The assault terminators rushed forward, though ahead of them all came Chaplain Tarion, screaming a litany of hatred while firing his bolt pistol and swinging his crozius simultaneously. The reward for all of this was a pained bellow erupting out of Mortirex’s mouth as he was struck from all directions for a long pair of heartbeats before the melee attackers reached him.<br/>
<br/>
Which, in turn, proved to be a mistake.<br/>
<br/>
Though Mortirex had been pumped full of holes, set aflame and smoking from holes shot through his formerly mostly untouched armor, he had not fallen. Indeed, Tarion’s righteous assault came to a sudden end as the Chaos Lord shattered his crozius with a single swing of his axe that let loose another coruscating cutting energy field. Two assault terminators grunted as they were buffeted, one having to abandon his storm shield entirely as the explosive wake followed behind. Chaplain Tarion was not so lucky and was instead thrown closer to Mortirex rather than pushed away. To his credit, the chaplain managed one more impactful strike against the Chaos Lord’s knee before he was split down the middle, the infernal flames burning his progenoid glands and internal organs into burnt organic slag.<br/>
<br/>
“Ranged only!” Tarkus bellowed to the assault terminators, who immediately acquiesced and retreated.<br/>
<br/>
The moment they were out of immediate danger of being caught in the crossfire, all present with ranged weapons began firing again. Mortirex roared in pain at this, preparing to swing his axe once more in a potentially devastating horizontal slash, the fell energies gathering about the head of his power axe, only to grunt in abject surprise as he found himself unable to. Looking down, Mortirex stared as Gabriel glared up at him, his sole remaining arm, flexing and pulling against the Chaos Lord’s wrist. Similarly one-armed, Apollo Diomedes added his sole remaining hand to the effort, his face completely half-broken inwards and chest openly concave. Both should have been dead by then, or at the least forced into suspended animation, yet both openly spat defiance at him.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Get…off</b>!” Mortirex roared, only to for once somehow find that his strength was not as inexorable as it had been previously.<br/>
<br/>
All the while, he was fired upon. By then, the other Blood Ravens had realized what still might happen. A non-verbal order by the veteran terminator sergeant Stromahn redirected all storm bolters and assault cannons squarely onto that arm. Aided by their own years of experience, supernatural skill and reflexes, and the auto-senses of their helmets, they threw more than half a hundred rounds to the exact same targeted point of the upper arm. Mortirex was forced to pull back and shield one half of his body with the other simply to prevent his limb from being severed by pure concentrated ranged firepower. Which, by necessity, dragged Apollo and Gabriel along, meaning that his side was exposed, and they were not. At which point sergeant Stromahn triggered the cyclone missile launcher he had deployed with, firing the last of its payload directly into the Chaos Lord’s back for the single second that it was exposed as he attempted to shake Apollo and Gabriel off.<br/>
<br/>
And finally, finally, <i>finally</i> was Mortirex thrown fully off his feet and thrown to the ground in a crashing roll that bounced further. Whereupon he was struck by krak grenades thrown overhand to fly practically as missiles themselves in as straight and direct a path as possible. Another pained scream tore out of the Chaos Lord’s throat as anti-tank weaponry was deployed directly against him, as well as another concentrated blast of vicious lightning out of the Epistolary’s staff. Yet he rose despite the sheer volume of death being fired at him and slammed his axe into the ground. This time, the pane of opaque energies erupted into being not as an attacking blade but as a curved shield which stretched from ceiling to floor and from wall to wall. It took only a few more seconds of fire to realize that even assault cannons and grenades could not scratch it.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Hah…hah….ahahah….AHAHAHAHA</b>!” Mortirex’s breathless and noticeably pained breaths twisted into full-blown guffaws from behind the shield. <b>“Yes…YES! This is what I was waiting for! A real test, a true fight! What a blessed day this is!”</b><br/>
<br/>
“Show yourself, heretic!” Tarkus yelled as he reloaded his bolter. “Face us!”<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Oh, but I have, little loyalist</b>,” Mortirex answered with a laugh, audibly straightening with a clunk of armor and whine of servos. “<b>And what I thought to be a disappointing waste of time has proven so much more! Yes…we shall face one another again.”</b><br/>
<br/>
The field expanded outwards rapidly without warning with enough explosive and violent force as to throw all the terminators present flying along with everyone else. Only Tarkus remained upright, having dug in his heels and clamped his hand against a torn panel of floor to do so. Mortirex bled from head to toe, leaving sizzling acidic black sludge against the ground from his various wounds. He was bent at the waist slightly, over a dozen fist-sized chunks were missing from his armor, and certain portions of his armor were covered in smoking craters left behind by plasma gun blasts. But even as Tarkus watched, some of those holes and craters almost seemed to wriggle at the edges, small tendrils and fibers so thin that they were nigh invisible stretching out across them. Seared and exposed pale flesh was rapidly scabbing over, mottling, and twisting into scrunched scar tissue as they healed.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>You are worth more than simply grinding into the dirt and executing here and now,</b>” Mortirex said with only a slight wheeze. “<b>No. I refuse to let this end so soon. Not when it is the best fight I have had in decades! Come, Blood Raven. This…shall be a contest for the ages!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Then the Chaos Lord shifted his stance.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“All of you mongrels still alive, get to the ships! Release the gene-hounds to cover you,”</b> he said, now speaking without any difficulty at all to an unseen target. Only then did he lower his gaze to look at the Blood Ravens once more as they struggled to their feet. <b>“I shall see you on the battlefield, space marines. Do not disappoint me!” </b>He finished with a laugh as a hellish light enveloped him.<br/>
<br/>
With a crackle of Warp-tainted lightning and a scream of defiance turned pained gurgle from the Epistolary, the Chaos Lord disappeared to the shock of the Blood Ravens present.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master! Diomedes!” Apothecary Medici cried aloud, causing Tarkus to turn about.<br/>
<br/>
Already, Apollo had clearly fallen into suspended animation, but Gabriel somehow managed to hold on.<br/>
<br/>
“Tarkus…,”<br/>
<br/>
In an instant, the Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had rushed over, falling to one knee by the Chapter Master’s side.<br/>
<br/>
“Hold on, Angelos. Medici will-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Tarkus,” Gabriel growled, his remaining hand gripping Tarkus’ own tightly. “You have…you have command.”<br/>
<br/>
Only then did he go limp, unable to hold back from falling into suspended animation any longer. Tarkus stared numbly as Medici went about his frantic work and rose slowly. The thunder of boots caused him and many others to whirl about, only to find them pointing their weapons at the bloodied and shocked faces of a great number of Librarians. The Chief Librarian led them, his normally sage and calm visage pale and horrified as he gazed upon the tableau.<br/>
<br/>
“Gabriel!”<br/>
<br/>
“He may live,” Medici said tersely as his tools whirled to life. “Much of his wounds were to his bionics, a matter of repair and reattachment. If Apollo lives through the next hour, he will either require immediate interment into a dreadnought or <i>extensive</i> surgical work and bionic reinforcement to his skeletal structure.”<br/>
<br/>
Justinius only stared in shocked silence, as did the other psykers, as they stared at two of the greatest heroes of the Chapter lay prone with only a few threads connecting them to the mortal coil. Tarkus looked at them all and sighed before connecting to the command vox line and input his codes.<br/>
<br/>
“This is Captain Tarkus. Chapter Master Angelos has been incapacitated, but his last words beforehand were to give me command,” he announced to the entire Chapter. “I intend to honor his wishes and the Chapter both. I require status reports from all command elements immediately.”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus lowered his finger from his ear as he glanced at Justinius, who was now scrutinizing him. The briefest feathery touch graced Tarkus’ mind as the Chief Librarian scanned his memories for surety. It would have been a violation in any other instance, but against the forces of Chaos, he could not fault the Chief Librarian’s concerns. In turn, Justinius favored him with a respectful nod as he confirmed the truth of the matter, bringing both hands together around his staff as he planted it before himself.<br/>
<br/>
“What are your orders, Captain Tarkus?”<br/>
<br/>
“We cleanse the Litany and finish this battle,” Tarkus began before pausing as the vox squawked in his ear.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Tarkus,” the serf manning the vox station on the strategium of the <i>Spiraling Fury</i>, “The heretic battle barge! It’s…it’s leaving! And the two strike cruisers with it! Should we try and pur-we’re under attack, enemy cruiser screen, heading right towards us!”<br/>
<br/>
Silently, Tarkus cursed.<br/>
<br/>
“Defend yourselves, we shall have to finish those particular traitors off later. For now, we have a battle to win,” he said unhappily before glancing about at the rest of the Blood Ravens with him. “The Honor Guard are dead,” he said grimly, having recognized the corpses strewn about the area, “But some must guard Medici and aid in the transport of both Angelos and Diomedes to the Apothecarium.”<br/>
<br/>
“I shall do it,” Sergeant Minos announced, the veteran assault terminator clutched at his thunder hammer so tightly that for a moment Tarkus wondered if he would break it. “Me and my squad shall do it.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well,” Tarkus nodded, “To the rest of you…move out!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================​</div><br/>
As it turned out, ‘gene-hounds’ were abominations of cursed genetics work. Their lifespans were, according to the apothecary, surely less than a single decade due to the forces wrought upon their bodies. Enhanced thrice, with cybernetics, chemicals, and genetic treatments, they were practically biological versions of combat servitors with minds pumped full of hyper-adrenal stimulants to create near matchless aggression with an ogryn’s strength. Their durability was comparable as well, and as such it was the gene-hounds that survived longer than anything else. All remaining living Chaos Space Marines had teleported away, leaving their cultists servants behind with no recourse other than to go down fighting alongside the gene-hounds who were remarkably capable of using high-caliber weaponry and chainaxes literally welded to their arm, to the fatal surprise of more than one serf and at least two marines.<br/>
<br/>
The damage dealt to the <i>Litany of Fury</i> was extensive, both on the inside and the out. It’s bombardment cannon had been heavily damaged, and would not be repairable without a visit to a Forge World, and more than half of its void shield generators had been shorted out and would take more than a week to patch repair. Other than that, its hull and superstructure had taken most of the damage. Ironically, the intent of the enemy to take it as a prize meant that it had taken little damage to most of its core systems. Most importantly damaged was the communication arrays, but those could at the least be swiftly repaired. The same could not be said of the two Avenger-class Grand Cruisers that the Imperial Navy had brought, which were complete and total lost causes. The strike cruisers too had taken little overall damage considering they had managed to cleanly reach the rear of the enemy formation and then had struck from behind the rest of the time while the Chaos Fleet was overcommitted. As for the Imperial Navy itself...<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master I-, wait, who- Captain Tarkus?” Admiral Graves cut himself off in surprise as his image was holographically projected in the strategium.<br/>
<br/>
The battle had taken its toll, the man’s uniform now sweat-stained and hair thoroughly unkempt. Large bags had appeared underneath his eyes as the exhaustion of an hours-long running battle for his life had extracted its price.<br/>
<br/>
“Affirmative, Admiral Graves. If you would hold a moment,” Tarkus said as he shifted his eyes over to the other projector as it flickered to life.<br/>
<br/>
“Gabriel! What the hell was-,” Inquisitor Adrastia similarly cut herself off as she was faced not with her old friend but with another. “Captain Tarkus,” she said in a far less familiar tone.<br/>
<br/>
“I unfortunately have grim news to share with the two of you,” Tarkus began immediately before either could begin speaking further. “During the closing moments of the battle, the Chaos Lord in charge of the fleet boarded the <i>Litany of Fury</i> personally. He was confronted by Chapter Master Angelos and a number of other marines, Apollo Diomedes included.”<br/>
<br/>
“Does Angelos live?” The Inquisitor cut in immediately, her normal expression somehow increasing in severity.<br/>
<br/>
“He does,” Tarkus nodded, lips thinned, “But both he and Apollo are no longer in a condition to command, and it was the Chapter Master’s wish that I take command until he recovers.”<br/>
<br/>
“By the throne,” Graves swore as he clapped a hand to his temple and rubbed at his face.<br/>
<br/>
“Damn them,” Adrastia growled.<br/>
<br/>
“In the meantime, damage was dealt to our auspex and communication systems, and other major and minor weapons emplacements,” Tarkus continued stoically. “What is the status of your ships?”<br/>
<br/>
It was not the best possible report to have received.<br/>
<br/>
But neither was it the worst.<br/>
<br/>
The enemy had been so driven to get to grips with their foes that they had left behind optimal firing ranges and firing rates as well, clustering into closer range such that some ships could not fire at all lest their strike only their ‘allies’ at the same time. Surprisingly, only a small number of the Chaos ships proceeded to do just that, others simply forced to wait and rotate about in the void to try and reach a point where they could shoot the ships of the Imperium and the ships of the Imperium only. The initial torpedo salvo had done more damage than initially assumed, and the subsequent slugging match that had occurred had favored the Imperial Navy more than was feared. Which meant that they had only lost some of their eight Lunar-class cruisers and ten frigates rather than all of them. Though, in truth, the reason that they had taken such damage and losses was amplified by their need to protect the troop transports, which were far less capable of defending themselves. In truth, the only ship that was wholly without damage was the Vengeance-class Grand Cruiser of Inquisitor Adrastia, having arrived late in the fight once all dance partners were already committed. On the opposing side, the Chaos fleet was practically in tatters by last account, but frustratingly tatters that yet lived.<br/>
<br/>
First, and most importantly, was the swift retreat of the heavily damaged <i>Ruination of Purity</i> and its attendant strike cruisers, who had fled using the rest of the fleet as a screen back towards the inner system with short-range warp jumps. Though the Blood Ravens had successfully boarded and destroyed the three Hades-class Heavy Cruisers, the sudden need to return to aid the <i>Litany</i> meant they could not repeat their feats against any other ships. The deployment of a single cruiser-tonnage experimental had seen to the immediate end of an entire enemy Avenger, with the twin to that traitor ship being blown apart by Admiral Graves and the numerous attack craft at his disposal. A good number of enemy destroyers had been destroyed, but more than one of the Chaos cruisers had executed emergency warp jumps to escape further in-system out of immediate pursuit range the moment they veered towards taking too much critical damage. Some had been destroyed in the attempt, but not all.<br/>
<br/>
Crews were certainly somewhat depleted across most of the Imperial Fleet that remained as well due to numerous vigorous and violent boarding attempts. The Blood Ravens were not immune from that, though the nature of their ships that most of the damage was the to the immensely sophisticated systems that allowed them to run their vessels with comparatively reduced crews.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, it could not be denied that victory had been won. But it could also not be denied that Lord Mortirex of the Black Legion had extracted quite a bloody toll for it.<br/>
<br/>
Worse, there would be more bloodshed to come now that they were able to take a moment and actually test their long-range auspex systems and send out recon probes out within the contained system. Once again, the three of them had met by holographic communication.<br/>
<br/>
“By the Emperor,” Graves sighed as the three of them collectively looked at the resulting data. “This is no mere pirate hideout on a hollowed out asteroid.”<br/>
<br/>
“This is a festering boil of corruption and madness,” Adrastia hissed, her eyes wide in her outrage, “A pustule of heresy that has grown beneath the notice of the Imperium for far too long. The entire line of Vandis has been tainted by heresy for longer than any of us had known.”<br/>
<br/>
That was one way to say it.<br/>
<br/>
An impassive yellow sun sat at the center of System 384A, providing light and warmth to the five planets that orbited it. Each was occupied. Each was astonishingly developed. Initial examinations of the systems of the hulks of the Chaos-held ships by enginseers protected psychically by Blood Raven Librarians provided a small trove of clarifying information. At least once they’d stripped the information of soul-tainted scrapcode and infernal glyphs. Which, of course, also took time. Tarkus swore that, after this point at least, that he would request that at least a few techmarines be permanently stationed with the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company or at least on the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. None had been brought along on this excursion, all instead sent towards the Mede Subsector with the majority of the Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
“This is not the work of decades in secret and hiding,” Adrastia continued as her eyes flicked up and down the information the auspex was revealing. “This is the work of centuries!”<br/>
<br/>
There was no other explanation for it.<br/>
<br/>
“We know what they call this place for themselves, now,” Tarkus grunted as he looked over the psychically sanitized and ritually purified data slate. “Jubacael.”<br/>
<br/>
“Named for the great, great grandfather of Marcus Vandis, no doubt,” Adrastia noted. “Perhaps even founded by him.”<br/>
<br/>
“Always knew their House was off,” Graves grumbled as he slumped in his command throne. “Every Vandis I’ve ever met was slimy.”<br/>
<br/>
“Then you should have reported it to the Inquisition, Admiral,” Adrastia’s voice was the chill of the void.<br/>
<br/>
“If I reported every noble I’d ever met for being slimy, Inquisitor, you’d never have a spare moment to blink, let alone sleep,” Graves shot back.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus and Adrastia both blinked at this blatant response. Surely it was only the exhaustion from the fight and his lost ships and crews that let the man so boldly speak. For a moment, Tarkus wondered if she was going to teleport over to the man’s flagship and shoot him for doing so. Until, at least, Adrastia huffed and returned to her reading of the data in some purposefully chosen non-descript office or another in her ship. The flickering holographic imaging increased in static for a moment as she said leaned back in her chair.<br/>
<br/>
“Fair enough, Admiral. But speak with such disrespect again, and I’ll burn you alive,” she said casually.<br/>
<br/>
“Noted, Inquisitor,” Graves bowed his head.<br/>
<br/>
“Now then…pfragh, ‘New Meridian’. Of course,” Adrastia rolled her eyes. “Of course they’d name their capital world that.”<br/>
<br/>
New Meridian was unmistakably a Hive World, with numerous hives sprawling across its surface. A whole third of it was apocalyptic wasteland where, apparently, House Vandis sent its undesirables and disfavored. After the sanitization of what little information was recovered from the Chaos ship databanks, what had resulted was even further reduced. But auspex scans showed massive spires that radiated hellish energies, temples and settlements in tandem dedicated openly to the Chaos Gods. They also helped produce anti-orbital shields of both mundane and sorcerous design. It sat closest to the sun, baking in the heat while enormous solar energy arrays hung across its atmosphere connected to the planet below, simultaneously darkening what lay beneath heavily. Its defenses were considerable, as befitting its likely capital status in the system. Defensive emplacements, orbital stations, and its own fleet of ships that Tarkus rather suspected were loyal specifically to Vandis rather than to Mortirex.<br/>
<br/>
“That will be a hell of a nut to crack with the forces we have,” Graves sucked some air through his teeth. “But I’m more worried about this ‘Opus Maxima’.”<br/>
<br/>
It was a Forgeworld, or at least half-way on its way to one. Sprawling industry spread out across a cold planet furthest out from the sun, with whole forge-temple complexes the size of cities sitting in dried up ocean beds. Its own defenses were formidable, outright blocking auspex scans with scrap-code bursts and destroying recon probes with warp-incapable system monitor ships. More importantly, however, was the sight of the remaining Chaos ships hanging over Opus Maxima at its shipyard for repairs with far more sophisticated facilities and personnel than the Imperium possessed at the moment. While the facilities of the Dark Mechanicus had not fully claimed the whole of the planet, it would surely come with time if they were not stopped. A central complex the equal of a primary forge-temple on a true Forgeworld sat on the equator of the slowly rotating world, eight other lesser forge-temples connected to it with massive railways and passages. Stubby defensive emplacements were visible even at a distance, however with anti-orbital defensive lasers on the surface, which were joined in their efforts by the defensive orbital stations around not just Opus Maxima but all five of the planets in the system.<br/>
<br/>
“It’s worse than that,” Adrastia shook her head. “He has clearly been consorting with xenos. Look what is orbiting over Aeterna and Croxnov.”<br/>
<br/>
Despite the Blood Ravens deliberately not choosing to combat the Swells, it seemed that they were destined to fight against the Saharduin. For a small fleet of said species’ ships hung over the roiling ocean world of Aeterna connected to its space-elevator spires. Lengthy tracks of bone, flesh, and metal formed docking rings, while the elevators ascended and descended constantly carrying unknown materials back and forth. References were made by the scoured Chaos databanks for a xeno leader known as ‘Reaverlord Carnax’ who had allied with Vandis in exchange for an ocean world to breed his kind for further warfare. On the other hand, Croxnov was an arid nightmare above which hung nothing less than a Kroot Warsphere, though this one was most obviously corrupted by Chaos. Vast sigils painted in blood and viscera coated the outside of the enormous ship, and frankly how it had gotten through the gravity reef Tarkus could not understand. Below, swarms of kroot held gruesome court in savannahs full of ‘bladed-grass’ and ‘hungering trees’, whatever that meant. Tracks of swamps upon the planet were filled with loxoatl and galg, as well as creatures and species that even the vaunted databanks and Librarius of the <i>Litany </i>failed to identify. Entropic temporal distortions returned by the auspex scans suggested there was a notable Hrud presence as well. No orbital shielding existed on the planet, the corrupted xenos apparently feeling that their Warsphere was deterrent enough.<br/>
<br/>
“Madness,” Graves said, almost in awe. “What, was he trying to go for every heresy simultaneously?”<br/>
<br/>
Runao, the fifth and final world, sat in the perfect life-bearing band. As a result, it had been turned into nothing less than a fully formed Agri-World. Here, several ships hung protectively over it, as well as a rather significant number of orbital defense stations in multiple variants. Thankfully, if that word could even be fully applied, there were far less ground-based defense due to the need to use that land for other purposes. Whatever its specific crop-type was, it would have to be significant to produce for the remaining worlds sufficiently. If the orbitals could be cleared, the planet would be surely vulnerable, but due to its position within the system reaching it would be difficult without being attacked by the remaining Chaos and xenos fleets within the system.<br/>
<br/>
Still, long range auspex scans could only do so much. The few attempts by the Librarians to pierce the veil within the system were rebuffed rather painfully by sorcerous wardings.<br/>
<br/>
“There is nothing to do but keep moving forward,” Tarkus said quietly, making both look over at him through their projections. “If we retreat now, we leave with them fully aware that we know of their presence. They can increase their defenses, marshal their troops into defensive postures, fortify even further than they have. Call upon other allies, possibly outright build new ships,” he nodded towards the actuality sphere’s projection of the system.<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t disagree,” Adrastia said with a deep sigh.<br/>
<br/>
“We’re outnumbered,” Graves said pointedly. “If we get hit by all of those fleets at once, it won’t be pretty.”<br/>
<br/>
“We can’t give them time to concentrate their forces, then,” Tarkus said as he rubbed at his chin. “We need to hit one of their fleets <i>now</i> before they can bring them all together to surround us.”<br/>
<br/>
“The shipyards over Opus Maxima then?” Graves prompted.<br/>
<br/>
“The defenses there are possibly the most potent in the entire system,” Adrastia pointed out.<br/>
<br/>
“But it is also where a number of the ships are critically damaged,” Graves countered. “Every other fleet I see on the auspex is fresh. The moment we start moving towards one or the other, the others will surely respond.”<br/>
<br/>
“Not necessarily,” Tarkus spoke up. “Upon our entrance into the system we heard the friction between Mortirex and Vandis. They’ve spent decades cooped up in close proximity. Who is to say whether or not they would aid him if he came under assault?”<br/>
<br/>
“Mmm…possibly,” Adrastia pursed her lips. “Alternatively, we could try for Runao. Even as we speak, there are transport ships delivering rations and food supplies to the other worlds. If we burn that world to the ground, attrition might turn in our favor.”<br/>
<br/>
It was a definite possibility, certainly. Even space marines required nutrition and sustenance to keep their superhuman bodies functioning. Only a short time needed to pass to before mass-starvation would set in and likely cause widespread damage. It was not as if any other major supplies were currently incoming through the gravity reef’s tunnels. On the other hand, the orbital defenses were significant to make up for the deficit on the ground. The ships that hung over Runao were untouched by the fighting thus far, and unlike Mortirex were possibly far more likely to be reinforced by other ships.<br/>
<br/>
“Well, we need to decide quickly,” Graves mused. “Every minute we spend here deliberating is another minute they have to make the decision for us.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Jubacael System Name Discovered! <br/>
Planets of Jubacael System Identified! Hidden Chaos Anchorage!<br/>
<i>Litany of Fury</i> bombardment cannon destroyed, cannot be repaired without Forgeworld assistance!<br/>
All Fire Ships Utilized, None Remain!<br/>
Apollo Diomedes In Hyper-Critical Condition! 70% Chance Of Requiring Dreadnought Internment To Survive!<br/>
Chapter Master In Critical Condition! <br/>
2 Chaos Avenger-class Grand Cruisers Destroyed! 3 Hades-class Heavy Cruisers Destroyed! 6 Carnage-class Cruisers Destroyed! 2 Hecate-class Cruisers Destroyed! 10 Iconoclast Destroyers Destroyed! </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Captain Tarkus, What Is Your Decision? (Choose One)</u><br/>
<i>GM NOTE: Refer to above for information on planets. Exact parameters, defenses, and numbers uncertain in most locations. Moratorium Of 12 Hours. </i><br/>
[] Opus Maxima, Proto-Dark Mechanicus Forgeworld. Significant defenses, Orbital Defense Stations, Planetary Monitor Ship Fleet, Remainder Of Initial Chaos Fleet. Small Dark Mechanicus Fleet.<br/>
[] Runao, Corrupt Agri-World. Significant but purely oribtal-based defenses. Defensive fleet present composed of cruisers and escorts<br/>
[] New Meridian, System Capital, Location of Ex-Governor Vandis himself. Thoroughly defended Hive World. Two thirds of planet Hive, one third toxic wasteland.<br/>
[] Aeterna, Ocean World, Held by Chaos-aligned Saharduin, ruled by Reaverlord Carnax, further information unknown. Ten Saharduin Torrent-class Cruisers present.<br/>
[] Croxnov, Arid Feral World, Held by Chaos-corrupted Kroot. Single Kroot Warsphere in orbit. No other notable anti-orbital defenses or vessels.<br/>
<s>[] Retreat Like A Coward, Shaming The Chapter And Ensuring The Enemy Can Prepare Better In The Meantime, Dishonoring the Blood Ravens Forevermore And Blighting All Future Campaigns</s><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Fleet</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
1st Company: SC Spiraling Fury + 2 Escorts (1 Gladius/1 Hunter Destroyer)<br/>
5th Company: BB Litany of Fury + SC Rage of Erudition + SC The Great Father’s Fist + 7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
20 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius (+All Unassigned Librarians)<br/>
75 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Chapter Master Gabriel Unavailable For Deployment<br/>
Apollo Diomedes Unavailable For Deployment</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
3 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Initial Chaos Fleet, Currently In Orbit Around Opus Maxima</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">1 Battle Barge 'Ruination of Purity' (Significant Damage Sustained)<br/>
2 Strike Cruisers 'Joyous Lament' 'Rex Magnifica' (Minor Damage Sustained)<br/>
4 Carnage-class Cruisers (Critically Damaged)<br/>
2 Hecate-class Cruisers (Critically Damaged)<br/>
5 Iconoclast Destroyers (Critically Damaged)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas<br/>
3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers<br/>
81 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines<br/>
8 Khornate Berserkers<br/>
100 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations<br/>
Hundreds of Cultist Troopers<br/>
10 Soulrend Obliterators</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>