<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Mining Mount Drakenhof, Part 3</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Mining Mount Drakenhof, Part 3</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Raise

Tally



"Then let's not give them time to get creative," you say. "Can we follow the ghouls back to their nest?"

"A few of them were injured enough to leave a trail of blood," Thori says. "They'll probably end up food for the others once they stop running, but until then they're leaving a trail."

"Then let's do so. If they are a Strigoi's court, their nest will be either close to or part of where it sleeps."

"A Vampire in front of you is a lot easier to deal with than one lurking in the shadows somewhere," Tarni agrees.

"Alright, then," Thori says, and turns to the other Dwarves. "Lads, we're going to chase down those Goruzkulit and wipe them out, and see if anything tries to stop us. Medium speed, no trailers, light runes in the front, and treat the Wizards like an Organ Gun."

---

With practiced skill, the Ironbreaker formation moves smoothly and steadily down the tunnel with four manlings and a Dwarven Witch Hunter in the middle doing their best to match their pace. Rather than the solid and static block of troops favoured in above-ground formations, an Ironbreaker formation flows like water, pooling at each junction as some of them stand guard at side passage until the rest of the formation has passed and they can rejoin the end. Tactics honed by generations of encounters with Skaven and Night Goblins leave no purchase for ambush from any side as the formation mercilessly pursues the trail left by the ghouls.

[Spot check: Learning, 98+29+10(Windsage)=137.]

You've grown reaccustomed to a landscape soaked with Dhar very quickly, but that doesn't mean that you fail to notice when a knot of it starts to move of its own accord, and you spot this particular one when it's still several chambers away. By the time it's starting to move parallel to the Ironbreakers you've identified what its bulk and the spiralling Dhar within it must be. "Zangunvarf, rag bin karin," you say to the Ironbreakers, and then "varghulf approaching from the left," to the humans. As the front of the formation comes to a halt and the keening cries of ghouls and the soft sounds of metal on flesh do their best to draw your attention forward, the shields of the Dwarves on your left light up and illuminate a slavering bulk moving with shocking speed and quietness down a passage barely wide enough for it to fit down. The varghulf is the ultimate fate of a Vampire that surrenders itself entirely to the hunger within it, transformed far from anything that even resembles a human to something more like a bear, only with longer limbs and sharper teeth.

[Goendul: 5+20=35.][Johann: 52+18=70.][Mathilde: 37+23=60.]

This one ducks under a shard of ice that shatters the stone of the roof above it and ignores the crossbow bolt and pistol shot that disappear into its thick fur, giving a shriek of hunger and anticipation as it closes in. Less easily ignored is the steel ball shot from Johann's staff that strikes it square on the snout, halting its momentum and stunning it for a second before it shakes off the impact and throws itself forward once more.

[Ironbreakers vs Varghulf: 46+25=71 vs 23+30=53.]
[Goendul: 42+20=62.][Johann: 74+18=92.][Mathilde: 34+23=57.]

In an open field the charge of a varghulf might be nigh unstoppable, but squeezing through a tunnel arrests its momentum enough that the Ironbreakers are able to arrest its impact, filling the air with the screeching clang of oversized Vampiric talons clawing at gromril shields. This holds it in place long enough for another frozen shard, another bolt, and another few shots from your revolver to be shrugged off by the beast, but putting them all to shame is Johann levelling his golden arm at the thing, claws outstretched, and unleashing the Hysh stored within in a brilliant beam that banishes the darkness and sears a burning line across the beast's chest through fur and skin and muscle. But the moment the light fades, the injury is already beginning to reknit itself.

[Ironbreakers vs Varghulf: 92+25=117 vs 62+30=92.]
[Goendul: 100+20=120.][Johann: 1+18=19.][Mathilde: 92+23=115.]

Screeching with maddened bloodlust, the varghulf throws itself again at the shieldwall, and then shrieks even more as it fails to do more than force it back a few steps, its jaws snapping over helmeted heads barely an arms length from you. Objectively terrifying, but you've gone to a great deal of effort to quash your automatic reaction to things in favour of channelled violence, so your sword is summoned and starting to swing at it when you realize the other two Wizards have reacted similarly. From your left comes a bolt of crackling lightning, and from your right a golden fist, and both impact in the same instant. Azyrric energy fills the beast to overflowing, frying muscle and burning hair, and seeks an escape from a vessel too small for it.

It finds it in Johann.

Both varghulf and Gold Wizard slump, one atop three cursing Dwarves and the other into an equally cursing you. With some difficulty you lower him into the ground, at first hurriedly and then with more care as you realize that the varghulf is out of the fight. You're able to find a pulse and he's still breathing, but he seems to be very thoroughly unconscious.

"Is he okay?" Goendul asks behind you, her voice worried.

"He's breathing. What does that lightning tend to do to people?"

"Um. It explodes them, usually. Why did he punch it?"

"Religious reasons," you say with a sigh.

---

While you had been dealing with the varghulf, the Ironbreakers had been putting the ghouls to flight once more, and this time scattered them thoroughly enough that they're unlikely to regroup unless someone rounds them back up. The varghulf is given over to Ionel to oversee the butchery of and you make your way through the thinning formation to examine the chamber where the ghouls had made their stand, which proves to be a vaulted hall that may have long ago been a ballroom or banquet hall, but is now festooned with gnawed bones and shattered wood, with no piece of detritus intact enough to do more than hint at the piece of furniture it may once have been. In the centre of it, Tarni and Thori are looking up, where among the stalactites is a massive shaft leading up into darkness. Standing under it you can smell the slightest hint of fresh air.

"Claw marks and moulted fur," Tarni says to you as you approach. "A terrorgheist nests here - a type of carnivorous bat the size of a Dragon."

"I'd guess they don't get on with ghouls and varghulfs under normal circumstances," you say.

"They don't get on with anything," Tarni confirms, "so it must be under something's sway. The amount of fur means it's shedding, and that means it's still alive. That suggests that it's less than full grown, otherwise the Vampire would have slain and reanimated it. But it would still be big enough to be trouble on its own, let alone with a Vampire beside or atop it."

"A Strigoi atop a live and undergrown terrorgheist," you muse. "One returning home with probably a full belly, and possibly a cargo of meat for its court."

"That's about as favourable a circumstance as anyone could hope for against a Strigoi," Tarni says.

"All the lads are still fighting fit," Thori says. "What about yours?"

"Johann's unconscious, and magical healing might do him more harm than good," you say. Magical healing on a Wizard is usually fine, but a gilded Gold Wizard with a recently-fired Hysh arm that's been zapped with Battle Magic levels of Azyr in the middle of Sylvania is far from usual. "Hopefully he just needs rest. But I'm at full capacity, and Goendul will be too after a rest under the open sky."

"Your call, then. We've stamped out everything that's here and we can pick it clean at our leisure. Do we call that a win and head home with everything we can carry, or do we wait however long it takes for the Vampire and his pet to get home?"



[ ] Stay and ambush
[ ] Loot and leave



- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Either option gets Mathilde all the loot there is there is to be found in Drakenhof. Ambushing and defeating the Vampire will only add its skull and anything it might have on its person to the total.
- Goendul's rolls were that of a Celestial Wizard fighting far from the open sky, rather than using her raw attributes.
- The Varghulf was referred to as 'Fluffy' in the in-thread dicerolls in honour of an early Total War: Warhammer meme, wherein the Varghulf that Mannfred von Carstein begins with was often referred to as such.
  </body>
</html>