<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 23: Ashen Flight (Part One)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 23: Ashen Flight (Part One)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Start Of Turn Matters</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Gene-Seed Harvest</u><br/>
116 Implanted Into Test-Slaves<br/>
232 Successfully Harvested From Test-Slaves<br/>
<br/>
<u>Recruitment (Advances During Last Turn To Start Of This Turn) [Scout Advances Already Collated Last Turn Post]</u><br/>
Planets Chosen: Meridian+Junius<br/>
Aspirants Gained: 145<br/>
Psyker Aspirants Gained: 5<br/>
Aspirant Advances: 145-&gt; 110 Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]/ 5 -&gt; 5 Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage]<br/>
Neophyte Advances: 110 Neophytes  [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] -&gt; 90 Neophytes [2nd Stage] / 5 Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage] -&gt; 3 Psyker Neophytes [2nd Stage]<br/>
Specialist Leaning Neophytes Recognized: 2 Apothecary Neophytes / 3 Techmarine Neophytes / 1 Chaplain Neophytes -&gt; 6 Specialist Neophytes<br/>
<b>2nd Stage Neophytes Require Immediate Gene-Seed Implantation</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Healing Matters</u><br/>
With major combat concluded, the Apothecarium could turn its attention to returning various marines to combat-ready viability.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fleet Matters</u><br/>
Reconsecration and Rebuild Complete!<br/>
Blood Ravens Gain Unnamed Strike Cruiser! [Possesses Powerful Prow Lance Turret, Additional Weapon Arrays, Eager Machine Spirit, Reduced Planetary Assault Capacity] (50BP/Turn)</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Ashen Flight<br/>
+050.M42+ To +055.M42+<br/>
+<i>To The End, Always+</i></b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">"The techpriests seemed rather unhappy, Martellus."<br/>
<br/>
In fact, they seemed outright upset, but it was considerably difficult to say for certain. None of the adherents of the Machine Cult were those who had faces anymore, so you were stuck analyzing emotionless vocoder-filtered rasps as you had exchanged mutual friendly greetings. For your part, you had no reason to find the strike cruiser unacceptable. They had done their work well, restoring it to full functionality at a remarkable pace. The Machine Spirit of the vessel seemed almost too eager to get back out into the void, or so you had heard them mutter to themselves. Perhaps it was yet affected by the taint of the greenskins...but no, the shipyards of Zerann would not have delivered it back to you if they had not thoroughly cleansed it. No, the Machine Spirit is simply eager to prove itself, and to bring the fight to the foes of the Imperium, surely. As for Martellus himself, he and his own techmarines deemed that the vessel was capable, perhaps even more so, though unfortunately the desecration of the greenskins was such that neither he nor the priests of Zerann could discern its original identity. All that can be known is that some chapter, somewhere, lost this vessel. Which in its own way is something that must be avenged upon the foes of humanity.<br/>
<br/>
"Indeed, Chapter Master. They discovered that, while most of the greenskin 'modifications'," Martellus uses the word as he would 'excrement', "Could be removed, the lance weapon could not without necessitating total disassembly of the vessel - likely irrevocably. While this Strike Cruiser is no longer capable of the same bombardment procedures as other strike cruisers, it nonetheless possesses a powerful weapon for void-combat."<br/>
<br/>
That is indeed somewhat concerning. The techpriests likely found their inability to rectify this change to their holy design frustrating. Worse, the Imperial Navy's concerns of space marine chapters with frigates capable of lance fire worth disputing in their own way. On the other hand, this is a strike cruiser, and you certainly require such a ship. On the mechadendrite, it is a strike cruiser that has been warped by greenskin madness into a ship possessing multiple more weapon arrays, laser cannons, and torpedo launchers. It can still carry a full company, of course, that function was one of the main priorities, but it is most certainly not within the usual bounds of such vessels. It's tactical value, however, should you become involved with more void combat of any kind, is undeniable. A conundrum. One that you will deal with later. For now, the Chapter is largely focused on repairing their wargear and healing up after the many casualties taken in the fight. It was not nearly as bad as it could have been, if your forces had not been amongst the Guard and Lost Rosetta they would have been considerably higher, but you still took many. One of those is Hadrian himself, though your brother-captain is already awake and cognizant. He would likely speak towards keeping the ship as it is, which would not be surprising considering his...nature.<br/>
<br/>
"It functions correctly, though, correct?"<br/>
<br/>
"It does, yes. A welcome addition to the Chapter Fleet. Luckily, the meks aboard did not realize what the forges were. They used it as a...storage room."<br/>
<br/>
He says luckily, but you can feel the fury at the desecration in his voice for a molten moment before it passes.<br/>
<br/>
Then the two of you are silent, simply taking in the sight of the strike cruiser which hangs just outside the <i>Omnis Arcanum. </i>From within the launch bay, it is a stark sight, but as <i>Spiraling Fury</i> drifts past, the differences between the two are obvious. But of course, you would not bring Martellus so far away from his forges just for a simple viewing of the ship that has just been delivered. Especially after the rest of the Chapter Leadership including yourself already saw the thing when it first arrived. Another matter, one of dire importance, has come up as well.<br/>
<br/>
"But you have also received communication on the gene-seed tithe."<br/>
<br/>
"Yes."<br/>
<br/>
Martellus swivels his head to look at you, nodding slightly as he does so.<br/>
<br/>
"They are coming, soon. Possible within the next five years, possibly within ten, warp currents depending."<br/>
<br/>
Would that you could do the reverse, gain back some of the gene-seed you have spent such time dedicating over the years, but you dare not make that request in the here and now. Not with relations being what they are at the moment. Besides which, you gained a considerable amount this year through the test-slaves. Just another matter that must be taken care of. Yet all around you, the galaxy continues to spin. The hunt for Governor Vandis continues through the Inquisitor's agents, farther reaching than yours ever have been, more likely than not. You have received no calls specifically for your Chapter to attend any battle or another, now that Polonius has been reclaimed. But that is not to say that you are not unneeded. Derosa has requested that the brothers seconded to her remains for another year, citing concerns about the nobility of her planet once more as the reason. There are rumors of greenskin pirates and eldar corsairs somewhere in the sector, assaulting outposts and supply routes. There yet remain greenskins within Korianis as well. Potentially, you could even return to the older ways of the Blood Ravens, and send out your fleets into the wider galaxy, to aid where they will. Finally, the missives continue to come from the Deathwatch, ever-asking for more space marines to aid them in their fight.​</div> <br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] Assign 14 New Battle Brothers To Companies (Write-In Battle Brother Allotment)<br/>
[] Assign Veterans To 1st Company If Desired (Write-In, If Desired, Not Required)<br/>
[] Assign x8 Thunderhawks (x8 Gunships) Within Chapter Fleet (Write-In)<br/>
[] Name And Assign Unnamed Strike Cruiser To A Fleet (Write-In)<br/>
[] <b>Derosa's Request</b> - While originally, Talon Squad was meant to only spend five years working with Governor Derosa, she has requested that this be extended another five, as apparently matters on Meridian yet merit the presence of a squad of Blood Ravens. By her reckoning, at least. Talon Squad would remain on Meridian as a result instead of returning to the Chapter.<br/>
[]<b> Korianis Hunting - Greenskins</b>: Greenskin raiders have been sighted across the entire Sector, and their Anchorage point is unknown. The Blood Ravens could work towards hunting them down. While this would not be the same as defending the worlds they raid, the routes they assault, but it would end them as a threat sooner, would it not? They have been noted to rely not on a few powerful ships, but frustrating mobs of smaller vessels, which swarm and board the vessels and outposts they currently raid. Their numbers are enough such that much of the sector is under threat, especially with many forces sent to Polonius for its settling. (Write-In Forces Contributed)<br/>
<b>[] Korianis Defending - Greenskins:</b> Greenskin raiders have been sighted across the entire Sector, and their Anchorage point is unknown. While the Blood Ravens have no homeworld, it cannot be denied that this Sector is home to much of value to the Chapter, their recruiting worlds for instance. The Sector must be defended. Send out forces to patrol and work towards the defense of those under attack. The greenskins have been noted to rely not on a few powerful ships, but frustrating mobs of smaller vessels, which swarm and board the vessels and outposts they currently raid. Their numbers are enough such that much of the sector is under threat, especially with many forces sent to Polonius for its settling. (Write-In Forces Contributed)<br/>
<b>[] Korianis Hunting - Eldar:</b> Eldar corsairs have been sighted in the Krasus and Aralakh Subsectors. Why are they here? Amusement? Plunder? Or some other secretive plot hatched by a farseer of some sort? Does it matter? They must be hunted down, and soon, for they are led by a Void Stalker battleship. A powerful vessel, those isolated groups it attacks have little defense against it or its smaller escort fleet of two Shadow cruisers and four Hemlock destroyers. They are brazen, these Eldar, which is the only reason their fleet has been recorded as well as they have. They must be hunted down and brought to justice...but extreme caution must be had, for surely they have a greater plan at hand than simple raids, especially with a good amount of the Imperial Navy in Polonius watching over settlement and fortification. (Write-In Forces Contributed)<br/>
<b>[] Korianis Defending - Eldar: </b>Eldar corsairs have been sighted in the Krasus and Aralakh Subsectors. Why are they here? Amusement? Plunder? Or some other secretive plot hatched by a farseer of some sort? Does it matter? They must be hunted down, and soon, for they are led by a Void Stalker battleship. A powerful vessel, those isolated groups it attacks have little defense against it or its smaller escort fleet of two Shadow cruisers and four Hemlock destroyers. They are brazen, these Eldar, which is the only reason their fleet has been recorded as well as they have. At the least, they have only been sighted in two subsectors, meaning less difficulty in trying to defend against them. On the other hand, they are powerful void combatants indeed. (Write-In Forces Contributed)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Terminator Exchange</b>: Theodosia is willing to produce some Terminator Armor for you, having gotten those forges and designs online. But she will, one, require a full squad of marines with at least one psyker amongst them to safeguard the area - not that she doesn't trust the defenses and holy blessings of the Omnissiah, she just wants to ensure protection for your own equipment. And the hexagramic wards of the Blood Ravens should be especially valuable. Second, for each set of five terminator suits you desire built, she will require aid in other things, allowing her to free up production systems for what you desire. [1 Squad+Librarian Required To Help Oversee Production Whenever Selected. 1 Squad Required For Minor Favor Works In Exchange Per 5 Suits]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Training Automatic Now As Only Skill That Can Be Trained Is Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Toughness And Agility Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it <b>must</b> be specified that they do so.<br/>
- It would be unwise to split our fleets between hunting and guarding against both the greenskins and Eldar. Better to focus our forces on one of the xenos or the other, or one of the tasks, such as focusing entirely on defense, or entirely on hunting. Otherwise our fleets might find themselves torn asunder piecemeal.<br/>
- The Deathwatch seem desperate indeed, willing to take scouts, veterans, or even tomb-brothers, should they be sent to them.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest At Start Of Next Turn. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use. [Possess 259 Total Gene-Seed]<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (90 Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (3 Total) with Gene-Seed.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The <i>Arcanum</i> may have the largest of our Apothecarium, but it is the <i>Potentia</i> that possesses the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (Choose One):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] The Raven's Talons: Justinius believes that it should be possible to craft weapons that would be highly effective against daemons and the malefic powers of the Warp itself, as <i>Godsplitter</i> is. With five usable shards taken from Wailing Doom of the Unknown Craftworld's Avatar of Khaine from Typhon Primaris, he believes he could make similar weapons. Whether another daemonhammer, a blade, axe, maul, or spear, he thinks it possible. [100 BP Per Raven Talon, Powerful Anti-Daemon Power Weapons, x4 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Weapon. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] The Raven Aegis: The powers of the Warp and the daemons of Chaos are things that you know for a fact the Blood Ravens will face in the future. Creating talismans which would protect against such things would be incredibly valuable indeed. Justinius' successful efforts at using the materials of the fallen Avatars of Khaine from Craftworld Ulthwé has made him believe it possible to create such things. [50 BP Per Raven Aegis, Powerful Anti-Daemon/Warp Protection Talisman. x8 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Talisman. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] Anti-Anti-Psyker Study: The Split Heart Kabal made strange xeno advances in the baffling, diffusing, and blocking of psyker powers and abilities. By making a study of such things, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens would be able to train its forces against such things, improving their ability to defeat such things in the future while providing an additional aid of likely effectiveness against the vile Eldar specifically. [Note: This will mean that all non-Company Epistolary Librarians and Justinius Probalis are <b>unusable</b> for other tasks for <b>2</b> turns i.e. 10 years.]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
- The Chapter's greatest advantage was its Librarians. I know that they were used for...ill purpose in the past by Kyras, but I will not allow such a political character to be assigned to them ever again. We were meant for more than that. For the betterment of the Chapter, for its coming battles, and the maintenance of the <i>Sanctorium Arcanum,</i> we must rebuild our ranks, and soon.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (675 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Ships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The <i>Ravenous Spirit </i>[0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Spiraling Fury</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Burning Seeker</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Rage of Erudition</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>The Great Father's Fist</i> [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The <i>Howling Hatred</i> [12/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The ??????? [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [0/????]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- We should probably build more Tarantula turrets.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We have proven, now, our techmarine cadre to have the ability to properly construct the forges on our ships. We should continue this practice, for the Chapter is dangerously under-equipped compared to the strength it once possessed before the Purge.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Have we considered building more Tarantula turrets? Deploying them to aid our forces in upcoming fighting would be most valuable indeed, all things considered. <br/>
- Thank goodness the <i>Potentia</i> has returned to service. Amongst the rest of the ships within the Chapter Fleet, it possesses the most advanced forge facilities, as befitting its name. This will surely aid me in construction of more advanced technologies in the future, as well as their study!<br/>
- Our Chapter will remain low in number for quite some time yet. I believe that one of the best ways to alleviate such issues is the noble Tarantula turret.<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.<br/>
- The Deathwatch would not ask so desperately if it were not needed. We could, conceivably, send scout marines to them. A number of these scouts would die, but they would die doing the Emperor's work. Those that survive would return with a vast amount of experience as well.</div>
  </body>
</html>