<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26 Social - 2482.5 - Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26 Social - 2482.5 - Part 2</h2>
Johann arrived in Altdorf a few days before you did, to report his progress to his superiors and see to other internal matters of the Gold College. But the night before you were to arrive, he began a long and arduous process that was one of the most precious secrets of the Gold College: the distillation of magically-attuned Conceptual Gold, all you know of which is that it begins, in this case, with about six pounds of pure gold.

The Gold College is not just the wealthiest of the Colleges of Magic, but one of the wealthiest organizations in the entire Old World. The structure of the College itself is not hidden in any way, nestled into the corner of the city walls and the Reik for all to visit, or at least those wealthy enough to afford the products of modern alchemy, from pigments and dyes to medicines and poisons to magical elixirs. It might seem strange that the exterior of such a wealthy organization is so plain, boxy, and utilitarian. But as Altdorf learned during the fifteen-year siege of the Colleges during the reign of Deieter IV, the College being built beside and partially upon the Reik was not just to turn waterwheels and cool forges, as the low-lying streets that surround it were flooded by hidden sluices, turning the College into a formidable fortified position.

But the impression of defensibility evaporates as soon as one enters the College itself, as the reception area of the College is luxurious enough to make the wealthiest of clients feel at home, with thick carpets, velvet curtains and gilded statues displaying as little subtlety as the average Gold Wizard. Most clients would have a well-dressed attendant sidle discreetly up to them within moments of entering, but one wearing the robes of a sibling College merits a longer wait as a more qualified figure is sought to recieve you. When they do finally arrive, you tell them your business here, and are led deeper into the College and down flight after flight of stairs. The ground floor is for books and business, and it is below that the real work happens, where the forgiving earth can absorb the consequences of any missteps.

The laboratory you are led to is far from the stereotypes, as it is clean, well-ventilated, well-lit, and empty of clutter, as alchemists that tolerate distractions and variables tend not to last too long. Johann looks up from a crucible as you enter and closes the lid on a chest of tools of some sort before rising to greet you. "Thank you for being here," he says, and there's a moment of awkwardness where he hesitates between holding his hand out to shake and going in for a hug, and you resolve the dilemma by stepping in. From touch alone, it's impossible to tell that the skin beneath his robes is at all abnormal.

"Of course," you say. "But I'm still not sure why. It's far from the first time you've done this."

"Arms and legs are one thing," he says as he turns back to the crucible, keeping a close eye on the simmering molten metal it contains, "and I had my former Master with me for my lungs. But she's busy siccing Golden Hounds on ghouls, and this was the only timeslot for the- for some of the tools."

You nod. "Alright, so what are you gilding? Another organ?" You glance around the room for surgical tools, and are relieved not to spot any.

"My eyes."

Scratch the relief. "Your- how?"

"It's a slightly different process. The vitreous fluid is replaced, and only the iris is gilded."

You grimace as you try not to imagine exactly how that occurs. "And you want me to be your spotter? What do I have to do?"

"No, the part of the ritual that contains the potential damage also makes any intervention impossible. I just..." He looks up at you, and you can't help but notice the bags under his eyes before he turns back to the metal. "Someone to be here, and to get me back to the Karak if it goes wrong."

---

Fifteen minutes of awkward small talk later, punctuated by the occasional bursting bubble of slowly boiling metal, the last of the preparations are complete and Johann has wheeled out a horrific-looking pair of metal funnels on a stand, which he adjusts to match the distance between his eyes.

"Both at once?" you ask.

"Might as well," he says with false bravado. "The ritual encompasses the optic nerve, so if I do one and it goes wrong, the heat will still radiate from one to the other."

You offer to help set it up, but you're quite relieved when he rebuffs you, and after filling the funnels with alchemically-altered gold, bolting them onto the bench, and fitting himself with a truly horrifying-looking headset that straps his eyelids open, he climbs atop the bench top and aligns himself under them. "If all goes well, this should only take ten minutes or so," he says.

"And if it doesn't?"

"Oh, we'll know right away," he says with a tense little laugh.

[Rolling...]

You know right away.

Johann squeezes the bulb on an end of a pipe that opens the funnels, and somehow manages not to flinch as twin strands of gold with the consistency of honey stretch towards his held-open eyes, but though screaming is entirely appropriate given the situation, you've heard more than enough screams in your time to tell between terror and agony. The funnels snap shut as Johann drops the bulb, and you pull him out from under the mechanism by his feet so that the still-suspended gold can splash against the bench instead of Johann's face. But after that, all you can do is hold him as he thrashes and screams and his eyeballs boil away in his head.

---

"That could have gone better," he says to you again. He's said it several times that morning.

"It could have," you agree again.

"Could have gone worse, though," is the next line, and you nod in agreement, before remembering that he can't see you nodding. The magic to bind the Conceptual Gold to his eyes had failed, but the magic to contain the effect to his eyes had not.

"What's the plan from here," you ask, as he seems to be a little more sure of what he's saying, and you hope that means he's come to terms with it. "Jade College?"

"No point turning back on gilding," he says, holding a hand up to touch his blindfold. "It would be years before the Chamon fades enough for another Wind to heal the damage. Once the scarring is complete, I can attempt it again. I've got enough savings for a second attempt once the failed batch is salvaged. Assuming it succeeds, it will be like it never went wrong."

It's clear he's as much reassuring himself as he is telling you. You consider reaching over to pat his hand, but you don't want to startle him. So instead you murmur agreement, and lead him to the waiting gyrocarriage to take him home.

---

Though he should definitely be taking it easy, Johann insisted on being present for the usual meeting of the Wizards. And though they're much too big to ride atop him these days, his wolf-rats haven't left his side since he returned from Altdorf and insist on following along. So your meeting room is rather crowded, and all those present are fairly distracted with shooting sympathetic looks at Johann.

"Okay," you say with forced cheer. "Johann and Max and I have been occupied with classified projects, which just means the rest of you are going to have to carry this meeting. Panoramia, you're the most industrious of us, how goes pulling food out of the ground?"

"The Eastern Valley is still going to take a lot of time and attention, but it's all work the Halflings can take care of themselves, so we're starting to draw up plans for the Caldera itself," she says. "The whole..." she waves a hand in a vaguely upwards direction, "death tower thing seems to have dealt with the worst of the spore infestation, but it's a lot of earth that's suffered a lot of neglect."

"Don't you ever get sick of just... preventing everyone from starving to death? Ever want to branch out into some sort of dubious megaweapon?"

"Duty comes first," she says primly, "and there's a sense of satisfaction to a thriving topsoil."

"Speaking as someone who enjoys not starving, thank you," Max says with a nod.

"You're quite welcome," she says, giving you a smug look.

"Moving on to what I hope is more interesting levels of megalomania, Adela, how has your past few months been? Have you reached a decision on your future?"

She looks quite proud of herself. "The Gunnery School here settled it, I managed to get one of my brothers in and I'm looking to get some cousins into the next intake."

"You're from Nuln, right? Like Oswald is."

"His..." she screws up her face, thinking. "Great-uncle was the mentor of my first cousin once removed. I think."

"I'm picturing an entire platoon of Burgstallers and Oswaldsons and it is terrifying. Going to throw yourself back into engineering, then?"

She shrugs, looking self-conscious. "I wanted to, but apparently the visiting Dwarves are a lot touchier about that sort of thing than Prince Gotri's lot."

"Oh, they would be. See me about that later, I've got a book or two that might give you some direction. Hubert, how about you?"

"I've been spending a lot of time at Ulrikadrin lately," he says. "Training and praying with them. I'll stay for now."

"And with Soizic," Gretel says with a smile.

"Okay, yes, and I've been training under General Soizic."

"Training under?" Adela asks, her smile a mirror of Gretel's.

"Drilling, then," he corrects himself, a tinge of red to his cheeks.

"Drilling," Gretel says thoughtfully.

"Okay, leave him alone," you say, and Hubert is foolish enough to shoot you a grateful look. "Whatever form of dismounted swordplay he practices with the General is between him and her." Gretel and Adela dissolve into laughter, and Max and Johann are both fighting back grins. Panoramia, to your surprise, is blushing almost as much as poor Hubert. Weren't Jades supposed to be more worldly? "Gretel, though it's certainly within your power to retire to a life of shiftless debauchery, I doubt you'd still be attending these meetings if you didn't aspire to more. What's on your horizons?"

She seems like she wants to speak up in defence of shiftless debauchery, but she apparently decides against it. "I've been talking to the Besiegers, and while they'd be happy to have a Wizard amongst them, they'd be doubly so to have someone who can perform Morr's rites. If they get a contract that's not too far away, I'll go with them."

"You want to be a mercenary?" you ask doubtfully.

"I want to see more battlefields," she corrects.

"Ah." That, you suppose, makes more sense. You've never had to look too far for shadows and mists, but the Amethyst Wind wasn't quite so omnipresent. "Well, there's never too long between trouble in the Border Princes or Tilea. Just make sure to come back in one piece."

"As you wish, esteemed Magister," she says with a sarcastic little bow.

---

While most of Karag Nar's facilities are close to ground level, the new branch of the Gunnery School of Nuln is not that far below your penthouse, built level to the firing platforms of Karag Nar's cannon and mortars overlooking Death Pass. Not only does this give easy access to said cannon for teaching and maintenance, it also provides a fantastic view.

It's out on one of these platforms that you find the Chief Bombardier of the Undumgi, who's focusing most of his attention on the slate in his hands, though with regular glances out at the view. Following his gaze, you see flickers of colour far below as tiny marker flags flap in the breeze. You know that the entirety of the firing arc of these guns has been ranged and mapped in advance, but that doesn't remove the need for the Gunnery School to teach trajectories and trigonometry to their students, and it seems the master of those students is a believer in keeping his skills honed.

"This is my magic," he says proudly, looking up at you and tapping his chalk against the slate. "We follow the ritual of cleaning and loading, we do the arcane calculations, we make an offering of fire, and if we did it all just right, thirty-six pounds of iron travelling at a mile every four seconds goes exactly where I want it to."

"That would make for a handy spell," you say with a smile, "though most Wizards tend to prefer more portable foci."

"Seen a Battle Altar or two in my time that would disagree." He squints at you thoughtfully. "You know, I was a bit put out after you chose Frank over me, but I should have realized a Grey Wizard would be playing the long game. Generations of Oswaldsons have dreamed of having an arsenal, and now I have one, and the perfect perch to fire it from. And now I teach the joy of firepower to new generations of worthies. So! What brings such an august figure to my pied-à-terre, as the Bretonnians say?"

"Wanting to get to know a figure of near-comparable augustness. The Gunnery School is a real coup for the Karak, and though it's not my job to ensure it's in good hands, it is my responsibility."

"No better hands than those of an Oswaldson," he says with a smile, holding them up, charcoal stains and all, for inspection. "I don't have the powder-tattoos of my father as my eyes were deemed insufficient by the Nuln Ironsides, hence my sojourn with the Nuln 2nd Halberdier Regiment. Leverage is almost as good an equalizer as gunpowder, after all. But the joy of command is that you can draw on the eyes and minds and muscles of those below, and it's not hard to arrange it so you have at least one good set of each in a gun crew."

"Speaking of, how goes their formation?" you ask, taking a seat beside him on his bench.

"Tricky, tricky," he says, waving a hand. "Aloof and aloft would come all too natural, with these cannon perched up here. A separate class of professional artillerists is the natural answer, but that dragon of yours has me nervous."

"My dragon?" you ask.

"You're the one that made friends with it, aren't you? Same as that one in Sylvania."

You open your mouth, and then mentally shrug. "Sure."

"Not many dragons around, but there's wyverns and manticores and fell bats in these mountains, and that's just the start of it, and you can't make friends with them all. And it would be a terrible waste to leash the gyrocopters to us. So every gunner, says I, must be as adept with steel as the rest of the Undumgi, and I turn them over to Soizic on the regular for them to be terrorized into competence. So they can defend themselves against flying gribblies, and so they can march shoulder-to-shoulder with the rest of us if we must fight outside the shadows of the Karags."

You consider his words. Specialism as a doctrine reigns supreme over the Empire's modern military theory, but modern military theory is based heavily on a core of semiprofessional regiments stiffening up a largely untrained militia.  The Empire's few truly professional soldiers are specialists to balance out the huge supply of effectively generalist amateurs. There's an argument to be had here that the Undumgi as an entirely professional force should break with traditional thinking. But even if there wasn't, interfering now would do more harm than good, undermining the existing command structure and breeding resentment where currently there is harmony. "The Dwarves would likely agree," you say. "Every Dwarf that marches to war is trained to a standard at least equal to that of the Empire's swordsmen, even the gun crews and Thunderers and Quarrellers."

"Sensible lot," he says. He peers down at his slate, then nods to himself in satisfaction. "Have you ever had cause to learn the art of ballistics?"

"Indirectly," you say. "Trigonometry comes in handy in some esoteric corners of Wizardry."

He grins sideways at you. "If you ever wish to learn to apply it to this second form of magic, it would be my honour to teach you."

---

The Gauntlet is not a place of glory, not any more. It is a place of endless mechanical precision, where the regular rabble of greenskins forced down the Underway path are mown down as dispassionately as water is pumped out of a mine below the water table. The passage itself is harshly illuminated by a series of polished bronze mirrors redirecting the light of several constantly-burning bonfires, and though the Dwarves keep the passage clear of solid remains to deprive would-be invaders of any cover, no amount of cleaning would manage to clear away the layer after layer of bloodstains that have formed. Only a cunning series of bellows to force the airflow towards Black Crag prevents the smell from being overpowering. But it's still far from pleasant, and you find yourself breathing through your mouth as you consider the sign in Khazalid mounted above one of the watchposts.

KEEP YOUR DISTANCE FROM THE SPIDERS
IF YOU MUST APPROACH, BE SURE THEY HAVE SEEN YOU FIRST
DO NOT MAKE SUDDEN MOVEMENTS NEAR THEM

Considering the Hunters here would be operating on instinct and instruction, rather than a live connection to the We, it's a sensible set of precautions. Looking up at the roof, you can see the lines of webbing that allow the Hunters to move even faster than they usually would towards their unconventional hunting ground. "How have they been doing?" you ask the Longbeard currently in command.

"They stay up there, we stay down there, and everyone's happy," he says with a shrug. "They wander up the Gauntlet to try to pick off greenskins when it's quiet, and seem to be doing alright at it. Half the time the first warning we have of an incoming assault is a bunch of them coming back at once and all the rest of them darting into side tunnels to wait until the shooting stops. Then they pick over the battlefield and take away any of them still wriggling, then the Halflings show up for the rest, then we wait for the next lot."

"No problems?"

"Some idiots that don't read signs," he says with a shrug. "The venom mostly wears off, and what's left over is a cheaper lesson than most in doing what you're told on a battlefield. There's some grumbling, but no more than normal."

---

"Karak-We-green-food is five-eighths sufficient," the We spokesspider relays to you from its position of pride on one of the We's golden walls of tesselated coins, "Hunting in..." it pauses as it considers the phonetics, which is no mean feat for a species that communicates non-verbally. "'Black-Crag' is two-eighths sufficient. Final one-eighth from Karak-We-gold-food. This is a suitable many-food."

"Are the Black-Crag-green-four-legs becoming more sometimes-not-food?" You'd consulted your notes on the speech patterns of the We in preparation for this meeting.

"Green-four-legs-sometimes-food are very sometimes," it says, and though the circlet does not relay tone, you can sense the frustration with greenskin unpredictability that is common to so many of their enemies. "But the We have hunted green-four-legs for many-Echo. If they become more sometimes-not-food, we will learn how to make them more sometimes-food. We do not wish a no-food."

"Nor do we," you say with a smile, and mean it. The We are undeniably strange beings, but under their alien mindview was a charming and unselfish simplicity of being. "Into what are you growing your not-food-gold?" They'd stumbled onto the concept of accounts, by splitting their Karak-We-gold into food-gold and not-food-gold. You're starting to wonder how the economists of the University of Altdorf would react to the creatures.

"We wish to know of not-We-Wes," it says, with a happy chitter of its mandibles. "The Karak-We is part of the Karaz-We, which is in a many-food with the Empire-We, which itself is made up of smaller-Wes which are made of smaller-Wes which are made of smaller-Wes. And each not-We is alone in its We, but it still seeks bigger-We. It is frightening and inspiring. Any other-We with a single Egg-Layer would be frightened, would seek only the safest food. But not-We are only ever one not-We, but they still hunt, and they hunt such that if they were other-We, we would consider it mating-suitability. Even you hunt, and you are the most-Echo of the not-We, who must know how only one you are."

You take a moment to digest that. "I do know how only one I am," you say. "But I will never not be only one. So I would rather hunt well, than not."

It chitters again. "We are glad to be in a many-food with your Karak-We."

---

You prepare a report for King Belegar on your progress with Queekish, including what you've learned of its dialects and that you should be ready to begin work on something distributable very soon. You're quite certain he'll leave you on that assignment, as if there was anything urgent enough to require your immediate attention you'd have heard about it.


Library Purchases
Budget: 300gc, 2 Dwarf Favour. Anything not spent will not accumulate.
[ ] [LIBRARY] No purchase.
[ ] [LIBRARY] Write-in.

Dwarf Favour Purchases
[ ] [DWARF] No purchase.
[ ] [DWARF] Write-in.

College Favour Purchases
[ ] [COLLEGE] No purchase.
[ ] [COLLEGE] Write-in.

Other Purchases
[ ] [PURCHASE] No purchase.
[ ] [PURCHASE] Write-in.


- There will be a two-hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>