<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>015.M42 Through 020.M42 Interlude: Blood And Ash Rising</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>015.M42 Through 020.M42 Interlude: Blood And Ash Rising</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><i>GM NOTE: Active five years, or active muse? Eh?</i>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>015.M42 Through 020.M42 Interlude: Blood And Ash Rising</b>​</div> <br/>
It had once been an important manufactorum for the Hive World. Or at least important in the sense that the incredibly mundane items and tools that it had produced in vast numbers were of quiet utility to the population across the planet that had once stood in the billions but had quickly been reduced to millions over the course of the Black Crusade. As it was, however, now, so many years later of constant fighting, it stood as simply one of the few remaining structure that had not fallen apart entirely, had been blasted to pieces, or had not been ground beneath the endless boots of Chaos and Imperium marching back and forth as they ground against another. Back and forth, back and forth had the fight begun. Here, then, they had come, for while it was not a truly significant manufactorum, not an area of vast importance for war material, for the greater battle.<br/>
<br/>
But it’s people had needed help. The Imperial Guard had fallen back, too far back, retreating to parts of the city they could defend. Too many had been left behind. Tens of thousands, huddling in fear and terror as the endless waves of mutants, of cultists, of chaos space marines, of daemons, all that could be spawned from the warp had come to the world, to crush yet one more world within the Agripinaa Sector. The world had not yet fallen at the time, and while it was true that they might have fought against the enemy in a more direct manner, they had elected instead to provide their own forces as defenses against the enemy so that those who could finally evacuate were protected as they did so.<br/>
<br/>
“Into the fires of battle, unto the anvil of war!”<br/>
<br/>
It was a battle cry carried out by all of their surviving brethren, all of them fellow sons of Nocturne, as they fought their desperate last stand. The shattered remains of the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company fought on, many of them forming up in a tight core around the body of their slain captain. Or at least the parts of him that had been left behind after the daemon had cut him into pieces. It had been slain, to be sure, but that did not make his death any easier. Where once the entire company had stretched out its lines to defend against the millions of plagued zombies left by the Plague of Unbelief as cursed vanguard, now they had ever more slowly pulled further inwards, methodically burning and shooting all they could the entire way. They bellowed their war cries, and they died. They killed the enemy, and were overrun by sheer numbers. They saved the lives of tens of thousands who were allowed into the protective gates of the spires surrounding this one fallen city, at the stern behest of their own forces.<br/>
<br/>
But millions more zombies came on. Upon them, here and there, chortling and rot-filled Death Guard could be sighted. Cavorting plaguebearers dragged their diseased blades along the ground leaving unnatural life and disease springing up behind them. Thousands yet more of mutated and plagued men and women who had sworn to Nurgle shuffled forward, their skin sallow and torn open in many places while they carried weapons which ought to have ceased functioning long ago such was their own conditions. But for all that they came on, in a line that stretched unto the horizon, they were fought. For all that the world had begun to collapse, forces retreating elsewhere again and again until there was nothing else left to defend, save here, they had fought on.<br/>
<br/>
There was nowhere else left to retreat to.<br/>
<br/>
“Calidus?” N’mul called out over the sound of his melta gun firing again and again.<br/>
<br/>
The Librarian grunted a thick sheet of flame erupting into air that incinerated dozens of oncoming plague zombies which continued to push forward regardless before turning to him and shaking his head in silence.<br/>
<br/>
“Damn. Cendium?”<br/>
<br/>
“Nothing, Sergeant,” the techmarine slowly shook his head. “It might have been a response to our distress signal, it might not have been.”<br/>
<br/>
“Wait,” Calidus spoke up, his voice echoing with the same waves of psychic power that burst forth from him. “I can feel him once again!”<br/>
<br/>
It was a fools hope, but trapped as they were like this, almost sure to die like this, the last living Sergeant of the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had seized upon it. With their own strike cruiser gone, torn apart by daemons and a horrifically unlucky nova cannon shot striking it across the bow, they were all that was left. But the idea of a psychic response, of someone hearing them, after so many weeks left to die, it had almost seemed impossible. Before the Librarian could say anything more, the others of their motely survivors of the ruination that had been brought to the Imperium’s forces upon the world arrived from the shadows.<br/>
<br/>
“Sergeant,” the Raptor marine nodded, before hoisting over and depositing another heavy bolter from somewhere or another. “Put it with the others,” the marine directed at one of the other of the Raptors, who dragged it onto the barricades and began to sight down it. “Is something happening?”<br/>
<br/>
“We may be getting rescued,” N’mul told him, pausing only to fire another melta blast at what might have been a plague marine amidst the endless ocean of zombies outside.<br/>
<br/>
The previously destroyed vox, repaired thrice, crackled in Cendium’s hands, who raised it up for all those present to see.<br/>
<br/>
“-repeat, confirm your position, brothers! Orbital window for retrieval is closing fast, multiple enemy ships inbound!”<br/>
<br/>
“Confirmed!” N’mul cried out, his hand thumbing the response rune on the device, “This is Sergeant N’Mul, Salamanders 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, we are in need of assistance! Our position is completely surrounded by the enemy!”<br/>
<br/>
There was silence on the other line, before the steady response came.<br/>
<br/>
“Understood. Epistolary Kogal has confirmed the presence of at least one of your number is a Librarian. Confirm his identity?”<br/>
<br/>
“I am Calidus, Epistolary of the 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. I know of the ironbound fire that is your brother, I feel his presence even now.”<br/>
<br/>
“Confirmed! Stand by for thunderhawk and drop pod deployment!!”<br/>
<br/>
They did not wait long. More and more daemons were marshaling behind the endless waves of moaning plague zombies, an endless shield of meat preventing any of their number from truly destroying the foe before them. They had slain beyond counting, but there were always more. The greatest singular value of a Hive World given over as a weapon to the enemy – its population. Yet then came the gloriously familiar whistling of drop pods flying down through the atmosphere right in front of their own defensive line. Likely aided by psychic communication between one Librarian to another, N’mul later realized. That, and the fact that it was the very tactics and nature of his rescuers that they would only proceed with precise strategies and hopefully planned for contingencies for any battle they leapt into. It had kept his saviors alive, and would keep him alive in battles to come, he would contemplate months later.<br/>
<br/>
From the drop pod erupted a dreadnought, who slammed down one mighty spinning fist to release an unrelenting and progressive curtain of cerulean and emerald flame which even he found impressive, while the rest of their rescuers began to fire. It was only then that he realized how few of them there were, and of what weapons they fired and possessed. Well that, and the fact that also exiting one of the drop pods was a full squad of Sororitas, who fired with their own bolters and flamers towards the enemy while calling out to the Emperor for salvation and fury. From another drop pod, which had clearly been modified slightly, was an honest to goodness Leman Russ tank, which had already begun to fire from within the drop pod without moving an inch. But truly, it was the fact that he saw an <i>apothecary</i> firing a missile launcher towards a tight grouping of plague zombies which truly shook him out of it, while the rest of his brothers and his allies in the raptors began to take advantage of the shock done to the enemy to do what they could.<br/>
<br/>
Soon after came the thunderhawks, and yet for all of it the steady pace of the nurglites remained the same. They cavorted and laughed up at them, to N’mul’s shame, calling them cowards, telling them that they would find his forces once more, and bring them their God’s touch. He was but a newly promoted sergeant, and yet in one of the first truly great battles of his career, the majority of the company had died. Died to save so many, but died all the same. It was not the same for the Raptors, he knew, for they had purposefully vastly divided their chapter up across the entire Black Crusade, small single squads doing what the Guard could not, stealth assaults, providing morale boosts all over. But for his Company…he did not know what he could do for it.<br/>
<br/>
“You are N’mul?” one of the hulking terminators who had arrived spoke, coming closer, a crackling  power fist on one arm, a still lit heavy flamer slung in the grip of the other.<br/>
<br/>
“I am.”<br/>
<br/>
There was a pop and a hiss, to reveal the scarred face of the one within the armor, cybernetics curling upwards along his throat to just under his chin. A steady hand was offered.<br/>
<br/>
“I am Force Commander Aramus, of the Blood Ravens. My brother, Tarkus, spoke highly of the Salamanders and of Nocturne which he once visited upon his pilgrimage.”<br/>
<br/>
N’mul stared at him, and realized he had in fact heard of Aramus and his Blood Ravens before. A single strike cruiser, taking utterly insane risks as it dove into the worst of the fighting across the Sectors and Subsectors under assault, endlessly retrieving and rescuing those who had been certain to die, lost resources, personnel, artifacts of churches and the Eccelsiarchy, and more. Performing missions with a small strike force, but one that had been remarkably successful in the past. Yet even so…there were other things said of the Blood Ravens. That they were traitors and heretics, often spoken by the Iron Hands and their successors. But on the other hand, they had already fought alongside the Salamanders in this Black Crusade…<br/>
<br/>
“I have not heard of this Tarkus before,” N’mul said, and honestly so for he was only but a century old yet had been tapped to join the newly formed 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus shrugged, a remarkable feat in his terminator armor, and stepped back so that he could flip up the heavy flamer. N’mul stared at it, and as he ran his hands over it he knew it to be surely Salamander work before he even reached the etched sigils of his Chapter in its workings. Behind him, Cendium approached as they all huddled together within the troop compartment of the thunderhawk which even now sped up towards the ship above, and grabbed it with his servo-arm.<br/>
<br/>
“I remember Tarkus of the Blood Ravens. I recall that this was meant to be given to him upon the day he received his terminator honors.”<br/>
<br/>
“And it was,” Aramus bowed his head, “It has merely fallen to me at the moment, and with his blessing.”<br/>
<br/>
“For your Penitent Crusade,” one of the Raptors spoke.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Raven’s lips did not tighten, his eyes did not narrow. Instead, he merely nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes. I made my mistakes. Arrogance, and pride, and foolishness. Now I suffer for it, but I do not suffer without purpose. What of your gene-seed, do you need us to return you to the lines? We cannot leave for Nocturne, it is beyond our oaths to leave the fight here.”<br/>
<br/>
“Fer’vel?” N’mul looked towards the company apothecary who was heavily weighted down with the precious cargo he carried all about his person. <br/>
<br/>
“The Mechanicus should have some vessels capable of it, and they will honor our previous agreements and dealings,” the apothecary grunted.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================<br/>​</div>“You are not leaving?” Aramus blinked at the sight of the Salamanders returning into the thunderhawk.<br/>
<br/>
N’mul looked at him, and then back at the rapidly departing ship and its incredibly valuable cargo, before turning back to him and shaking his head.<br/>
<br/>
“No. The Salamanders cannot simply abandon the fight either. The 7<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company still exists, in part, and we will not leave when there is yet more to be done. And while I know that you do not partake in the ‘grander’ battles, you fight to preserve what others have been forced to leave behind.”<br/>
<br/>
“It is all we can do,” Aramus murmured. “We have not the forces to do anything else.”<br/>
<br/>
“I did not say that they were worthless acts. Which is why we shall join you. We cannot act as a company, but we <i>can</i> act as a squad, a task force, which,” N’mul glanced at the nearby raving Canoness as she yelled at her own sisters for failing to slay as many in the latest fight as the space marines, “You appear to need.”<br/>
<br/>
“You do not know what you ask, what you will be committing yourself to,” Aramus frowned, “Why?”<br/>
<br/>
“Your honor has been spoken of, you and of Captain Tarkus. You have been judged pure by the Inquisition. I do believe, Aramus,” N’mul clasped him on the shoulder once before heading for the thunderhawk as well, “That you at least deserve a <i>chance</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
Aramus was stilled in shock for a long moment, before one of the Raptors, done with their own preparations, walked past as well.<br/>
<br/>
“You as well, Celeritan?”<br/>
<br/>
The Raptor Sergeant looked at him and slowly shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“We are all going to die anyway. I simply find that dying on one of the missions that you pursue to be…agreeable rather than dragged underneath an ocean of plagued flesh or bronze chainaxes.”<br/>
<br/>
Then the fatalistic Raptor walked on.<br/>
<br/>
Aramus stared upwards at the stars, and then lifted one hand up so that he could examine it. He ran it slowly along his front, though he could not see the bionics that had been placed within where his innards had been carved through in multiple places by the ork that had nearly killed him. He did not pretend to know what would happen next. It was not as if Kogal had the ability to perform the Emperor’s Tarot anymore given his state, though he could sometimes attempt to pierce the veil of the future. Even then, he was not Justinius. Kogal had become an Epistolary on his more immediately effective powers. Fire, geomancy, things such as that. He…did not want more to die because of him. Too many already had, and for an instant the memory of the slaughtered forces at Angel Forge because of his shattering the gate returned. Deaths unneeded, but his fault in turn.<br/>
<br/>
“My duty is death,” he whispered, “None shall find me wanting.”<br/>
<br/>
Then he banished his idle musings and doubt, and headed back towards his thunderhawk. He did not have time for such things, not when there yet remained more to be done. It was not about surviving this Crusade he was on. It was about doing his duty to the Emperor, in as great a magnitude as he could manage. To save what he could, save who he could, destroy what he could, and kill who he could. Already, one of his two progenoid glands had been destroyed by what nearly killed him, leaving but one left in his body. It was, he felt, a sign of what was going to come to him eventually. But he would not simply let it happen, no. He would fight, and yes, die, but he would not wait for it to happen. He was an Angel of Death, a space marine, and he would find that death in service to Mankind, as the Emperor intended. Not for glory. Or honor. But because it was right, and it was good, and it needed to be done. <br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">The years stretched on, caked in the blood of heroes and monsters alike. Tales of the <i>Retribution</i> would spread as well, as a hundred, hundred more stories would across the 13th Black Crusade and beyond. But such on occasion, of Blood Ravens and Salamanders and Raptors, was one of the somewhat more notable than average. A dozen more daring rescues here, another lighting insertion and assassination against a commander there. At other times they would come as much needed defenders, only to depart once the battle was complete even if only temporarily. Other times...they came too late, and could only pay their respects to a blasted landscape, a slain regiment, a broken fortress. It is impossible to know which occurred more. In the end, it did not matter.<br/>
<br/>
The 13th Black Crusade ground on.​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>