<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>A Meeting in Middenheim 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>A Meeting in Middenheim 1</h2>
It is well known that Ulric does not approve of magic, but it is equally true that Ulric does not approve of gunpowder, and yet Middenheim bristles with cannon. In the South of the Empire, Ulric is often seen as a primitive and backwards God, but mainstream Ulrican belief is that Ulric's first commandment is survival. All His other virtues - self-reliance, bravery, honour, honesty - are second to surviving the war and weathering the Winter. So apart from a few extremists in the woods, the Cult of Ulric is capable of negotiation, compromise, and coexistence. Despite Algard's concern, the Ar-Ulric is no more hostile to the Colleges of Magic than he is to the Gunnery School of Nuln.

You remind yourself of this as you approach Middenheim, the very heart of the Ar-Ulric's power. You've had a fair bit of experience with mountain fortresses in your career, from Castle Drakenhof which was built atop a mountain, to the various Karaks you've visited that are built within them. In contrast to all of them, Middenheim is built into the mountain of Ulricsburg to the extent that the two names are interchangeable, with towers and crenellations stretching far into the sky until they abruptly cut off at the flattened peak. Legend has it that Taal gifted the mountain to Ulric, who hammered the top of it flat with His fist for reasons known only to Him. He then lead the Teutogens to it, who built their city in it (with no small amount of assistance from a neighbouring Dwarven clan) and discovered on the flattened peak a still-burning fire caused by Ulric's fist, which supposedly continues to burn to this day as the Sacred Flame of Ulric.

You make your winding way upwards, slightly reassured that most of the looks you get are admiring ones directed at Wolf, rather than distrustful ones directed at yourself. You pay a brief visit to Lady Magister Stanisława Skłodowicz of the Gold Order, the High Wizard of Middenheim, both out of politeness and to make your visit official and visible. She feigns interest in your adventures among the Dwarves, and you feign interest in her latest concoctions, decoctions and recoctions in her search for the Universal Solvent. Etiquette properly assuaged, you bid her farewell and climb the final stretch to the very peak.

Being the only horizontal part of the city in the open air, every part of the peak of Ulricsburg not dominated by the Great Temple of Ulric or the Graf's Middenpalaz is in great demand, and densely-packed buildings stretch even higher into the thinning air. When you finally emerge from the claustrophobic streets of the most cramped noble district you've ever encountered, you finally set eyes on the Great Temple, a vast structure made of bare stone and a formidable fortification in its own right, the only decoration being a wolf's head carved above the main entrance. Ulrican services are an every-now-and-then affair, rather than taking place every Festag like Sigmarite ones, but many Ulricans regularly consult with their priest for advice over personal matters and self-improvement. Because of this there's a constant flow in and out of the great entrance that you join, and as you do you carefully avoid making eye contact with the White Wolves standing guard.

Your understanding is that the Winter Wolves were a sort of sect or sub-order within the White Wolves, consisting of those who had taken a Giant Wolf as a mount-slash-partner, never quite given official recognition but long enshrined in unofficial tradition. They formed the core of the not-quite-a-schism against the leadership of the Cult of Ulric, and took the name with them when they left. Very obviously a rebuke, but as no such organization officially existed, it was not quite a rebellion. A line that Sir Ruprecht has been very careful to stay on the right side of.

You have a quiet word with the first priestly-looking fellow you cross paths with, who hurries ahead to pass on word as you emerge into the courtyard, where only the pulpit and the Sacred Flame itself mark this as the gathering place for the faithful, who must stand exposed to the elements instead of sitting under a roof when they hear the word of their God. It's much easier to avoid the eye of the White Wolves here because the Sacred Flame captures your attention at once, and not just because of it somehow radiating mundane heat and Divine cold at the same time. This was a point where history was made, the Empire was saved, and the very existence of the Colleges was made possible.

179 years ago, a time when Sigmarites and Ulricans were denouncing each other as heretics and Chaos cultists, Magnus of Nuln was fresh from his victory over the Tzeentchian Magi and seeking an alliance with Middenheim to fight against the Everchosen Asavar Kul. He disguised himself and slipped into Middenheim and this Temple, where Ar-Ulric Kriestov was in the middle of denouncing him specifically. Magnus threw off his disguise, said 'if I am a blasphemer, then the Fire of Ulric will surely consume me,' and walked into the Sacred Flame and stood there unharmed as he stared down the Ar-Ulric. In the immediate term it meant an  alliance with Middenheim, but after the victory against the Everchosen and his being crowned Emperor, him having stood unharmed in the Sacred Flame of Ulric meant that he could do what was then unthinkable - legalize magic.

"Dame and Magister Weber," comes a voice that is not quite booming, but contains the indication that booming is a possibility, and you turn to face the approaching figure. As you take him in, you also note that filing discreetly into the courtyard is an even score of White Wolves, reinforcing the handful of attendants that the Sacred Flame always has. You bow, and the figure returns it with a very slight bend at the waist that would be a deadly insult from an equal but is quite welcoming from an Elector of the Empire, and as he turns his attention to Wolf you take the opportunity to size up the Ar-Ulric.

He is Ar-Ulric Carl Valgeir, a wiry and greying man in his forties who is reputed to be as politically wily as he is pious. His family has deep ties to some of the most influential noble families in Middenland, and according to information passed along by the Grey College, he has an extremely complicated relationship with Graf Boris X Todbringer, the Elector Count of Middenland, who in the internal matters of Middenland is his biggest rival, but in external matters of the Empire is his closest ally. The touch of the Divine is obvious on him, though you can't tell if it is him personally or the regalia of his office: the Hammer-Axe of Skoll on his belt, and the Wolfplate visible under his robes.

"Interesting," he says at last, turning his gaze from the cocked head of a slightly uncomfortable Wolf. "All wolves are born of Ulric, but not all die of Ulric. This is perhaps the least bad reason for that, amongst a great many very bad reasons. Does he retain the nature of a wolf?"

"When it suits him," you reply cautiously.

He whistles, and after a few moments a side door swings open and another wolf stands framed in the doorway, before being knocked into the courtyard by two additional and equally inquisitive wolves who didn't stop. The first wolf turns and throws itself at one of the other two, and the nearest White Wolves edge away as the three devolve into a yipping and biting tumult that if it weren't for being able to borrow Wolf's instincts, you'd think was a fight to the death. Wolf cautiously advances, and the disagreement comes to a halt as he nears, and there's a few tense moments before they relax slightly and then it's a matter of a great deal of sniffing and licking of teeth.

"Very well," he says. "Let us speak as one faithful to another."

"As you say," is your very careful reply, and the Ar-Ulric purses his lips and closes his eyes for a moment.

"I wish to speak first of those that have left the pack," he says at last, turning to look at the Sacred Flame.

You mirror his turning, though you keep looking sideways at him. "I cannot speak for them, but I have worked with them and spoken with their leader."

"He always was headstrong," he grumbles. "But I might have done similar, when I was his age. Tell him that it is not in doubt that he and his continue to serve Ulric."

Externally, you nod in assent, and murmur "I will pass on your words." Internally, your mind whirs. This is far too mild a response to someone flirting with schism. No matter his theological beliefs, the politician in him must recognize the precedent he's failing to punish here, that he's acknowledging that one can serve Ulric while splitting off from the Cult of Ulric. There must be...

Oh. Oh. But why wouldn't Algard already know?

...well, how could he know? A lot of people know what you know - everyone in Karak Eight Peaks, and then some - which is why you never thought to pass it on. But none are part of the intelligence apparatus, are they?

You keep the bland look on your face as you pen a mental report to Algard and the Ar-Ulric changes the subject. "Second of all," he says, "have you heard of the recent converts to Ulric?"

"The Eonir," you confirm.

"Thank Ulric, someone that doesn't say 'Wood Elf'. I've spent more time than I like educating my congregation on the difference between our new allies and those infernal tree cultists in Bretonnia. As the politics are messy right now, they've asked me to set up a meeting rather than go through official channels."

"With who?" you ask, frowning. Surely not the Dwarves?

"With yourself."

"Very well," you say evenly. Keeping a bland look on your face while you internally process your shock is Apprentice-level stuff for Grey Wizards. "When would be agreeable?"

"Now suits them," he says. "They're in the Garten. They say you'll be able to find your way in. Leave your companion here, they get stroppy about the small fluffy things being chased."

---

Known to locals as the Garten, the Great Park of Middenheim is a sprawling piece of artificial nature in varying gradients, from the carefully monitored precision of the orchards and hothouses to the artfully wild-looking glade that is only slightly spoiled by scattered benches, topiaries and gazebos. Your Magesight instantly spots what you're looking for, and though magically it's a very neat piece of work, you suspect that it won't be long before a groundskeeper with a theodolite spots something amiss and the Ducal Arborist starts raising a fuss at a portion of the Park having been folded neatly out of the mundane dimensions.

Unlike the defences of the Colleges, no attempt has been made to obscure the nature of these magics and you're quickly able to deduce the right trees to walk between, and you find yourself in a fold of tamed forest that you suspect would make Panoramia's jaw drop. Every tree is lush and green and evenly spaced from its neighbours without any pattern in their layout being obvious, the foliage abounds with twittering birds and chattering critters, and from no apparent direction, the sound of a brook burbling cheerily underscores the scene. It is, you suspect, very deliberately designed to be what one might imagine if asked to picture a Wood Elf that was the complete opposite of the Asrai.

Sitting in a low tree fork and smiling mischievously at the hummingbird investigating the flower in her hair is an Elf, and you very quickly have some uncharitable ideas as to how this unorthodox alliance might have been possible, as the neckline of her light green dress dips as low as the side slits climb high, and her bare feet don't so much hint as they do shout that the dress could be the only garment upon her person. But even as your mundane senses pass judgement, your magical senses tell a very different story - at first you thought her invisible to them, but then you realized that the physical being before you is merely the anchorpoint of a soul that fills the dimensional pocket more thoroughly than the air around you, interwoven in every tree and beast and blade of grass, and the only place she isn't is in a polite distance around your person.

"I," she says, her gaze turning to you, "am Vicereine Cadaeth of what you may know as Oldenlitz, Ambassador to Middenheim on behalf of the Eonir and of Laurelorn."
  </body>
</html>