<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Post-Expedition Interlude, Part 3</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Post-Expedition Interlude, Part 3</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally

[*] Laurelorn



Over the years, combing and braiding your hair in the morning has become part of your daily rituals, a meditative focus that works better for you than any number of more formal methods and mantras. You've recently learned that having someone else do it for you is drastically less good at gathering your focus, but as a trade-off is astoundingly better at putting you in a calm and relaxed state of mind.

"There's a lot of rumours floating around about the Karak Vlag business," Panoramia says as she runs the brush through your hair.

"Oh?" you murmur, doing your best to focus on her words instead of the hypnotic quality of her voice, which still contains a trace of half-asleep huskiness.

"One of the most common elements is that they're saying you succeeded where Teclis failed. I know you're very Windsight-oriented, but I didn't realize it was to that extent."

"Oh, I've no doubt Teclis could run circles around me in every Arcane discipline, including Windsight," you say with a smile. "But when he visited High Pass, it was in the direct aftermath of an expansion of the Chaos Wastes, and it was a path that had recently been trodden by an Everchosen and his partly-daemonic hordes. I doubt any mortal being could have spotted the trace of Karak Vlag under those circumstances."

"Ah. Still, it's a very big deal..."

"Oh, absolutely. Just because I don't think I'm the only one who could have done it doesn't mean I won't take the credit for being the one that actually did. They've sent a few letters through the Karaz-a-Karak notables that are trying to coax them out. Once they're fully convinced that all this is all real, there's little they wouldn't do to repay what they see as their saviour." You lift a hand to touch Ranald's Coin through your nightshirt. The letters from Karak Vlag made it quite clear that Ranald's Protector aspect had somehow informed them that you were responsible for their return to reality, and the complete certainty they apparently had in that was frankly disconcerting. Sometimes you need to remind yourself that Ranald is no less a major God than any of the Old World pantheon.

"Going to bring them in on this Waystone thing?" she asks.

"I'm thinking about it. There's other debts I could call in - from here, of course, but also a couple from back in the Empire, one from business in Sylvania and another from the War Below. And from the Karaz-a-Karak Metalsmiths Guild from the Monitor rescue."

There's an extended silence from Panoramia. "I looked up that spell you used on the sunken Monitor in your library. Substance of Shadow? There was an entire chapter on how it can go wrong."

You wince. "It's a finicky and temperamental spell, yes. But it was risking one life to save, what was it... three hundred and twelve. I couldn't not."

She squeezes your shoulder, and you place your hand atop hers. You sit like that for a long moment before the brushing resumes.

"So, Waystones," she says, and you untense as the topic is firmly changed back. "You think you can get anywhere with it?"

"I know that wiser and more experienced Wizards have taken their best swing at the topic, but all of them were working within the Colleges. The Dwarves and the Elves each have their own pieces of the puzzle, and I don't think anyone in the Colleges have ever been in a better position to bring both together."

"Mmm," she hums in agreement. "There's..." she hesitates. "Well, I..."

"Jade secrets?" you guess, to a silence that speaks volumes. "And if there were, you wouldn't be able to confirm or deny their existence?"

"And I wouldn't be able to confirm or deny if I was able to confirm or deny," she says with a forced laugh.

"I won't put you on the spot. If I try to bring the Jades aboard, it'll be through official channels. I've got a feeling that if I dig deep enough I'll find pieces in all of the precursors to the Colleges."

"I know the Shamans know more than they let on," she says thoughtfully.

"Hinting that you know more than you let on is the favourite pastime of the Colleges," you say with a smile.

---

As you look over the fields of the Karak from your balcony as sunlight creeps over them, you consider the matter further. The Expedition itself is still never far from your thoughts as you continue to process it. There's still a sense of lingering frustration that you never got to the bottom of the Karag Dum mystery, but the rescue of Karak Vlag makes it impossible to consider the Expedition as a whole any type of failure. There's a lot of different lessons that could be taken away from the entire business, but you have to assign a great deal of the credit to diplomatic matters, which is possibly your weakest area. There are countless ways to divide up the Expedition - four intelligent species, eight types of magic users, five religious orders, seven different polities, and that's just off the top of your head - and success relied on the cooperation between these very different groups. And you're at least part of the reason that it all worked. That, more than anything else, is what your mind comes back to as you go over the journey.

Mathilde will decide on two major themes to take away from the Expedition as a whole: one diplomatic, and one not. Vote for as many as you like from the list below, and one from each with the most votes will win. The exact mechanical effects will be revealed only for the winners.


Strengthened Diplomatic Abilities:

[ ] DIPLO: Collegiate
How independent the Colleges are from each other depends a great deal on your perspective. There can be a lot of value in bridging those gaps.

[ ] DIPLO: Dawri
You've lived along Dwarves for long enough that your Wizard robes and Arcane Marks are often the only things preventing you from being mistaken for one. But you could immerse yourself even deeper in Dwarven culture and become able to navigate it like a native.

[ ] DIPLO: Draconic Fascination
You've only really spent time with two Dragons, but both have been thoroughly fascinating individuals.

[ ] DIPLO: Interfaith Dialogue
Ranald isn't the most accepted of Gods, but you're growing adept at finding common ground with the other faiths of the Old World.

[ ] DIPLO: Knight
You bear the title of Knight, and you've worked alongside Knightly Orders multiple times now.

[ ] DIPLO: Mentor
Though you've never taken an Apprentice of your own, you have spent quite a bit of time taking less-experienced Wizards under your wing.

[ ] DIPLO: Polyglot
If you had been unable to use Khazalid as a bridging language, there were many encounters that could have gone quite badly. There's a great deal of potential benefits to further expanding your linguistic lexicon.

[ ] DIPLO: Trucemaker
Sometimes the best battle is one you never fight. Every life not spent fighting lesser evils can be turned against the greater ones.


Other Lessons Learned:

[ ] LESSON: Cartographer
Being able to explore, record, and subsequently navigate unfriendly territory is an incredibly useful and often underrated skill.

[ ] LESSON: Dhar Insight
You've seen Daemons, the Chaos Wastes, the Windfall. You're reaching as thorough an understanding of the fel energies of Dark Magic as can be attained without actually wielding them.

[ ] LESSON: Leader
Despite not seeking it, once more you found yourself in military command. Perhaps this tendency is something to be embraced.

[ ] LESSON: Light Fingers
It's not theft, it's espionage. The enemies of the Empire and the Karaz Ankor have all sorts of interesting and portable items that would do a lot of good in friendly hands, from supplies to devices to paperwork.

[ ] LESSON: Logistician
Warriors win battles, logistics wins wars. Being able to get what you need to where you need it is halfway to victory.

[ ] LESSON: Mystic
Some mysteries should be embraced, rather than unravelled. You might not fully understand the Gods this way, but you are much more likely to get along with Them.

[ ] LESSON: Poker Face
Acting like you always know what's going on has gone from a source of personal amusement to a vital diplomatic first line of defence.

[ ] LESSON: Syncretic
Ranald will likely always be your primary God, but you are branching out into a healthy and respectful understanding of some of the other Gods of the Old World, both human and Dwarven.

[ ] LESSON: Theologian
You have a breadth of experience with the Divine that would put many Priests to shame, and are starting to build tentative overarching theories of the Divine that many might consider heretical.


- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- No, there is no Windsight trait. As Windherder taught us, it gets treated as an autopick even when it's a sidegrade, and Mathilde is already near the peak of what is considered possible.
- Similarly, there is no 'chain casting' trait. I'm considering introducing a mechanic where it can be learned individually for each spell, but it will always retain some danger and the most sensible path will almost always be to find another way to do whatever needs doing.
- Deed / Boon Expenditure is pencilled in for the next update.
- 'four intelligent species, eight types of magic users, five religious orders, seven different polities' - Human / Dwarf / Elf / Dragon, seven Colleges plus Ljiljana, Morgrim / Grimnir / Ulric / Taal / Ancient Widow, Empire / Kislev / Ulrikadrin / Karak Eight Peaks / Karak Kadrin / Zhufbar / Karak Vlag (sort of, via the Rangers of High Pass).
- Yes, wrapping up the Expedition while also setting up the next project has been a bit of a mess. While it would be preferable to have it neater, it also feels 'real' to have it be a bit of a mess as Mathilde closes one chapter of her life at the same time as trying to open the next.
- Say hello to the new avatar, courtesy of the Eonir of Laurelorn (via Total Warhammer).
- For the record, anyone wanting to Trucemake between Elves and Dwarves is four thousand and eighty-five years late. That war ended with the death of Caledor II.
  </body>
</html>