<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27 - 2483 - Paving with Good Intentions</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27 - 2483 - Paving with Good Intentions</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] [LIBRARY] Rune Magic (Imperial Extensive), Powerstones (Imperial Extensive), Waystones and Henges (Dwarf Antiquarian)
[*] [COLLEGE] Ulgu Powerstone (5 Favour), A Collar for Wolf with a move enchantment (2 Favour)
[*] [DWARF] No purchase.
[*] [PURCHASE] No purchase.



You put in a pair of relatively straightforward commissions: one for a collar enchanted with the Move cantrip for Wolf, and another for a single piece of Crystal Mist, the Power Stone of Ulgu. The latter might come in handy for your future experiments with Aethyric Vitae, and assuming said experiments don't go terribly wrong, it would remain usable for enchantment afterwards.

---

"As most of you would be aware," King Belegar says as the seven of you climb the spiralling central staircase of Karag Lhune, "the Okral have not integrated well, despite our best efforts at extending hospitality." The undercurrent of hostility in his voice is well-concealed, but definitely there if you're looking for it.

"I've had them build barracks near each of their main job sites just to cut down on clashes with locals," Prince Kazrik says gloomily. "They expected to take over their respective guilds here for the duration of their stay, and those guilds don't appreciate it."

"Some of their lineages rival those of the eldest Clans of Karaz-a-Karak, they'll not be disrespected by outsiders," King Belegar says firmly. "Tell me of the Masons first."

"Clan Stoneback, returned originals, and Clan Ikrokri, formerly of Karak Izor," Dreng says. "The Stonebacks worked throughout the Grey and Black Mountains, and have strong ties to the Younger Holds. So it's an old irritation that the Okral are making worse. I've moved the Durokral off the defences and onto the other tasks. It is our blood that will be spilled on those defences, so it should be our picks and hammers that shape it."

"What are the Durokral doing now, then?"

"Restoring Karags Rhyn and Mhonar."

King Belegar doesn't look happy, but after a moment of relative silence broken by the footsteps as you climb upwards, he lets it pass. "And the mapping?"

"We're focusing on the upper levels for now, how the original passages have changed and been added to. If need be the deeper sections could be cut off, but we need to know the upper levels to defend them. We should have begun pushing deeper before mid-year."

"Very well. Prince Gotri, the Endrinokral?"

"They've declared that they can't work on Gyrocopters without breaching Guild Secrets of the Engineers Guild of Karaz-a-Karak," he says bitterly, "which is a ridiculous insult, considering that they wouldn't be able to build one in the first place without the knowledge of the Engineers Guild of Zhufbar. So I've put them to work on components and," he waves a hand upwards, "this elevator, which even in their arrogance they can't declare Guild Secrets."

King Belegar sighs. "Princess Edda?"

"The gears are turning. The Norgrimlings and Ironbacks are hard at work in the the Barrows while the Grungokral have been working on Flamestone Mine, so there's been no clashes, and we've not any smelting clans so the Azulokral don't have any beards to tug."

"Makes for a nice change, though I'd rather the Okral could get along, rather than need to operate alone. Very well. Gunnars, how goes your work in Mhonar?"

"The Azulokral is providing the expertise and the proper rites, but we'll need to attract a proper smelting Clan or at least a few priests once they leave. Apart from that, I'm happy with the pace of progress."

King Belegar nods in response to that, and after a few moments of silence a grumbling conversation picks up between Dreng, the Princes and the Princess about handling the Okral which consumes the remainder of your climb. The elevator you finally arrive at is certainly impressive, being large and strong enough for six gyrocopters or a full score of cannon in a single trip, but if it weren't for your ability to magically reinforce your muscles, you'd have a lot more objections to climbing all the way up a mountain just to ride an elevator back down again. The other Councillors seem to be used to you not always being called upon in these meetings, and you take that you aren't taken aside for a one-on-one meeting with Belegar as approval to continue.

---


Mandatory Actions: Pick one from each category.

Journeyman Maximilian de Gaynesford, Gold Wizard
[ ] MAX: Allow him to spend all his time on his metalworking studies.
[ ] MAX: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] MAX: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Write a paper: specify which.
[ ] MAX: Receive dictation: specify which. Must be taken with a 'dictate' action.

Magister Johann, Gold Wizard
[ ] JOHANN: Have him teach Adela what he knows of engineering.
[ ] JOHANN: Allow him to take it easy until his eyes recover enough for a second attempt at Gilding. (NEW)
[ ] JOHANN: Attempt to take advantage of his temporarily blindness to improve his Windsight. (NEW)
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a skill: specify what from who. You may pay for a trainer.
[ ] JOHANN: Learn a spell: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Study an artefact: specify which.
[ ] JOHANN: Write a paper: specify which.

Wizards of Karak Eight Peaks
[ ] DUCK: Work with Panoramia for her to finally get around to investigating the greenskin mushrooms she found.
[ ] DUCK: Panoramia's about ready to test for Magister, but she's putting it off because she doesn't have a lot of free time to prepare. Work with her to help make the most of every spare minute.
[ ] DUCK: Help Johann train his rat-wolf children.
[ ] DUCK: Spend time with Hubert in an attempt to find him a purpose. (NEW)
[ ] DUCK: When Gretel makes her foray into being a mercenary, go with her to supervise and, if necessary, intervene. (NEW)
[ ] DUCK: Each of your three ducklings can fight in melee. Spar with them, and teach them what you can.
[ ] DUCK: Magical target-shooting is rough on normal targets. Set up a specialized target range for your ducklings, and for any other wizards at Eight Peaks.


The Eastern Imperial Company
Your outstanding debt: 275 crowns
Your share of EIC profits: 175 crowns / turn
Current Focus of the EIC: Handgun Factory in Blutdorf (Rollout to Army of Stirland)
[ ] Found an auditors division, to make sure the ledgers are in order.
[ ] Start hiring handlers who can then start hiring informers and begin to collect non-public information.
[ ] Reach out to Julia to find out if she's interested in being poached or passing on information.
[ ] Reach out to Roswita, and have the EIC start passing on tips about any tax evasion or other naughtiness by the EIC's rivals.
[ ] Start building a paramilitary river navy to ensure the coming trade explosion doesn't lead to a similar explosion in riverine banditry.
[ ] Sell some of the Grand Urbaz Bank coins to collectors and museums on King Belegar's behalf.
[ ] Bring in a Perpetual Apprentice to start grooming as a handler for intelligence matters of the EIC. (1 favour/turn)
[ ] Look outside the Colleges for a candidate to start grooming as a handler for intelligence matters of the EIC.
[ ] Integrate the Gong Farmers and the Niter Factory into the EIC, and expand production. (NEW)


Personal Actions: you have four actions you can apply without engaging in overwork.
Current overwork status: [+] [  ] [  ]
Each box will be filled by one action of overwork, and will take the two turns after that to fade as you recover. The first box incurs no penalty. The second will give a -10 penalty to all actions during the first turn of recovery. The third will  give a -20 penalty to all actions on both turns of recovery. 
Overwork incurs no penalties on the turns taken, only on the turns recovering from it. You can take as many actions of overwork as you have unfilled boxes.
When you use overwork it fills the left-most empty box, so [-][ ][ ] becomes [-][+][ ], not [+][-][ ]. All boxes recover in parallel and independent from one another, but second and third apply maluses on your actions during that cooldown period.


Current Task: Queekish
[ ] Use King Belegar's pull to bring in some linguistics experts from the Empire's universities, though after proper vetting and swearing them to silence.
[ ] Despite him considering it treasonous, push Qrech to share the Moulder dialect of Queekish. (NEW)
[ ] Despite him considering it blasphemous, push Qrech to share High Queekish. (NEW)

Qrech Gambits (can be taken for free alongside pushing him for additional dialects or 'ask an acquaintance to train you' action targeting Qrech):
[ ] Convince Qrech that you seek an arrangement with Clan Moulder, and that you will release him as an ambassador for that arrangement once you are satisfied he'll cooperate.
[ ] Convince Qrech that the Under-Empire has no way of knowing he's even alive, and that he should prioritize the comfort with which he will live the rest of his life.
[ ] Convince Qrech you're ambitious and loyal only to yourself, and you're willing to repay his cooperation in ways that will benefit the Under-Empire.
[ ] Other (write in)

Self-Improvement:
[ ] Ask an acquaintance to train you in a skill: specify who and what.
[ ] Attempt to learn a spell from scrolls (specify which, will be harder than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Hire a trainer to come to Eight Peaks and teach you: specify what. (costs favours for Dwarf trainers, money for human ones)
[ ] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there. (1 College Favour per class; 100gc can be paid instead for non-magical classes)
[ ] Attempt to learn Battle Magic at the Grey College. (1 College Favour per attempt)
[ ] Gain enough control of your unruly shadow to still it temporarily.
[ ] Gain enough control of your attraction to smoke and gases to have it collect away from your face.
[ ] Try to see through Pall of Darkness with your improved magical senses.
[ ] Practice shooting while invisible. (applies to Substance of Shadow and Invisibility)
[ ] Branulhune's ability to disappear and reappear at a thought allows entirely new forms of combat. Try to create them.
[ ] Have one of Prince Gotri's pilots teach you to fly a gyrocopter.

Research and Publishing:
[ ] Study an artefact: select which.
[ ] Write a paper: select which.
Once per turn, you can write a paper without spending an action thanks to your Tower of Serenity.
[ ] Dictate papers: select which two, must be taken with Max's 'receive dictation'.
[ ] Investigate how the We communicates with... itself?
[ ] Investigate the possibility of using one Wind to directly manipulate another.
[ ] The Second Secret of Dhar teaches how to collapse it upon itself. Practice upon local Dhar taint, and very cautiously see if this works with Warpstone.
[ ] Try to establish a relationship with the Cult of Verena, with the intent of offering them access to your rarer tomes in exchange for copies of some of their own.
[ ] Record all the entries of the Grand Urbaz vaults and select a good-quality example of each minting to save from the smelters.

Aethyric Vitae (20 gallons):
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to Dwarven magic-dampening Runes. (2 Dwarf favours)
[ ] Attempt to interest a prominent and knowledgeable Runesmiths in the interaction between Runes and Vitae. (will start at the top and work your way down)
[ ] Attempt to interest a young Runesmith with ambition and flexibility in the interaction between Runes and Vitae. (will give a selection of candidates)  (NEW)
[ ] Call in favours to get a specific Runesmith to examine the interaction between Runes and Vitae with you.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts with Divine Magic.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to a power stone.
[ ] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to being subjected to power stone creation methods.
[ ] Using the secrets you already know of the Vitae, attempt to weaponize it. (NEW-ish)

Enchantment and Spell Creation:
[ ] Enchant an item with a Moderately Complicated or easier spell (specify what and which)
[ ] Attempt to deepen your skill with Enchantment (will be more difficult than studying it at the Grey College)
[ ] Attempt to create a spell (see Approved Spells threadmark)

Karag Nar Penthouse: each turn, you get ONE free choice in this category. Additional selections cost actions.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have additional rooms excavated underneath your Penthouse: -125gc for 5 rooms.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Your dungeon was built with a reasonable amount of paranoia. Apply an unreasonable amount of paranoia.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Add security measures to your Penthouse to prevent forcible entry.
[ ] PENTHOUSE: Have firing platforms built around the Penthouse so that it can be defended from flyers or climbers without granting access to it.
Setting up rooms for specific purposes will have to wait until new rooms are constructed or excavated. Only one construction or excavation can take place at a time, but you can do one of each.
Building downwards will increase by 1 each time; second set of excavated rooms will be 3 rooms, third will be 4, and so on.
Building upwards can be added upon; towers can be added on to or additional towers can be built. The distinction between the two is entirely cosmetic.

Foreign Relations:
[ ] Join the war between Stirland and the vampires in northern Sylvania.

Personal Relations:
[ ] Spend time assisting with a fellow councillor's task: specify who and how.
[ ] Spend time investigating a character without their knowledge: specify who.
[ ] Wolf is fully grown, very smart, and a Very Good Boy. Train him further. (specify what he will be taught) (NEW-ish)
[ ] Wolf is fully grown and very magical. Deepen your familiar bond. (may unlock a new familiar ability; risks obsession)


Ranald's Coin - specify which face it will be set to
[ ] The Gambler: specify an action this will apply to.
A +20 bonus to up to two dice rolls resulting from a single chosen action.
[ ] The Night Prowler
As long as you are outside of private property and within a town or city, nobody will question your presence and nobody will be able to find you if you do not wish them to.
[ ] The Deceiver: specify how this will be used.
Lies you have developed beforehand will be delivered perfectly. The listener may believe you to be mistaken, but they will never believe that you are lying. Cannot be used to tell truths.
[ ] The Protector
When you act in a way that defends an individual or group from a danger that you did not cause, they will become aware of what you have done and will believe you acted selflessly in doing so.



Spoiler: Artefacts to be studied



Ranald's Coin
Vampire skulls

Preserved bodies of the Rat Mothers of Clan Mors.

Eshin:
Throwing star, still dripping venom.
Eshin Sorcerer crystal sword.
Eshin Sorcerer amulet, shattered.

Moulder:
Book on the Anatomy of Chaos Dwarves, partially translated.
Electric whip, stolen from Clan Moulder.
Vials, stolen from Clan Moulder.
Captured Clan Moulder devices (as yet uninspected)

Skryre:
Firearms; jezzails, pistols, bullets, gunpowder.
Warp Lightning Cannon (misfired, possibly broken)
Lighting mechanism, stolen from Clan Skryre. (shared project with Adela)
Breathing apparatus, stolen from Clan Skryre. (shared project with Johann)
Brass orb, stolen from Clan Skryre.





Spoiler: Papers to be written



Note: Fresh and Refreshed papers confer a +10 bonus; faded ones a -10 malus.
Papers get one step less 'fresh' each turn: Fresh; Fading; Mostly Faded: Faded. Only the first and last have an effect on the diceroll.

Ratling Gun mechanism and countermeasures (FRESH) (can be written by Johann)
Brief observations on Eshin Sorcery (FADING)

Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition. (FADED)
The Black Orc Warboss' worship of Only Gork, and what you saw of the Rogue Idol ritual. (FADED)
The physiology and venom of the We. (FADED)
The psychology and social structure of the We. (FADED)

Preliminary paper on Aethyric Vitae. (TIMELESS)
Insight on Skaven tactics and strategy, acquired from the Liber Mortis but justified by your current encounters (TIMELESS)
Basic Written Queekish: grammar, signs, common words (TIMELESS)
Low Queekish, the common tongue of the Skaven (TIMELESS)
Military lexicon of written Queekish (TIMELESS)
Medical lexicon of written Queekish (TIMELESS)
Technical lexicon of written Queekish (TIMELESS)

You can literally write the book on a topic for the same amount of effort as two papers; this can be split over multiple turns. You don't need to have all the pieces to do so, but it would be more efficient and impressive if you did.
The We (missing: communication method)
Queekish-Khazalid Dictionary, including spoken Low Queekish
Queekish-Reikspiel Dictionary, including spoken Low Queekish





- Votes will be in plan format; there is a four hour moratorium.
- As always, suggestions for new additions to the list are welcome.
  </body>
</html>