<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Ten)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Ten)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Follow Adrastia’s Plan: If it works, it works. It may be the only chance there is to actually win this fight rather than get bogged down beneath the unfeeling legions of Dark Mechanicus skitarii and hereteks.<br/>
-[] Epistolary Lucan concentrates on healing the wounded, a squad of regular Blood Ravens, Damion Tyrin, and Justinius Probalis join Adrastia under command of Kaius Jacobus, while the Terminators, the Dreadnoughts, the remainder of the Librarius, and the command squad including Captain Tarkus remain with the Guard.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b><br/>​</div><br/>
“We shall hold the line here,” Tarkus said grimly, getting a solemn nod from Adrastia in return. “However, some of the Blood Ravens shall accompany you, if you would have them Inquisitor.”<br/>
<br/>
“I would welcome the aid,” the Inquisitor nodded, eyebrow raised. “Who did you have in mind?”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus turned away and glanced at the pittance of the remaining Blood Ravens before him. Most were looking at him, having been listening in even though they were surrounded by the hastily deploying forces of the Imperial Guard in all their cacophony. Sergeant Stromahn and his tactical terminator brethren were not. They would not be fast enough, and they knew it. Instead, the heavily armored veterans of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company were gathering their weapons and ammo amongst themselves and waiting for further orders of deployment. Instead, Tarkus glanced amongst the marines remaining. Two squads, one at half strength. Others of his command squad were present as well, and they too looked to him.<br/>
<br/>
“Kaius,” Tarkus said, causing the quiet champion of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to blink. “You’ll have command of the detachment I’m sending with the Inquisitor. Sergeant Graham, you and your squad will be accompanying him.”<br/>
<br/>
Sergeant Graham had been recruited from Meridian, but as proven by Thaddeus and the many recruits they’d gathered from that planet since, the crucible of the Aurelian Crusades had hardened its populace considerably form the indolence that they had fallen into under the accursed House Vandis. More importantly, he had managed to keep his entire squad combat functional with minimal to no injuries during the carnage in orbit. The sergeant did not hesitate, did not question, merely marched over to Adrastia’s side, falling into formation behind Kaius who had managed to get there first without anyone noticing.<br/>
<br/>
“Damion. You and the Chief Librarian shall go as well.”<br/>
<br/>
Another pair of nods, but this time Adrastia looked mildly shocked.<br/>
<br/>
“Are you sure, Captain? Without them-,”<br/>
<br/>
“I choose to have faith in the strength of Meridian,” Tarkus nodded gravely. “And should your mission fail, this will all be for naught regardless, correct?”<br/>
<br/>
Adrastia’s head drew back before she nodded.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. I assume all of you can environmentally seal your suits,” she directed this towards the Blood Ravens. “The readings we’re getting from the ruins of the forge-hive are…quite toxic.”<br/>
<br/>
“We shall endure,” Justinius promised.<br/>
<br/>
“Let us move out, then. Time is of the essence.”<br/>
<br/>
Indeed it was. With those simple words, the entire group began moving at what was a loping run for the humans and a slow jog for the space marines, directly towards the waiting crater. In the meantime, there were preparations to be made, heavy weapons teams to be built up, and so on. As for the Blood Ravens, they prepared for the tide as best they could. There would be no point in tightly concentrating their forces, they were far too few for even that to matter much. The mass of the enemy would not be distracted by a single tantalizing point of Astartes. Instead, all Blood Ravens present took up the heavy weapons that they could, more than enough to go around after the casualties they’d taken and became semi-mobile hardpoints.<br/>
<br/>
“HERE THEY COME!” a Guardsman yelled a startlingly short time later.<br/>
<br/>
Guns began pounding immediately. Basilisks not even finished rolling down the ramps paused, turned, and began firing. The longest ranged weapons on the Baneblades boomed, and the crack of longlas rifles began snapping out. Tarkus glanced to the direct west, in the dusty trails left behind by the Inquisitor’s rapidly moving party and quietly murmured a litany of faith and zeal in their name. The horde approaching from either side of the crater towards them was voluminous indeed, and the anti-air vehicles that the Guard had brought with them were already busy. This distant from the rest of the void shields, however, the envelope of the anti-orbitals was not so thick as to utterly prevent any firing whatsoever from the ships high above. Tarkus felt the slightest of smiles make its way across his face, though none saw it because of the helmet, as he heard the familiar whine followed by titanic boom as a bombardment shell landed amongst the enemy cybernetic daemon-machine hordes, one fired with a clever shot from one of the strike cruisers.<br/>
<br/>
As for himself, the Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company hefted the two plasma cannons he’d requisitioned, their power and cooling packs left behind him while remaining connected with their cabling, testing the weight of them on his shoulders.<br/>
<br/>
“May none find us wanting,” he growled as the first four legged monstrosities belched out of the madness of the Dark Mechanicus came into range.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================​</div><br/>
The planet Cordelia was half-eaten already, but that did not stop the Ebon Claws, nor the Blood Ravens. Warp bombs and heavy munitions had helped prune back the feeding tendrils from their sites on the planet, engulfing whole swathes of the former civilized world in magmatic destruction. Less than a third of the planet’s former population still lived, holed up on the heavily fortified cities on the plateaus atop the savannahs, where the PDF cowered with them. And so it was left to the space marines to strike down the Shadow Towers, which would allow the Imperial Guard and Imperial Navy local to the subsector to actually make it into the planetary system. Some had been destroyed already, but others were too thickly defended from orbit to make such an attack upon. From orbit. From the ground was another matter.<br/>
<br/>
“Go, go, go!” Cyrus yelled at the top of his lungs; his growling rasp escalated into a tumultuous roar as he began sprinting away from the alerted swarms behind him.<br/>
<br/>
The Captain of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company was quickly grabbed, and in a somewhat undignified manner nearly had his arms torn out of their sockets as Captain Manin of the Ebon Claws dragged him forwards. It was occurring all across the base of the Shadow Tower, hundreds of thousands of tyranids swarming and fired bio-plasma into the air at the interlopers who had managed to get so deep within their territory. Some of the Blood Ravens and Ebon Claws fired what weapons they could, right before the first bombardment shell descended from the heavens. Over a hundred tons of organic matter were vaporized and turned to blasted charcoal in a single blow, the blanketing power of the Shadow of the Warp finally penetrated by the signal boosted beacons devised by Martellus. For too long, had the auspex scans and probes been unable to get sufficient locks, the clouds of tyranid ships preventing the ships of the Imperium from getting close enough for other methods.<br/>
<br/>
Until now.<br/>
<br/>
“Trigger the teleports!” Cyrus yelled through the whipping winds as the space marines flew at the speeds of customized jump packs being pushed to their limit.<br/>
<br/>
“The Shadow in the Warp might yet be too strong!” Captain Manin replied, voice tight.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus could fell the shockwave of the bombardment about to reach them.<br/>
<br/>
“We either risk the teleport, or we will be crushed by the shockwave!”<br/>
<br/>
“…very well! Initiating!”<br/>
<br/>
In the far view, one could easily miss the blink of less than fifty lights flashing amongst the absolute geological destruction being enacted upon the former luscious jungle that the feeding tendril had anchored itself upon. Many would, instead, be far more focused upon the frantic messaging of the astropaths high above on the edges of the planetary system. Though Cordelia was only one of the five planets in the system, the non-standard orbits of the planets happened to result in it being the absolute furthest to the edge in that very moment. And in that crucial moment, the Shadow in the Warp was weakened, its blanket of choking strength frayed.<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus reappeared in the Ebon Claws strike cruiser with a gasp and grunt as both he and Captain Manin were flung forwards off the platform due to their original momentum partially carrying over. Both of them were on their feet in an instant, watching as others arrived in similar manner. Few were as lucky as they in terms of wounds, many still gritting their teeth or groaning as bio-plasma burned through the ceramite coating and adamantine plate into the flesh beneath. A handful did not reappear at all, and one pair emerged as a disgusting melded abomination that required immediate destruction.<br/>
<br/>
“Was it enough,” Cyrus grunted, looking at Manin as the Ebon Claw listened to the vox channels.<br/>
<br/>
“…yes,” the Ebon Claw grinned fiercely. “We are receiving reports that the fleet was able to enter the edges of the system, enough to tip the balance. If they are swift, we will be able to advance swiftly throughout the rest of the planets. If the Navy’s leadership is capable enough…this may be enough to save the system.”<br/>
<br/>
“Hrrngh,” was Cyrus’ grunted response. “We’ll see.”<br/>
<br/>
Every moment was precious. The presence of the Shadow Towers vastly extended deployment times, meaning that every moment spent was another moment of them devouring the planets they’d taken further. Based on the reports, and the follow-up calculations, Cyrus knew that at least three worlds were likely to be completely lost by the time that the forces of the Imperium reached them. Ten billion citizens of the Imperium turned into biomass for the tyranids, to be shaped and remolded into new xenos forms thrust out of the spawning pools covered in toxic amniotic fluids. Ten billion at minimum. One civilized world lost. One mining world with its resources stolen out from the coffers of the Imperium. One death world, a major training base for the Imperial Guard. The latter bothered Cyrus the most – that was the most likely location for the tyranids to gain new and dangerous adaptations aside from the baseline.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Through The Crater: 98<br/>
Defense: 59 vs. 56</b><br/>
<br/>
The ruins of the forge-hive were a shattered wasteland of metal and daemonic flesh. Toxic waste and acidic fluids spewed from shattered piping, sewer systems where failed experiments and warp-tainted materials were flushed had been thrust upwards as the foundation had cracked and splintered. The forces enacted upon it, first from the falling station, then from its reactor hearts erupting, had wiped out all living beings that had inhabited it – slaves and masters alike. Yet for all of that, things still moved. Fires miles in length and height, powered by hundreds of gallons of promethium and other fuel sources still burned. Portions of the upper buildings continued to fall to earth, and the ground itself was constantly wracked with quakes as the crater continued to settle. The heat itself was blistering and would have been fatal to those without closed environmental suits of the sophistication available to the Inquisition and the Adeptus Astartes. Certain areas were so irradiated that even then the force had to shift to avoid them, lest they rot into slurry within their armor. As it was, auspex scanners were all but useless, the heat signatures, radiation, and other hazards forcing all to fall back onto the psychic senses of the Blood Raven librarians. Were it not for them, it was likely that even the Inquisitor would have been lost within that burning labyrinth, even with her own psychic abilities.<br/>
<br/>
Behind them, the legions of Opus Maxima finally reached the forces of the Imperial Guard, those that made it past the carefully fired bombardment shells of the Blood Raven strike cruisers. There were daemon machines, loping things that aped the appearance of ancient terran wolves and lions, flesh grown in tubes and enhanced with hypersteroidal injections melded with metal madness incarnate. There were skitarii and war servitors whose lower bodies were treads, were wheels, were hover sleds, all to push them forwards at fast paces. There were flying craft that lifted just above the heads of those they fought alongside. Weapons as simple as slug throwers were joined by plasma and bolter and even more hideously advanced things.<br/>
<br/>
The Imperial Guard beheld the insane creations of the Dark Mechanicus, who had followed the traitor Horus into darkness, who willingly joined their creations with the Warp, and stood firm.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================​</div><br/>
“Blessed be the machine spirit within you, who grants you animus. Blessed be the servitors who loaded thy ammo, blessed be the Omnissiah who cast your design into the minds of His Holy Servants,” Martellus muttered.<br/>
<br/>
With a final, heavy wrench, the tarantula whirred to life. Its activation lights turned green, and it began to shift back and forth, going through initial diagnostics at high speed. Martellus let a sigh of relief escape him as he stood back from it, glancing around at the rest of the holy machines surrounding him. His expression turned sour, however, when he glanced upon the broken thunderhawk. Half of it was still melting away into slag, the bio-plasma of the tyranids eating through its hull and the internals easily. It would be utterly unrecoverable, at least in terms of making it fly again. It held many valuable parts still, things worth salvaging, but he didn’t have time for that.<br/>
<br/>
“So,” he grunted, racking the slide of his storm bolter and placing it into the waiting manipulators of his servo-harness mechadendrite. “You think that’s going to be enough?” He muttered to himself. “Do you?”<br/>
<br/>
All around him, the screams of the tyranids could be heard. They were eager, waiting, ready just to feast upon the target that they had shot down. The rest of the formation were turning about, even now, but they would not be able to land in such a hot zone. It would have to be elsewhere, and they would have to forge their way to his position. Or they would proceed with their mission to destroy the hives of the tyranids to keep them from spawning even more combat creatures. It would not matter, in the long run, if he did not survive the coming moments. He turned, sneering, as the first of the tyranids crested the hills nearby, shrieking and chittering, some of them even firing small bio-plasma bolts in his direction haphazardly.<br/>
<br/>
“YOU THINK THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THE HIVE MIND HAS SHOT ME DOWN?!” He roared, and with a wave of his hand, activated the rest of his cargo which he’d placed after making sure they were all functional.<br/>
<br/>
There was a reason the thunderhawk transporter had only registered a single organic occupant.<br/>
<br/>
“TASTE THE FURY OF THE OMNISIAH, XENO SCUM!”<br/>
<br/>
And all fifteen Tarantulas opened fire, Martellus doing the same with the belt-fed bolters he held in each hand and the storm bolter in his mechadendrites. Such was the volume that one could not even hear the sounds of grenades and heavy weapons fire coming from where the other thunderhawks had hastily landed. Hormagaunts and termagaunts in their hundreds charged at him, and hundreds of hormagaunts and termagaunts died. Martellus palmed, armed, and threw a frag grenade in a low bouncing skip that took it just beneath the zoanthrope that crested the hill, blowing the synapse creature to pieces. When the warriors showed up, a twist of his wrist and the networked turrets turned as one and spent a single second’s worth of heavy bolter and multi-melta fire to kill them. With each eruption of the nearest synapse creatures, the momentum of the enemy slowed, became confused. Each such kill bought him more of that precious, precious thing called time. Through the toxic clouds of the xeno-formed landscape, Martellus could see the lights of jump packs on the horizon.<br/>
<br/>
“NONE SHALL FIND ME WANTING!”<br/>
<br/>
“FROM DARKNESS, SALVATION!”<br/>
<br/>
The Ebon Claws 9<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had arrived, Captain Manin at their head.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Railway Tunnels: 92<br/>
Defensive Distraction: 86 vs. 75</b><br/>
<br/>
“Status,” Tarkus grunted as he triggered one of the plasma cannons.<br/>
<br/>
Another superheated sphere impacted directly into the face of an approaching combat walker, sending it crashing to the ground with a scream of metal and multiple cybernetic exhaust throats. The cooling cycle meant that he could not fire both with impunity, but he had found that in this position, the power packs protected, he could fire one after the other. One usually finished cooling by the time the other had charged up, fired, and begun its own cooling cycle. Around him, the rest of the Imperial Guard fought extremely fiercely, and here Tarkus could find the hidden grit of Meridian revealed to the galaxy once more. Some were outright crying at the visions being shown to them, the insanity-inducing sight of the Dark Mechanicus unleashed sure to cause nightmares in the future. But the most important thing was that they were shooting back. Being able to fire a lasgun, a bolter, an autocannon, a lascannon, or a grenade launcher into the face of an abominable enemy, Tarkus understood, helped reduce the amount of fear that one held. Or so he’d heard from the ranks of the Guardsmen in times past.<br/>
<br/>
“Kill them, in the name of the Emperor!”<br/>
<br/>
“Ugly bastards, aren’t you! Well don’t worry, I brought enough lasbolts for all of you!”<br/>
<br/>
“BRING! THEM! HELL!”<br/>
<br/>
The last was broadcast from the nearest Baneblade, each of them now unleashing all eleven barrels of hell upon the enemy. They had formed an impressive wedge, around which the Dark Mechanicus was pushed back, was cut or blown apart, far in excess of almost any other part of the battle line. It did not mean that the servants of the Dark Mechanicus were not still trying, merely that weight and potency of fire was killing them faster and further than elsewhere along the line. Other hardpoints of major resistance existed, heavy weapons teams, the dreadnoughts, Tarkus himself, and other locations with the Blood Ravens. In other portions, however, the Imperial Guard were forced to deal with monstrosities of abused flesh and twisted metal getting right up in their faces before they could be brought down. Anywhere that was in too much danger, where the line was in danger of breaking, would receive danger close bombardment from the basilisks.<br/>
<br/>
“Epistolary Lucan is still working upon the wounded left in orbit,” a serf responded after a moment from the bridge of the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. “Chapter Master Angelos is nearing wakefulness once more, his bionics are mostly repaired.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. If anything changes, let me know,” Tarkus said tersely.<br/>
<br/>
A single winking thrum in Tarkus’ mind appeared and then disappeared. The sensation of a hand clapping upon his pauldron in comradeship, a grim nod suggested through the mind and whirling of the wind. It was the assigned signal, a complex but recognizable series of sensations delivered by a powerful psychic mind. Tarkus did not let himself feel any satisfaction that Justinius and the others were in the tunnels, not when so much else could still go wrong. There was still a major battle to be fought here, if nothing else. They were out of time, outnumbered, and given the sophistication of the enemy, possibly outgunned.<br/>
<br/>
But then, Tarkus knew, in the end the man who had nothing could still have faith.<br/>
<br/>
It would have to be enough.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Through The Tunnels: 68 vs. 26<br/>
Defensive Distraction: 48 vs. 70</b><br/>
<br/>
“…impressive,” Inquisitor Adrastia murmured as the patrol of skitarii passed by, eyes and scanners passing over their entire party without pausing.<br/>
<br/>
“Difficult,” Justinius corrected through grit teeth as faint energies bloomed from his hands. “Their technology is aided by the Warp, by daemons, in the process of the forging.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see,” she nodded curtly. “The deeper we get, the more patrols we run into. They are beginning to suspect something, no doubt.”<br/>
<br/>
The skitarii began to poke and prod at their stolen transport train, barking at one another in scrap code through corrupted vocoders. It had been a stroke of luck that it had survived the explosions that had filled the tunnels when the forge-hive died, its bay protected by thick blast shields that had closed just in time. Shields that had not, however, been enough to stop Justinius from manipulating the locks within the structure and letting them inside. They were still going to be setting off radiological alarms in the meantime, but thankfully the reckless industry of the Dark Mechanicus worked against them. In a realm where illicit compounds could take on lives of their own, aided or possessed by daemons or random bursts of Warp energies, where containment breaches of experiments could occur whenever a Magos was looking to sabotage his rivals, where weapons deemed illegal even by the standards of the Imperium were wholly unregulated. Even now, some of the skitarii walking past were clearly on their last legs, their organic components withering away from the toxic fumes of the area, requiring either replacement or recycling. Knowing the Mechanicus, Dark or otherwise, it was likely that the metal components would be deemed more valuable when more organic matter could be grown in tubes to.<br/>
<br/>
“We should move on,” Kaius spoke up, the Champion of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company having holstered his flamer for now. “There will likely be entrances and areas that even Justinius cannot shield us within.”<br/>
<br/>
“I agree,” Adrastia nodded before gesturing, her stormtroopers and retinue following with her as the Blood Ravens moved. “Magos?”<br/>
<br/>
“T-t-t-tapping n-n-noosphere,” the twitching tech-priest stuttered. “R-reports indicate interlopers giving h-h-heavy resistance, but kills have been made. L-line-lines broken in certain location-n-n-ns?”<br/>
<br/>
Kaius pursed his lips inside his sealed helmet and glanced over at Justinius, who shook his head in turn.<br/>
<br/>
<i>I do not trust this stuttering thing. It is broken, and I do not have to be a psyker to see that much</i>, the normally quiet Champion said in his mind.<br/>
<br/>
<i>It bears a taint in it, yes,</i> Justinius replied mentally, his expression equally invisible in his helmet. <i>But it is bound, chained. Inquisitor Adrastia risks much utilizing it rather than putting it down, but for now its worth outweighs the risk.<br/>
<br/>
The moment it begins to break those chains</i>…Kaius let the thought trail off.<br/>
<br/>
He did not need to say anymore.<br/>
<br/>
<i>Understood</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“Do you, or do you not have a map yet,” Adrastia said, impatiently.<br/>
<br/>
This time, Justinius watched as the Inquisitor flexed her own psychic talents. She had been, when she had arrived in the Third Aurelian Crusade, a staunch Puritan. That much, Justinius knew. This woman, however, had seen more than half a century pass since that day. By the reckoning of some calendars, at least. More than half a century of the Empire fracturing further and further, systems burning and dying, the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade grinding ever on. Now, she arrived with a heretek, and as Justinius watched, crushed and strangled the mind within that wracked frame with her psychic abilities. A prisoner. A tool. It was not a bound daemon, or anything so foul, but that did not mean that it did not bear watching.<br/>
<br/>
“A-a-a-access g-g-granted. Welcome, Fabricator-General,” the Magos twitched and bent nearly double before twisting upright again, its voice abruptly pleasant and unbroken before it went back to mumbling beneath its breath.<br/>
<br/>
“There,” Adrastia hissed, stabbing a finger at the map being projected out of the Magos’ eye. “That is where we shall make our entrance into the genatorium grid.”<br/>
<br/>
“After that, I think we’ll have to fight our way forward,” Kaius murmured. “Look at the checkpoints and guard posts nearby.”<br/>
<br/>
“We must risk it,” Adrastia said firmly.<br/>
<br/>
“Agreed,” Kaius nodded.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Going Down: 22 vs. 43<br/>
Defensive Distraction: 62 vs. 12</b><br/>
<br/>
“Pull back! Pull back! PULL BA-AAAAGGHH!” The sergeant screamed as he was lifted upright in the servitor’s crab claws, the power fields crackling, and then cut off entirely as he was torn in half.<br/>
<br/>
All around them, the lines were stretching, bending. Hard points of defiance still existed, but the Dark Mechanicus were penetrating deep. Too deep. Any further, and they would snap outright. Then there would be nothing that could be done, only a frantic retreat back to the ships and a hope that they could lift off. It was a short distance, that, purposefully so, but they could not afford the sure slaughter that could occur if forced into a full retreat. The Blood Ravens fought on, the terminators stomping and firing with their storm bolters and assault cannons, the dreadnoughts with their own weaponry, once again using their multi-meltas at deadly close range.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>STAND YOUR GROUND</b>!” Came a boomed broadcast on loudspeaker.<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus glanced to the side and saw the cupola of a Baneblade open despite the enemies that had clambered atop it. Emerging, firing with bolt pistol in one hand and slashing with lightning claw in the other, came the daughter of Lord Subsector Vance Stubbs.<br/>
<br/>
“GET! OFF! OF! MY! TANK!” Colonel Stubbs shrieked as she kept killing the boarders atop her Baneblade. “Miserable SCUM! Pavins! DRIVE US FORWARD!” She yelled down into the cupola before straightening and continuing to shoot bodies off of the Baneblade.<br/>
<br/>
Simultaneous to that moment was the wedge of superheavy tanks that she had brought to the battlefield doing something completely incongruous to the rest of their brethren. Rather than turn back, falter, or anything of the sort, the Baneblades born of the industry of Kaurava <i>advanced</i>. They drove forward, grinding the enemy beneath their treads while continuing to fire. They twisted and spun, maneuvering hundreds of tons of metal at high speed, simultaneously opening up whole swathes of ground for the Guardsmen to regroup in. All the while, Colonel Stubbs remained standing atop her tank, firing down into the crowds of the enemy with her bolt pistol.<br/>
<br/>
“Soldiers of the Imperium! You shall not falter! We fight in the Emperor’s name!” Colonel Derosa, husband to Stubbs, yelled as he strode forward as well.<br/>
<br/>
His power sword clove through a combat servitor, his plasma pistol taking the head off of another skitarii. Around him, buoyed by the heroism of their leadership, the rest of the Guard turned about once more. Fear drained away, was replaced by desperate anger, by shame. What had stretched near to breaking once more solidified, strengthening into walls of guns and fury. Tarkus noted as he continued to fire that many of the Guardsmen took heart in the presence of the Blood Ravens as well, especially around himself and Sergeant Stromahn. Captain Thule had not even shifted his feet, merely rotated back and forth while firing his multi-meltas, even as some of the enemy had begun targeting him specifically. His chassis glowed where lascannons had struck, but the dreadnought refused to yield.<br/>
<br/>
Just as the rest of the Blood Ravens refused to yield.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>In The Grid: 32 vs. 40<br/>
Defensive Distraction: 90 vs. 50</b><br/>
<br/>
“Go Inquisitor! We’ll hold them off!”<br/>
<br/>
Adrastia did not stop, did not pause to offer anything other than a nod as she pressed the activation rune to shut the door. The stormtroopers had not expecting anything more. That was their lot in life, and that was the nature of the missions that they undertook. The blast doors continued to shut, extra layers of metal and sheathing emerging from their sockets and fusing shut. Within a handful of seconds, it was too thick to hear the sounds of the doomed last stand of the stormtroopers on the other side. A handful of explosions managed to make themselves heard, but soon not even that much was possible. Besides which, there were plenty of other foes on this side of the door to deal with instead. Rapid lasfire was flung down the corridors leading to their position, but still the skitarii came on. She paused, in fact many did, as their armors suddenly screeched and locked up. Guns failed as a wave of some sort of energy field washed over them.<br/>
<br/>
“HERETEK! Take him down, now!” Kaius Jacobus bellowed, seconds before a bolt of psychic lighting did just that – allowing their weapons to function normally once again.<br/>
<br/>
“That’s half of who I brought,” she said tersely as they continued running through the corridors, her captured heretek bobbling along as its internal gyroscope kept it upright. “Gone.”<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t as if she’d been able to bring the entire regiment with her, but that only meant that she’d purposefully picked some of the elite formations that had existed within the elite force. Half whom had now died, or were soon to die. Their deaths irked her, but there was nothing for it but to keep moving forward. She glanced about at what forces remained. The psykers of Gabriel’s Chapter were proving their worth several times over, projecting force far in excess of their numbers, but the more ‘mundane’ – if that word could ever be applied to space marines – battle brothers were not untouched by the fierce fighting it had taken to get to this point. Unlike some of her kind, she was not unaware that space marines could be far more mortal than the tales suggested.<br/>
<br/>
The nature of her Ordos ensured that, even if experience had not.<br/>
<br/>
“I regret their deaths, Inquisitor,” the Chief Librarian said as they moved. “I had not anticipated that…monstrosity.”<br/>
<br/>
Monstrosity barely covered it. It had been a horrid amalgam of broadcast Null-souled creatures and mechanical systems used to enhance and boost its nature. Something to deaden, to block, perhaps even to reduce overall metaphysical contamination of vital areas of the forge-hive’s depths. It had, unfortunately, also worked in stripping away the psychic shielding that Justinius Probalis had produced to block them from sensors and eyes alike.<br/>
<br/>
“They knew the risks, Blood Raven,” she shook her head, pausing to fire her inferno pistol at a skitarii with three power mauls in its many hands, killing it instantly. “But lacking their numbers will make our job harder.”<br/>
<br/>
An explosion from up ahead made them both look up, finding Kaius Jacobus standing atop the burning ruins of what almost looked like a Kastelan robot, only twisted by the touch of Chaos. The hordes of the Dark Mechanicus were coming for them, from all directions, but they couldn’t turn back. Explosives flew to block off tunnels, concentrated fire opening holes for them to move through the bodies flowing towards them. Reaching out, Justinius swept his hand sideways and unleashed a wave of white hot flame which melted metal and flesh alike, vaporizing them and ensuring that they could move forwards at a rapid pace. Some of the Blood Ravens took wounds, their gifts ensuring that the blood clotted swiftly, and some of the stormtroopers fell to the ground dead, and yet for all that they kept moving forward.<br/>
<br/>
They had to.<br/>
<br/>
To stop was certain death.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================​</div><br/>
<b>To The Heart: 41 vs. 19<br/>
Defensive Distraction: 77 vs. 75</b><br/>
<br/>
Step. Fire. Step.<br/>
<br/>
They were almost surrounded. Almost. In truth, the absolute heaviest forces, save for the Baneblades, were set along the flanks. The one thing that could not be allowed was damage to the troop transports. And so the Guard had spread out to defend them. The oncoming forces of the Dark Mechanicus were reactionary, hastily assembled and sent out, and even now in the distant horizon Tarkus could see where their ranks finally came to an end. But more would be on the way now that this initial thrust was finally depleting themselves. Initial auspex readings of the armies being assembled had spied things that were at least the size of knights coming out of vehicle bays, clawing their way up out of the smog and filth of the forge-hives, and whole swathes of armored vehicles. The Baneblades were mighty, holy machines of war, but they could be destroyed. Overwhelmed. Especially when the enemy had more tanks on their side than they did, the industrial capacity of a nascent Forge World far greater than what they had on hand.<br/>
<br/>
By now, one way or another, they had to pull back to the ships. Even if the Inquisitor’s plan succeeded, it would all be for naught if they could not retreat onto the ships and lift off in good order. And so the slow, planned tactical shift had begun. Not a retreat, certainly not, but Tarkus had been forced to hand off his plasma cannons to others, to be carried by servitor back to the thunderhawk. Now he fired with his bolter instead, the venerable weapon proving itself time and again. The terminators, at his order, remained at the absolute forefront, enduring what the lesser equipped Guardsmen quite simply could not. The dreadnoughts had assembled into a trio, killing as they went, focus firing down any overly armored foe that tried to overrun the line. The Baneblades were reaping the greatest toll of all, however, swiftly driving their way back and forth as a mobile tidal wave of metal and death. It was, quite possibly, the most aggressive utilization of tanks that Tarkus had ever witnessed outside of formations commanded by the Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Heartburn: 34 vs. 71<br/>
Defensive Distraction: 95 vs. 78</b><br/>
<br/>
The absolute depths of the grid were as heavily defended as anywhere else. But even then, they had not yet accounted for the presence of the guardian. It made sense, in the end, that it would be there. But they had still somehow not anticipated it. The Warp was so thoroughly clouded and clogged here, squeezed and stretched, manipulated and transformed, the artifice of the Dark Mechanicus abusing it as much as the greatest of sorcerers might, that Justinius had not sensed the thing’s presence. It reminded him of some of the vehicles of the Dark Eldar, known to some as the Drukhari, mixed with an Imperial Knight. Spindly tendrils of not-quite-bone sprouting from atop a tri-legged amalgam of metal, poisonous fluids, and cackling daemonic mouths with infinite depth that had been stamped across its frame. It did not speak, it only screamed. Its hide was thick, and though it bled from many wounds caused by krak grenades and concentrated blasts of psychic power, it would not fall. The bodies of the elite stormtroopers lay strewn about the ground, many in pieces. Some had been vaporized entirely. The hulking beast stomped this way and that, firing with such a multitude of weapons that even the vaunted armor of the space marines was not inviolable, nor were their superhuman constitutions.<br/>
<br/>
“Colonel Merrick! Get back into cover!” Adrastia cried aloud as she watched the crippled man force himself to his feet. Or rather, foot, using his own lasgun as a crutch as he crawled out from a pile of his dead brethren.<br/>
<br/>
“Not…today, Inquisitor,” he grunted.<br/>
<br/>
“Librarian!” Adrastia howled.<br/>
<br/>
But Justinius Probalis could not do anything, for he was casting forth a shield to withstand the abominable guardian’s weaponry and protect the heavily wounded marines and handful of stormtroopers behind him. He wound lightning and flame and sheer kinetic force to keep the creature from advancing further, but for all of that, he could not move. Damion Tyrin, the Epistolary of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, was near death, having been grasped and chewed upon by the creature’s main maw. Multiple tons of force delivered by sharpened metal ‘teeth’ had nearly rent him apart before he’d escaped with a detonation of psychic force, his body a broken ruin that had immediately fallen into suspended animation. Adrastia was concussed, she knew that much, and thus she could not muster up enough mental force either. Kaius Jacobus had been thrown into a nearby pylon, and though he had survived what should have been a fatal amount of electricity, he had fallen into suspended animation while retaining the appearance of charcoal.<br/>
<br/>
They were losing.<br/>
<br/>
They were dying.<br/>
<br/>
And so Colonel Merrick hobbled forwards to the very lip which descended into the depths below the pulsating main reactor heart complex, the very center of the genatorium grid for the entire forge-hive. He had less than a minute to live, given how violently his leg had been torn off, and yet he retained enough dexterity in his fingers to input the command code into the device he slid off of his back. In an instant, the guardian had turned about with titanic steps that were impossible fast. It screeched even louder, enough to cause blood to squirt from many an eardrum as they erupted. It certainly deafened Merrick. Yet the man only smiled back with bloody teeth as the creation of the true servants of the Omnissiah unfurled itself. But that wouldn’t be enough, and Merrick knew it, just as Adrastia did.<br/>
<br/>
It needed closer contact, it only had a certain reach.<br/>
<br/>
“MERRICK!” Adrastia’s voice carried earnest anguish, so sharp that it nearly shocked the still conscious space marines.<br/>
<br/>
Merrick could only shrug at her.<br/>
<br/>
“Hell, I’ve already died once in His name. Most men never get to do it a second time. ‘M sorry, Addy.” Merrick whispered before he threw himself backwards over the edge with the device, just before a stabbing tendril the width of a terminator slammed down where he’d lain.<br/>
<br/>
The last words that Colonel Merrick of the 85<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Vendoland, Hero of Typhon, would ever yell echoed upwards through the cavernous depths beneath the primary forge-hive of Opus Maxima just before the device triggered.<br/>
<br/>
“FOR VENDOLAND AND THE EMPEROR!”<br/>
<br/>
And a coruscating blast of dampening energies exploded outwards. Machinery halted, pumps ceased, and the glow of the reactor disappeared utterly. Injectors halted, power packs became nothing more than dead weight, and cybernetics became little more than cold metal. The guardian of the genatorium grid’s heart screamed even louder as massive swathes of its body became inert, sloughing off of its body in the hundreds of tons at a time. Inquisitor Adrastia’s scream of pain turned into one of fury, even as she faced the guardian. Justinius’ head whipped around as he saw the daemons swirling inwards, even as she summoned forth a level of strength that she had not been capable of only moments before. Instantly, he had to turn his efforts to preventing her possession, even as she continued to build up as the guardian stumbled back and forth before unleashing a simple wave of force of incredible magnitude, forcing it tipping backwards into the pit.<br/>
<br/>
The effort blew her eyes out of her sockets and sent blood spewing out of her ears, nose, and mouth while also knocking her unconscious.<br/>
<br/>
“Damn it,” Justinius growled.<br/>
<br/>
With the guardian down, he could spare the effort to drag her body – and those of the minimal number of living members of their party closer to him.<br/>
<br/>
“Where…ah,” he said as he plucked the protected and hardened case off of the small of her back.<br/>
<br/>
He did not need to understand how it had managed to be made immune from what had just happened, only that it had remained functional. In but a moment, he opened it up and activated it, feeling mentally just how many things were slowly picking themselves up off the ground and shambling in their direction. What mattered was that the beacon functioned, and just as they’d planned, he gathered everyone together. He did not need his armor to have its power pack functioning to do it, it was a simple matter of mental strength to pull all together. It was just unfortunate that there was just one of their number who he could recover nothing at all of.<br/>
<br/>
The beacon blinked once. Twice.<br/>
<br/>
On the third blink, a flash enveloped them all as they were pulled out of the depths. Just before they faded from the materium entirely, Justinius spied the absolutely massive warhead that crashed to the ground. And then he was gone, busy trying to keep the ruinous Warp environment from stealing away amongst the living or the dead. The Inquisitor in particular was a gaping wound, one he had to work hard on closing as quickly as he could. Psychic breakthroughs like that were almost always fatal, if only because of the otherworldly attention they attracted to those who were universally knocked comatose by the backlash of going beyond one’s limits. In the next instant, he clattered onto his hands and knees as they landed in the teleportarium of the Inquisitor’s vessel.<br/>
<br/>
Frantically, he cast his mind out, only to sigh in relief as he read the battlefield far below. The shift, the change. He saw the flickers of fate and life as they lifted upwards, upwards and away. He saw the crackling burning of the planet’s heart, suddenly set aflame by its own power. The stolen and channeled heat and power turned in on itself, an explosion so big that he could almost have felt it from orbit. More than that, he felt the echoes as the forge-hive began to explode from below, as the deep, deep holes that the Dark Mechanicus had dug into the world became trammels with which to break it. He had felt the death of Typhon. He had felt the echoes of what had been done to Cyrene. He knew the tainted shattered sphere that was the planet Aurelia. All of these and none of them flooded his mind at once.<br/>
<br/>
For the death of a world was ever unique.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================​</div><br/>
“He stirs,” a distant voice said through their helm, voice echoing strangely.<br/>
<br/>
“Bionic repairs complete. Warning, certain repairs unable to be completed due to specialists required. Functionality of subject: Angelos, Gabriel is below optimal state.”<br/>
<br/>
A sigh.<br/>
<br/>
“Understood, servitor. Return to your charging station and await further orders.”<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, Gabriel Angelos opened his eyes.<br/>
<br/>
His body was strung up within a bay more appropriate for power armor maintenance. He felt the click and whir of his damaged bionics, felt the cold phantom sensations that they were transmitting to his mind settle. It was a far cry from the more responsive standards that he had grown used to. In front of him was an apothecary – it could only be one, however. His mind was not so sluggish as to forget the sight of the dead Honor Guard strewn about the ground. A cold anger simmered in his gut at the thought of it, and without prompting he slowly shifted about until his legs were underneath him once more. He had, at some point, been extracted from his armor, the better to work on his body no doubt.<br/>
<br/>
“Apothecary Medici,” he rasped.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master. It is good to see you awake,” the apothecary said, but his voice was exhausted and cold. “I have restored your organic components as best I can, but without a senior tech-marine on hand we cannot effect full repairs on your bionics.”<br/>
<br/>
“I understand,” Gabriel nodded as he slowly shifted his weight back and forth, testing the repairs. “What has occurred in the meantime?”<br/>
<br/>
“…much,” Medici said slowly.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel followed him out of the secure chamber he had been placed in, only to stop and stare at the bodies strewn about the apothecarium. Epistolary Lucan was standing over many of them, slowly and painstakingly regenerating lost organic matter. A bevy of apothecarial servitors busily worked cutting, sewing, sealing, and more. Some were conscious. Many others were in the throes of suspended animation, and even as he watched, more were being brought in, puncture wounds the size of his fist slammed through their armor in portions. Heavy munitions fire had struck most of them low, but some had clearly suffered their wounds from melee weaponry.<br/>
<br/>
“I…see.”<br/>
<br/>
Medici had not even paused, immediately going over to the new arrivals and ordering the servitors to place them on already crowded beds and slabs.<br/>
<br/>
“I suggest going to the strategium, Chapter Master,” the apothecary said without looking up from one of the fallen Blood Ravens. “I’ll message them that you’re on your way.”<br/>
<br/>
“What of Apollo, Medici?”<br/>
<br/>
The white armor of the apothecary had been well coated with the red of his battle brothers, bits of space marine flesh and drying blood giving the healer a particularly ghoulish appearance. When he turned his head, Gabriel could not help but be struck by the bloody palm print that had been pressed against the apothecary’s helm by some pained battle brother or another. Only his holy tools remained pristine, but given the multiple jars of bloodied antiseptic and cleansing unguents around, it was an feat constantly in progress to manage.<br/>
<br/>
“He remains in suspended animation. I do not possess the expertise to revive him, Chapter Master,” Medici said quietly. “The bionics required, or psionic power to mend his battered flesh and bones, are not available.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel’s eyes flicked towards Epistolary Lucan, who was currently helping a marine who had suffered a plasma blast which had scorched them down to the bone in the pelvis.<br/>
<br/>
“I am good, Chapter Master, but even I do not possess the breadth of power and knowledge required for Brother Diomedes. Only the Chief Librarian might have a chance. Once the wounds are truly set, flash-repairs become untenable,” the Epistolary spoke up without stopping in his work. “It taxes not just my mind, but the body of the subject as well.”<br/>
<br/>
Bone was unblackened, small amounts of tissue regrown around it to sheathe it from the open air once more. More importantly, the marine finally relaxed in their rictus tension, collapsing backwards onto the bed. There were many more wounds, but these had had time to set, to clot over, and were not in danger of swiftly becoming fatal like the one that Lucan had just healed.<br/>
<br/>
“If all psykers could heal wounds such as Apollo suffered, there would be no need for bionics, or for dreadnoughts,” Lucan went on before standing up and then stumbling, the psychic light around him winking out as he caught himself on a nearby wall with one hand.<br/>
<br/>
The psyker coughed and wiped some of the blood dribbling from his lips, but before he could say anything more Medici was by his side, helping him upright.<br/>
<br/>
“That’s enough for now, Epistolary. You are draining yourself too swiftly. You will be of no help if you extinguish your very soul,” the apothecary’s voice was starkly gentle compared to the brusqueness of before.<br/>
<br/>
“A fair price,” Lucan grunted before he shrugged off the apothecary. “For the Chapter.”<br/>
<br/>
There was nothing that Gabriel could do there but get in the way, and so he turned and left the healers to their grim work. The atmosphere of the ship contrasted strangely with that of the apothecarium. The serfs that Gabriel passed chattered excitedly amongst themselves, at least before they heard and saw him coming. There were gasps, cheers, bows, and some even prostrated themselves as he passed. When he finally reached the strategium, the bridge of the ship had an air of grim satisfaction to it. Standing with shoulders set and back straight before the actuality sphere which displayed the system was Captain Tarkus. Nearby, eyes closed but leaking witchlight, the Chief Librarian mumbled to himself as he slowly waved his hands back and forth. Each movement carried ghostly afterimages.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” Tarkus said before falling to a knee with bowed head. “You have returned.”<br/>
<br/>
“So it seems,” Gabriel nodded back. “Rise, brother. I have only just awakened. What has happened in my absence?”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus grimaced as he stood, his head still slightly bowed.<br/>
<br/>
“I have failed the Chapter,” the Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company spoke plainly.<br/>
<br/>
“This is untrue,” Justinius spoke up, blinking slowly as he ceased his otherworldly work. “We found victory, Gabriel, but it came at a cost.”<br/>
<br/>
“I saw within the apothecarium,” Gabriel was now the one bowing his head, the sight of so many wounded, some unmoving entirely, a painful one for any true space marine. “And yet…,” he reached up and pointed a finger at a rather significant absence on the actuality sphere, replaced instead with a series of red warning notifications, “I am inclined to believe you Justinius. Tell me,” he turned, pinning both where they stood with his eyes, “What. Happened?”<br/>
<br/>
They did. A painful, grueling tale, it was, but Justinius was carefully dispassionate throughout it all. The station. Mortirex. The landing, the battles that took place, the startling reveal of the presence of Colonel Stubbs and her Kauravan Baneblade. The dangerous mission that was undertaken afterwards.<br/>
<br/>
“Considering that Opus Maxima is no longer present…,” Gabriel interrupted, glancing once more at the actuality sphere. “I presume the mission was a success.”<br/>
<br/>
“In a sense,” Justinius nodded. “The planet did not explode outward, continental plates could have struck our ships even at the distances we were at if that were the case, but total apocalyptic destruction was achieved. In the coming years, its shattered remains shall likely scatter further, but we will be gone by then.”<br/>
<br/>
An entire nascent Forge World, destroyed. Wiped from the board. All in the time since the Chaos Lord had struck him down.<br/>
<br/>
“Tarkus,” Gabriel placed a hand on the Captain’s pauldron, making him look up at him. “You helped win a great victory for the Imperium. It cost us dearly,” he said loudly, interrupting the words that had just begun to form on Tarkus’ lips, “But we are space marines. Our cause for being is to die in His name.. I would not have made you a Captain if you were not worthy of it. In my years as Captain of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company, I watched more battle brothers die in a single battle than you have just witnessed, for less worthy victories.”<br/>
<br/>
“It was my choice to drive into Mortirex’s trap,” Tarkus shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“And you will not always have that privilege,” Gabriel said firmly, making Tarkus draw back slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
“I meant what I said, Tarkus,” Gabriel sighed. “You, and our battle brothers, <i>knew</i> what they were doing and who they were fighting. You will not have that same privilege in every battle, every war. There will be ambushes, there will be betrayals, there will be unexpected arrivals and unforeseen consequences, and Blood Ravens will die to them, for that is the nature of the galaxy and it is not our nature to be invincible.”<br/>
<br/>
Tarkus’ fists tightened. There was a rather obvious patch job for his bionic arm to reconnect it to his body after being severed, the armor not yet even repainted.<br/>
<br/>
“…when I was a sergeant, my decisions could never have affected so many of our battle brothers at once.”<br/>
<br/>
Or gotten so many of them killed, it could be said as well. Though the company had taken casualties before, fatalities before, whilst under Tarkus, this moment outweighed all of those in its single-instance nature.<br/>
<br/>
“And when I was Captain of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span>,” Gabriel replied, eyebrow raised, “I could not have commanded the entire Chapter as a whole. And yet,” he swept out with both hands, encompassing the bridge, the ship.<br/>
<br/>
The Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
“Here we stand. By dark circumstance, yes, but we must not falter in the duties that have fallen onto our shoulders regardless of the how, or why, or even the when.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel watched as the fire burned back into life in the eyes of Tarkus.<br/>
<br/>
“…yes, Chapter Master. I understand.”<br/>
<br/>
“Incoming communication from the Inquisitor’s ship!” A serf called. “Shall I put it through?”<br/>
<br/>
The naked surprise on both Tarkus and Justinius’ face was not shocking to Gabriel. To be fair, by the recounting, Adrastia was still unconscious when they had transferred back to the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. After such a psychic exertion, far in excess of what her Assignment should have allowed, Justinius had described her soul and mind as ‘tattered’, stretched literally to tearing slightly. Or more than slightly, as the worry went. Not to mention the destruction of her eyes and internal hemorrhaging throughout the body. Unlike them, however, Gabriel had known Adrastia for far longer, and he knew the inner well of strength that the woman possessed.<br/>
<br/>
“…yes,” Gabriel called out.<br/>
<br/>
Just as he’d thought, the hololith projected the image of Adrastia from the waist up, her arms crossed. She no longer wore her hat, and instead wore bandages wrapped around the upper half of her head from which only a few strands of hair peeked out. Which was not, unfortunately, enough to keep from visible tracks of blood from having dripped down her cheeks from her emptied eye sockets. They were not freely bleeding, however, and had mostly dried by that point. Her suit of customized power armor had been stripped from her body, and several electrodes and other monitoring devices had been placed on her instead.<br/>
<br/>
“Gabriel. I heard you were awake again,” she started the moment her image finished stabilizing. “Have you been brought up to speed?”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel huffed in bemusement.<br/>
<br/>
“I have, for the most part. Should you not be resting?”<br/>
<br/>
“There is no rest for the righteous,” she snapped back, her tone outright acidic.<br/>
<br/>
“Inquisitor…,” Tarkus spoke up. “Colonel Merrick…,”<br/>
<br/>
Adrastia’s nose flared, her grip tightening on herself for a moment before she forced herself to relax.<br/>
<br/>
“…what, Captain Tarkus?” She barely kept herself from snarling.<br/>
<br/>
“He was a good man. A hero. He stood with us at Typhon, and that will always be remembered by the Blood Ravens.”<br/>
<br/>
“You-,” Adrastia cut herself off and sighed. “Yes. He was. Now he’s dead. And the job is not yet finished.”<br/>
<br/>
The words were meant to be dispassionate, but in her current state she did not possess the same levels of sheer self-control over the body and voice that she could normally maintain.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well,” Gabriel offered, “Then let us speak on what we shall do next.”<br/>
<br/>
“I’ll bring in Graves and the Colonels Derosa again.” Adrastia nodded before waving at something off screen.<br/>
<br/>
Seconds later, three more faces appeared on the hololith, Adrastia’s image shrinking and shifting to the side to make way. Graves seemed moderately recovered from the stress of the initial battles, whereas the two children of Governor Derosa were still in the process of decompressing from the brutal land battle around the transport ships. Tracks of sweat through the grim and blood on their faces had yet to be fully cleaned away. Gabriel Derosa had taken a black eye of immense severity, while his sister Arama had nearly lost half of her face to bloody swaddled bandages. For all that, however, their eyes remained bright and alert – those that could be seen at any rate.<br/>
<br/>
“Will your wife not be joining us, Colonel Derosa?” Gabriel asked calmly.<br/>
<br/>
“She’s overseeing repairs on her tanks at the moment, Chapter Master, my apologies,” the younger Gabriel shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well then. I have been made aware of the events in my absence. What must be discussed now is our next move,” Gabriel moved on, glancing back at the actuality sphere. “What else have we learned about the enemy in the meantime?”<br/>
<br/>
In the hours since the destruction of Opus Maxima, the ships had moved off to a safe distance, still gathered tightly together, whilst sending out probes and maintaining continual auspex scans throughout the system. Justinius added his talents to that as well, as it turned out, having immediately begun utilizing Battle Sight to look throughout the system as best he could through its churning local Warp environment. The probes utilized by the Inquisition were, unsurprisingly, particularly advanced and potent in their capabilities, having gone unused until that point due to the chaos and uncertainty of the fighting in the void.<br/>
<br/>
“It’s not a surprise that Vandis has a shipyard for New Meridian,” Adrastia shook her head. “His pride and indolence would have demanded one for himself.”<br/>
<br/>
“It does not possess the capabilities of that of Opus Maxima, but it is more than enough to maintain the ships he holds over his world in defense,” Graves sighed in frustration.<br/>
<br/>
“He was aware that his position was tenuous,” Justinius mused. “Mortirex. The Fabricator-General. We’ve removed two of his potential rivals off the board for him, and all that he needed to do was contribute none of his forces. Now he possesses the single strongest concentration of forces in the system, and the best manufacturing capabilities.”<br/>
<br/>
It had not been a pleasant thing to learn that Lord Mortirex was still at large. The churning Warp of the contained system meant that he could not have left, not just yet, but his loss of favor and his wounding was at least something of a balm to that bad news.<br/>
<br/>
“We cannot simply sit and wait around. The Saharduin can maintain their ships with their own shipyard. The remaining Chaos vessels in the system can make use of New Meridian, though it will be a good deal slower,” Graves held his chin in his palm.<br/>
<br/>
“I have never fought Kroot before, let alone those corrupted by darkness,” Gabriel Derosa pursed his lips. “I do not know the abilities of their Warspheres either.”<br/>
<br/>
“Fleet killers, if confronted foolishly. Incredibly slow, however,” Graves said. “A swift strike could obliterate that planet from orbit, potentially.”<br/>
<br/>
“Unfortunately,” Gabriel said quickly, “Our main bombardment cannon was damaged in the fighting. It is inoperable. Our strike cruisers, on the other hand, could possibly manage that.”<br/>
<br/>
“Do you have the armaments for…for Exterminatus?” Amara Derosa gulped at the thought of it.<br/>
<br/>
“We do, yes...but the armaments are meant for the <i>Litany's </i>damaged cannon, and thus cannot fire.”<br/>
<br/>
It was difficult to requisition such things when the Inquisition was watching you most carefully, after all. Gabriel could have made an issue of it, of demanding it, but contrary to the belief of some Exterminatus was a matter of last resort, and not one that they had required restocking of in some time. It might become an issue after the campaign was done, however, given just how corrupted these worlds were. Hopefully Adrastia would be willing to make the case for the Blood Ravens that they be able to restock those precious and utterly horrific weapons should it come to that.<br/>
<br/>
“Barring the Warsphere possessing some horrific modifications, I imagine that the strike cruisers could maneuver around it,” Graves posited thoughtfully, “But they’d be exposed to enemy ship movement from elsewhere in the system. It’s not like the enemy are going to just…sit around, waiting for us to come to them.”<br/>
<br/>
"Orbital bombardment could be performed, but it would be far slower than Exterminatus," Gabriel added. "Possible, given the speed of a Warsphere...but dangerous regardless."<br/>
<br/>
“Do we know any more about the capabilities of the Saharduin?” Adrastia spoke up.<br/>
<br/>
“Only that they possess their same ten Torrent-class cruisers. Equivalents, roughly, to Lunar-class cruisers,” Graves grunted. “We’re reasonably sure that that is the extent of their naval capacity, and their shipyard is a minor thing, only capable of servicing a pair at a time. They’re clearly auxiliaries, not main contributors.”<br/>
<br/>
And yet, ten such ships at their backs if they were attempting to assault any of the other worlds in the system could be devastating in the extreme.<br/>
<br/>
“No orbital stations? Anti-orbital defenses?” Gabriel questioned.<br/>
<br/>
“None on the former, uncertain on the latter,” Adrastia said, her head twitching ever so slightly in the manner that one would if they were rolling her eyes, only to wince instead from the pain. “The Saharduin had their industrial base eradicated long ago, and I did not go gathering any records beforehand – I did not think that House Vandis would stoop to working with xenos, even then.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel frowned as he continued to look at the actuality sphere, watching the other planets float silently in the projected image, as well as the marked locations of the ships above them.<br/>
<br/>
“And New Meridians defenses, do we have any more information on it?”<br/>
<br/>
This time, it was Graves who grimaced.<br/>
<br/>
“It’s not good. Bastard has a defensive fleet, his shipyard has its own defenses, and some orbital stations besides. If we had any of those fire ships left…,” he sighed. “But we don’t. It’ll be a hell of a thing getting past that screen in the first place, let alone trying to land.”<br/>
<br/>
“…but what if we did?” Gabriel Derosa spoke up, unshrinking beneath the scrutiny that turned onto him.<br/>
<br/>
“Explain, Colonel,” Gabriel said calmly to the man named after him.<br/>
<br/>
“There are other ships in the system not directly over New Meridian. The Mechanicus ships are wrecks, aren’t they? But the superstructures are somewhat intact.”<br/>
<br/>
There was only silence in return.<br/>
<br/>
“And…there are Saharduin vessels as well. And the Kroot Warsphere. The latter might be corrupted by Chaos, and a xenos vessel besides…,” he trailed off as the stares intensified.<br/>
<br/>
“Bold, Colonel,” Gabriel eventually said. “Very, very bold.”<br/>
<br/>
“We don’t have the explosive material or fuel to flood those ships to bursting,” Adrastia was quick to point out.”<br/>
<br/>
“They don’t have to be. They only have to accelerate well enough on a one-way trip,” Graves said slowly, having sat up in his command throne, eyes narrowing in thought.<br/>
<br/>
“There’s no chance we’d be able to get all of them,” the Inquisitor insisted. “We would have to kill off the crews in totality, or somehow maintain control over their systems throughout the journey.”<br/>
<br/>
“What matters is getting enough,” Graves shot back. “Otherwise, we’ll be looking to throw ourselves upon the guns of Vandis’ defenses and hope that he’ll be so surprised that we’re waggling our asses in front of his nose not to shoot us immediately. Personally, if nothing else if we <i>could</i> take the Warsphere…,”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos had fought the Tau before. He had, in fact, torn them out of the Vorga System just as the desperate calls for aid had come in from Aurelia, warning of the tyranids. Several cadres had been slaughtered. The void combat had been more difficult than the ground fighting if anything. The range and power behind Tau ships were dangerous in the extreme, their tactics diametrically opposite to the close range and boarding methods of the space marines. But there he had been aided by the Imperial Navy, and here, again, the Navy was present. It was possible. Dangerous. But possible. Then again, dangerous but possible was something that could be said about almost any potential way forward. The issue at hand was picking the one that would actually work.<br/>
<br/>
“Are your pilots refreshed, Graves? Enough to target the point defenses of the xeno cruisers?”<br/>
<br/>
“Likely, yes. The thunderhawks and some concentrated fire could help as well.”<br/>
<br/>
“Historically,” Justinius said, a data pad linked with the Librarium in his hands, “Records show that the Saharduin vessels are half-full of water, with multiple decks and corridors completely submerged. They also favor close range fighting and boarding. The Warsphere, on the other hand, will be completely filled with, potentially, hundreds of thousands of Kroot. They are colony ships, after all.”<br/>
<br/>
“And…what of Runao?”<br/>
<br/>
“I touched their minds,” Justinius answered, his lips pursed as a look of disgust passed by his face. “Their minds are fogged by chains of drugs and bindings of the soul. Their only purpose is to defend that world, to try and leave its orbit, to leave their stations, would cripple them with pain. They cannot leave, they are trapped there without actually needing to physically restrain them. It is foul sorcery, Gabriel.”<br/>
<br/>
“I assume they would act to defend Runao with insane ferocity, though.”<br/>
<br/>
“Correct, Gabriel. The ships would possibly be easier to command if taken,” the Chief Librarian did not seem to relish the idea of exposing themselves to the innards of such ships, and the corruption therein.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm.”<br/>
<br/>
“And them?” Gabriel gestured towards where the Saharduin still waited. “What of the xenos?”<br/>
<br/>
Of all the Librarians in the Chapter, only Justinius could strengthen the will and power to use Battle Sight over an entire star system, even the next strongest Epistolaries restricted to hemispheres of single planets.<br/>
<br/>
“They are base creatures,” Justinius sneered. “Eager, very eager for blood. They were intending to snap at our heels, to strike from behind and savage us, while we were occupied at Opus Maxima. Only fear stopped them, fear of Vandis. The Kroot are similar, but they are aware of the slowness of their ship.”<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t understand how that sniveling wretch has such command over them,” Adrastia growled.<br/>
<br/>
“Chains on their souls,” Justinius answered unhappily. “Bindings. Deals made, deals kept. Either Vandis has a powerful sorcerer on his side…or he <i>is</i> one.”<br/>
<br/>
Neither possibilities were particularly welcome at the moment, and yet there they remained. Those with the power to bargain, to follow through on them, were capable of gaining such powers even if they were not natural psykers. The records of the Librarius held note of such things. It was not especially common, but on the occasions that it did occur were most troubling indeed.<br/>
<br/>
“But if we attack one, or the other, they’ll likely attack from behind if at all possible.”<br/>
<br/>
There, then, lay the risk. Either face the xenos head on, or risk trying for another target, and suffer the almost sure attacks from behind. Either carried terrible risk. There lay the option of trying to swiftly lay waste to Runao, or to try and skirt the Warsphere and strike down Croxnov, or even trying to go directly after New Meridian – but that would likely be sure suicide given the defenses there and the ships that could arrive from behind. Gabriel knew that he could try and suggest it, but he also knew that even Adrastia would not agree to such a thing, let alone Graves or the commanders of the Imperial Guard. There lay opportunities and danger in all of them.<br/>
<br/>
“What of the Blood Ravens, then,” Graves turned slightly where he sat to look at where Gabriel’s face was being projected on his bridge. “What do you think, Chapter Master?”<br/>
<br/>
“The defenders of Runao are bound to their positions, though I don’t doubt that Vandis would force their movement if he truly desired. The Kroot Warsphere is a lumbering beast that can be outmaneuvered. Vandis’ defenses might have been manageable before, but now…,” Gabriel grimaced. “We may well need to attempt to take the ships of the Saharduin, or even the Warsphere itself.”<br/>
<br/>
“My stormtroopers are ready and able,” Adrastia noted, “As, I am sure, are your armsmen, Graves?”<br/>
<br/>
“If required, the Guard can contribute as well to such things,” Gabriel Derosa said quickly, a sentiment echoed by his sister. “If the ship-to-ship transports can be spared, that is.”<br/>
<br/>
It could work.<br/>
<br/>
The operative word being ‘could’.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel mused to himself as he watched the others discuss amongst themselves. Was there another way? Possibly. But success was not guaranteed in any such things, let alone what they might well be attempting soon. Not just the Chapter, but every resource would have to be carefully utilized. Any waste would be disastrous to their cause. Thankfully, during the travel to the new target, more healing work could be performed upon the wounded. How many more might be combat capable when they got there would be up to Medici, Lucan, and possibly Justinius.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Chapter Master Angelos, What Is Your Decision?:</u><br/>
<i>Voting Moratorium 12 Hours.<br/>
Note: Remember, this is just choosing the planet to approach. When you actually get there, you'll presumably make more in-depth planning. </i><br/>
<br/>
[] Advance On Aeterna: Ten ships. Ten...opportunities, perhaps. To not face the Saharduin now means they can, and likely will, assault your ships from behind if they were to travel anywhere else.<br/>
[] Advance On Croxnov: Single Warsphere, no planetary defenses.<br/>
[] Advance On Runao: Defended by 10 Planet Monitors, 12 Orbital Defense Stations<br/>
[] Advance On New Meridian: Heavy defenses, orbital defense stations, defense fleet, shipyard, anti-orbitals on the ground likely.<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<s>[] Retreat Like A Coward, Shaming The Chapter And Ensuring The Enemy Can Prepare Better In The Meantime, Dishonoring the Blood Ravens Forevermore And Blighting All Future Campaigns</s><br/>
<br/>
<u>Ground Losses</u><br/>
2 5th Company Marines (Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
1 Regiment's Worth of Losses Spread Amongst 5 Guard Regiments<br/>
1 Hero of Typhon, Colonel Merrick of the 85th Vendoland<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Fleet</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Void Shielding At 50%, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius (+All Unassigned Librarians)<br/>
25 (37) 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)<br/>
<br/>
14 5th Company Marines Require Bionic Replacements Or Dedicated Work By Chief Librarian And Epistolary Lucan Or Will Be Combat Crippled (Able to fire weapons, but not heavy weapons/able to fire heavy weapons, but not be standing or walk/ etc.)<br/>
Total Living 5th Company marines = 37. 25 are fully combat effective. <br/>
<br/>
Epistolary Idmon is in an unshakable suspended animation coma. <br/>
Codicier Aeneas has fallen into a suspended animation coma, and will require intensive healing. </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Moderate Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 1/3)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
2 Lunar-class Cruisers (Moderate Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor to Moderate Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class (Modified, Non-Standard Capabilities)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>