<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 33 Social - 2486 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 33 Social - 2486 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Spell name - Rite of Way

[*] Greet and get to know the Wizards joining the Expedition as they arrive at Praag.
[*] Adela, to see how her gradual nepotistic takeover of the Karag Nar Gunnery School is going.
[*] Spend some time exploring the Karak now that everyone has spread out into their hopefully permanent Clan Halls.



Since you're about to take your first prolonged absence from Karak Eight Peaks since it was retaken, you've decided to spend some time walking its halls and valleys and taking it in with fresh eyes. It's evolved quite significantly from the time when fungus was being hacked and burned out of ancient tunnels, most of it far from your view. Karag Nar you're quite familiar with, a large and prosperous town in its own right with a charming Tilean-Imperial cultural blend with heavy Dwarven influences. And the Eastern Valley is turning more and more into a slice of the Moot each year, providing the Karak with food and you with a breathtakingly idyllic view that remakes itself each season. But what of the other Karags? The Citadel? The Under-Karak? To satisfy your curiosity, and perhaps a little to wallow in self-congratulation for your part in retaking the Karak, you set aside some time to explore these, once more assisted greatly by the fact that wandering around and being nosy is entirely within the job description of a Loremaster.

Karag Lhune was originally the home of all of the Karak's odds and ends, such as the airship port, the orphanage, and various temples and vaults. As it was the first Karak to be retaken, it was until this year the home of most of the Karak's Dwarves. Now it's only home to two Clans - Angrund, Belegar's kinfolk, and the second incarnation of Clan Stonebeard, which is being refounded by Prince Gotri. It's a clear symbol that Belegar does not intend to cleave too closely to the Karak's past, as the now-rebuilt Hall of the Moon is to serve permanently as the new Throne Room. In place of the jewelled constellations that were looted millennia ago is a collage of coats of arms of all who contributed to the original Expedition, both Dwarven and otherwise. It takes a while to find your own - three Knightly Orders means there was a lot of Coats of Arms to be carved - but you eventually find it nestled close to that of Angrund right above the throne, among the banners of Gotri's and Edda's and Kazrik's Clans.

The Chiselwards has changed roles a number of times throughout history. As its name suggests, it was originally a home and school for Dwarves whose Clans were unable to provide those, and for the children of Clanless. During the Time of Woes it became home to refugees from other Holds - first Ekrund on the far side of the Badlands, then those from nearby holds when the southern Holds came under collective siege from the greenskins and the Skaven. It was assumed that Karak Eight Peaks would be the safest of them all, and tragically it was the first of the southern Holds to fall. During greenskin occupation it was a mushroom farm, and until recently part of it was home to the We. When Karag Lhune was retaken, the mushroom farms were burned, the We allied with, and the Chiselwards became home to all the Dwarves of Karak Eight Peaks. Now only two Clans remain, and a massive reconstruction effort is underway to convert the Chiselwards from sprawling communal barracks to proper Clan Halls for them.

The hangars atop Karag Lhune are even more filled with activity than ever as miners and masons begin plans for expanding the honeycomb of hangars. Prince Gotri's vision is that every flightworthy gyrocopter will be launched at short notice and as one when needed, and as was demonstrated when the Okral came under attack, it's one that works quite well. Each launch bay has heavy doors on both sides set up so that only one can open at a time - an external set so that the gyrocopter is not vulnerable to surprise attack, and an internal set so that an open launch bay cannot serve as an entry point to the Karag. The Okral's engineers claimed Guild secrets and refused to contribute to expanding the air corps directly, but they did overhaul the repair bay and install elevators that will make the expansion without them much easier.

The Temple of Grimnir is the other major landmark of the Karag, and it's very different to the one you've visited in Karak Kadrin, as it is not a Slayer Shrine dedicated to Grimnir the Slayer, but instead a Hall of Oaths dedicated to Grimnir the Oathkeeper. It was sealed by mighty Runes as the Karak fell and remained untouched until Kragg unsealed it seven years ago, and it's impossible to begin to estimate the tally those Runes must have taken from ambitious Goblins and Skaven in those three thousand years. Carved on the walls inside are the names of every Dwarf to ever fall in the Karak's defence, and in sealed adjoining rooms are the remains of those that fell in the reconquest. The only alteration that has been made since your last visit is the addition of fresh names. It's hard to take in the scale of the vast walls covered in neat chiselmarks, the amount of time and death that the innumerable lines represent. It's harder still to comprehend that the earliest entries were the names of Dwarves that marched and fought alongside the Ancestor Gods.

---

The Citadel was once the ceremonial heart of the Karak, but after it was the front line of the Karak's reconquest for three years it was repurposed to be the home of Clan Huzkul and the muster point for the Karak's defenders. If the cliff between the Eastern Valley and the Caldera below wasn't enough of a divide, the former is filled with lush fields and Halfling cottages while the latter has only just begun to sprout scraggly grasses in the wake of millennia of greenskin occupation and the magical onslaught that defeated Waaagh Birdmuncha. Atop its battlements is the great signal horn to sound the alert for all the Karak at once, and the flag flying alongside it tells everyone at a glance who is the highest-ranking member of the Karak's military hierarchy present there. Part of you still feels a little nervous every time it's not Dreng or Belegar. The only thing detracting from the Citadel's image as quintessentially Dwarven is that flying atop one of the two tallest towers is the flag of the Amethyst Order.

Below the Citadel is the former Throne Room that has been turned over to Clan Huzkul and transformed into their Clan Hall, the walls of which are covered with banners and weapons taken as trophies by the Karak's youngest Clan, as if to remind visitors, or possibly themselves, that they have earned their place here. Below that is the Hall of Pillared Iron, carved out of a natural cavern and filled with metal pillars to support the weight of the Citadel above millennia ago and now home to the Karak's strangest ally, the We. With the sixty-four pillars as supports the spider-hive has been growing year by year, the labyrinth of silken corridors expanding to swallow up more and more of the room. From your study of them you know the sprawling complex exists not just to disorient and entangle attackers - the walls are filled with hibernating spiders who are able to serve as reinforcements, replacements, or rations as needed. In the deepest part of the Hall are the six current Egg-Layers, each the size of a house and caring for a separate cluster of eggs.

A braided rope of silk extends from the hive to the entrance and down an adjoining tunnel. This is the guide-thread for the We's Hunters to guide them to where they should hunt without having to use up too much of the limited amount of memory they have to fall back on when outside the guidance of the We. Following this takes you underneath Karagril to the Karak's final actively hostile frontier: the entrance to the Underway to Karak Drazh. Though the greenskins would be quite capable of learning that charging into a solid wall of ballistas, grapecannon and handguns won't get them anywhere, they've instead elected to use it as a sort of population control, and on a regular basis the losers of the Red Fang tribe's internal politics are forced to charge down the underground gauntlet. It's quite clever if you follow the internal logic of the greenskins: their fungal ecology means there'll be a constant stream of new Goblins and Orcs whether there's room for them or not, so by forcing their rivals to charge down the gauntlet at regular intervals the tribe becomes no weaker, the position of the winning individuals becomes stronger, and the Dwarves are forced to pay a constant tax in ammunition, gunpowder, and attention. Unbeknownst to them, the predations of the We alter the economics of the situation, as once Karag Nar's weavers figure out how to convert the We's silk into bolts and garments, the presence of neighbouring greenskins will more than pay for the defences that must be arrayed against them.

Which you hear will happen any day now. Which you've been hearing for years. It's a source of much grumbling to you and Gretel, and a source of much smugness to Johann, who stole his silk sheets from a Naggarothi Elf.

Above the gauntlet is Karagril, the northernmost peak, home of the Karak's miners and masons and the hub of its mining operations. Like the rest of the Karags the useful minerals inside it were exhausted generations ago and it is now only home to Clan Halls and to a temple to Grungni the Miner. The actual mining operations and quarries can be found on the far side of Death Pass, and you gather it has taken a great deal of work to clear them of anything that had taken residence in them and make sure that the shafts and tunnels have remained structurally sound. The Okral were a great help in that, and in clearing and in many places remaking the tunnels and roads to allow the fruits of Dwarven labour to be returned to the Karak and sent on to where it can be used. Now iron and silver ores flow in a constant stream to Karagril and onwards to Karag Mhonar to be smelted, and the Karak is producing truly new materials and goods instead of merely scavenging the wealth of the past.

The Temple of Grungni makes you wonder. He is the principal deity of the Dwarven pantheon, and is usually celebrated by Dwarves in a huge and central temple to Grungni the Father. But here the Temple is dedicated to the Miner, and is tucked away in the least-populated corner of the Karak. You haven't raised any questions about this because you're worried that this is due to the rift between Belegar and Thorgrim, the latest heir to Grungni's throne, and the way to deal with that sort of problem in Dwarven culture is to never bring it up and hope it goes away. But you suppose it might owe more to ancient history than modern. Karaz-a-Karak is where Grungni built his throne, but Karak Eight Peaks is where Grungni first mined gromril. Given those circumstances, perhaps it's only natural that Karak Eight Peaks pays more deference to Grungni the Miner than Grungni the Father.

---

Following the ore tunnels takes you to the most recently refounded Karags. Karag Rhyn and Karag Mhonar lie at the southern edge of the Karak and are the twin peaks of the titular eight, as the two are connected at their base instead of being spaced out like the others. It is into them that the Okral poured most of their effort and into them that most of the Karak's Clans have now moved.

Karag Rhyn is the more populated of the two and its Clan Halls are built around a great temple to Valaya the Mother, and is also home to the Karak's sprawling breweries run by Clan Dourback. It's unquestionably dominated by the Grimbrow settlers from Karak Izor, as most of the other Clans that call it home are significantly smaller in number and prestige. It's not uncommon for a Karak to have multiple Royal Clans, but normally all but the native are royalty in exile from a fallen Hold. Perhaps if Princess Edda had been successful in wooing King Belegar they might have merged with Angrund, but since she got a position on the Council instead and has been quite involved with Prince Kazrik for some time, that seems to be out of the picture. Perhaps it might cause trouble down the line, but for now everyone gets along well enough that it's not a problem. The only other Clan capable of challenging Grimbrow's dominance is Clan Helhein, an ancient and celebrated Warrior Clan from Karak Norn, who are renowned for their ability with crossbows and guard the nearby approaches to the Karak. The terrain nearby isn't quite daunting enough to completely rule out an overland approach, so the ancient fortification of Morzund's Wall stretches west between Karags Rhyn and Yar, and the watchtowers known as the Sentinels run in a chain from Karag Rhyn to Karag Mhonar to Kvinn-Wyr, and then north to the Citadel.

Like Karag Nar, Karag Rhyn is dotted with small establishments dedicated to just about every craft and service imaginable, either from individuals straying from their Clan's profession or from ambitious individuals who have immigrated in the hopes of being able to establish themselves on this new frontier. A large hall is dedicated to transient traders and though only Khazalid is spoken, it's not just Dwarves that have stalls there, as traders from Tilea and the Empire have noticed and marked a developing new market on the edge of the map. Traders heading east have started loading their wagons with trade goods instead of food and supplies for the first leg of the voyage so that they can sell the goods and load up on supplies at the Karak and make a profit doing so, and on the way back they drop in to see if some of the famous wealth of Karak Eight Peaks can be extracted in exchange for spices or silks or other luxurious and exotic goods. The EIC has a regular stall here for importing the few human-made goods that the Dwarves can be persuaded to purchase, and there's plenty of Halflings selling fruits, vegetables, and baked goods.

Karag Mhonar has been dedicated to Smednir, the son of Grungni and Valaya and Ancestor God of Smelting and Smithing. It's to here that all the ore from Karagril flows to be transformed into ingots and then into useful goods, and it's here that the Karak's mint has been established. Clan Ironfinger holds sway here, who were originally metalsmiths in Karak Eight Peaks that dedicated themselves to smelting when they fled to Karak Azul, supposedly because they wished to assist instead of competing with the Clans of the Hold that had granted them refuge. They grew large and successful enough in doing so that it took a fair bit of negotiating for the Clan to split and send half their number back to their ancestral home, and part of that had been the Okral focussing a great deal of their effort on building facilities worthy of their skills. Belegar's hope is this will be the first domino in a chain as the promise of high-quality metal will convince other Clans to return to Karak Eight Peaks.

Somewhere inside it, under the watchful eyes of Clan Angrund and with everyone involved sworn to silence, the vaults of the Grand Urbaz are being melted down, further purified through various metallurgical and chemical techniques that are closely-held secrets, cast into ingots, and minted into fresh coins bearing Belegar's face and name. The other recovered vaults and the loot taken during the reconquest represent a great deal of wealth on their own, but Belegar is a big believer in spending gold instead of blood and is constantly on the look-out for more opportunities to do so. It might not be too many years until that gold is needed.

---

Three Karags remain largely empty. Karag Zilfin is the tallest and westernmost peak of the eight and was once the home of the Karak's considerable industry and most prominent Clans, but currently the only part of it that doesn't stink of chemicals is occupied by Cython. It's faded to the point that it's merely unpleasant instead of actively harmful, but it still has a long way to go until anyone would willingly call it home. This is something Belegar's done nothing to dissuade as it makes it that much easier to empty the Grand Urbaz vaults without witnesses.

Karag Yar lies to the south of Karag Zilfin and to the west of Karag Rhyn, and it is occupied by the dead. A few individual Clans had tombs that were scattered throughout the Karak, most of which were breached and looted at some point during the long occupation, but the rest sent their dead to rest in the great Ancestral Tombs in Karag Yar, and have since the Ancestor Gods ruled the Karaz Ankor. In the deepest levels are the remains of the founders of each of the Karak's original Clans, figures who are worshipped as Ancestor Gods in their own right by their descendents. When it became clear that Karak Eight Peaks would fall, King Lunn and a team of Runesmiths fought their way through the invaders until they reached the Tomb and King Lunn held the entrance until the Runesmiths could seal it, saving the Tombs from being looted but also sealing themselves inside. Kragg, Thorek, and the Okral's experts spent years unravelling the defences that those Runesmiths erected in haste and desperation, and now Gunnars and his underlings have interred King Lunn and the Runesmiths among their ancestors and are engaged in a long and thorough sweep of every level to ensure that every individual tomb remains sealed. Built into the complex is an ancient temple to Gazul, Lord of the Underearth, and you'd be surprised if Gunnars hadn't also established one to Gazul of the Flame somewhere.

Kvinn-Wyr is the final of the eight, and as the name 'White Lady' attests, it was once dedicated to Valaya the Protector. Of the three empty Karags it's the only one without a significant reason for it to remain so, and you wonder if Belegar has any plans for it. So far he seems to be dedicating a mountain to each Ancestor God, which leaves Morgrim and Thungni, patrons of Engineers and Runesmiths respectively. You're sure Belegar would like very much to lure more engineers to the Karak, but the original Engineer Clan of the Karak, Clan Stonebeard, dedicated themselves to a more direct form of warfare after fleeing to Karak Drazh and then being forced to flee again to Karak Azul. Now they name themselves Clan Sternbeard in recognition that they've strayed from the path of their ancestors, and even if Belegar could entice them to return to Karak Eight Peaks, what little knowledge they retain of their craft is from an era predating gunpowder. So he's left with trying to convince an existing Clan to split off a founding population, which is a difficult task at the best of times, as Engineers are very aware of their value, as are the Dwarfholds they belong to. The only other options are recruiting Dwarves into Gotri's refounding and training them up pretty much from scratch, or having an Engineers Guild with no associated Clan, which in Dwarven minds makes for a small and unstable Guild. The same problem applies to an even greater degree to the Runesmiths, since the very few surviving Runesmiths from Karak Eight Peaks were reabsorbed into the Karaz-a-Karak Runesmith Clan. In any case, currently the only activity in Kvinn-Wyr is the masons trying to repurify and restore its cisterns after millennia of being lived in by trolls, which is no mean feat.

---

All in all, the Karak seems to be in a good state. Still room for improvement, and a lot of room to expand into, but it's come a long way from when the Expedition first arrived at the East Gates and it's finally growing. Though part of you misses the excitement and high stakes of the Karak's early years, you're definitely proud of being a part of making all of this possible.


- The length of this one kind of got away from me. Remainder of the social turn to come.
  </body>
</html>