<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Thirteen)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Thirteen)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[] Turn The Ten (10) Saharduin Ships Into:<br/>
-[] Rams: Minimal effort, possibly devastating results if the aiming is done at a stationary target such as a space station or a planet. (3)<br/>
-[] Fire Ships: The enemy may have disabled the Litany's bombardment cannon, but she may yet contribute her thunder. Place bombardment shells and torpedoes into the ships, with long-range transmitters ready to trigger them at the right moments. (6)<br/>
-[] Vortex Ships: The lesson of the Dominius Astra is that properly overloaded warp engines can be devastatingly effective. Enough to tear the heart out of Hive Fleet Behemoth. Enough, perhaps, to help tear huge holes in an enemy fleet? There may be side effects of tearing the Warp up, of course, especially in a system so constrained by the gravity reef. (1)<br/>
<br/>
[] Choose the next target of the combined fleet<br/>
-[] New Meridian: Ex-Governor Vandis' bastion. Well defended. It's defense fleet is made up not just of monitors, but of warp-capable ships as well. A bevy of orbital defense stations hang about it as well, while its shipyard keeps them all running. They are clearly fortifying, preparing for the arrival of the Imperium.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
“Are you absolutely sure?”<br/>
<br/>
“Deadly, Admiral. Every battle weakens what remains of our forces further, for all that they also inflame our faith and fury. Meanwhile, they rally strength from the merciless sacrifice of their own,” Gabriel said as he looked upon the system produced by the actuality sphere’s projectors.<br/>
<br/>
“I cannot deny that,” Graves nodded, rubbing at his chin. “Hmph. Well,” he shrugged, the image flickering as he did so. “Admiral is as high as I’ll ever get, so why not?”<br/>
<br/>
“Better to die in the cause of the Emperor than flee,” Captain Carlyle said calmly, her eyes as dead speaking to them now as they had been when she discussed boiling all of Aeterna.<br/>
<br/>
At that very moment, the venerable Grand Cruiser was doing just that, as were a great many of the other functional ships. Aeterna, so-called by the claimants of the system, could not necessarily burn due to its existence as an ocean world. Vast amounts of salt water were in that moment being boiled away, the atmosphere of the planet wracked and shredded by the environmental changes being wrought by concentrated plasma and lance bombardment. Craters opened deep beneath the waters, displacing it further, resulting in tidal waves and clouds of steam the size of cities erupting and spinning about. At one point, sensors detected what must have been the underwater dwellings of the Saharduin upon the planet, as well as the death and destruction of multiple massive biological entities within the depths. The Imperials cared little, for all below was tainted not just by the alien but by the taint of Chaos as well.<br/>
<br/>
It was, by all accounts, a quite casual apocalypse for the planet in question.<br/>
<br/>
“Mmph, perhaps for some,” Admiral Graves raised an eyebrow at the woman. “I personally plan to reach retirement age in another fifty years.”<br/>
<br/>
Something ugly flickered through the now slightly narrowed dead eyes of Captain Carlyle.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed?”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh yes, Captain,” Graves said, carefully enunciating the technically lesser ranked naval commander. “As such, to reach that retirement, I intend to <i>win</i> here. I wasn’t raised in a Death Cult, you know.”<br/>
<br/>
“Moving on,” Gabriel said, not quite glaring at either of the two. “How long shall it take the Tech-Priests to do their work?”<br/>
<br/>
“A little less than twenty four hours,” Graves answered. “Xeno technology it may be, the Saharduin are not so advanced as to make it hard to tell what buttons to press to make them go and turn. They’ll not be too responsive, we don’t have the sheer servitors to spare to try and work with the other fire ships with arrived with, but then, they don’t need to be.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. Let us rearm and prepare ourselves for the fighting ahead,” Gabriel nodded to each of the conference call’s members before shutting down the projector, leaving him and Justinius standing alone.<br/>
<br/>
“I shall retire to the Librarium. The Lexicani are not generally meant for combat as dire as this,” Justinius said tiredly. “Even we space marines require rest, for the mind and spirit if nothing else, on occasion.”<br/>
<br/>
“I do not disagree,” Gabriel waved him away. “Rest. Recuperate. Be ready.”<br/>
<br/>
The Chief Librarian inclined his head respectfully before turning and leaving. Gabriel, however, remained. They had no senior Tech-Marines to aid him, to restore the battered bionics that made up so much of his body to full form. The Tech-Priests were busy with repairs of the Imperial Navy ships as well as the ships of the Saharduin. With each shift of weight, each movement, he felt the metal grind ever so quietly within him, at levels that only he could hear. But he did not focus upon that, and instead closed his eyes to listen to the <i>Litany </i>herself, as best he could. She had been under his command when he was but a Captain, and he had traveled upon her as a sergeant and a lower battle brother before that. Her outer skin had been scorched and melted, but her engines and shields once more held strong.<br/>
<br/>
Still.<br/>
<br/>
He had little else to do but listen, and feel the shift of the ship beneath his feet on occasion.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================​</div><br/>
“DIE IN FLAMES, XENOS! DIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN FLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMES!”<br/>
<br/>
With that said, the Sister of Battle slammed her feet down, wrenched the controls about, and sent the immolator tank’s mounted weapon system whirring like a top as its twin heavy flamers engulfed the surrounding area in presumably holy fire. The dozens of hormagaunts leaping this way and that, some of them even trying to climb atop the tank, were scorched black by the heat, many of them dying instantly. Other nearby immolators did the same, the entire wedge halted by sheer weight of biomass now responding in the most appropriate manner. Just behind the now halted wedge, the rest of the Sisters of Battle immediately began firing as the tyranids burst from the ditches next to the road, some of them appearing from the cold mists which obscured the slopes of the valley, and still others exploding out of the ground in the form of raveners and tyranid warriors. The entire column was engaged in the fight within ten seconds of being halted.<br/>
<br/>
“An ambush? AN AMBUSH!?” Screamed Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum as she triggered her power fists and backhanded a tyranid warrior into death while stepping out of her rhino transport. “Foolsih xenos! You have only delivered yourselves into our hands! Into the hands of the God-Emperor! DIE!” She screamed as she triggered her jump pack and went flying forwards across the battlefield directly at another tyranid warrior, both power fists forward.<br/>
<br/>
Bolters chattered as loud as bio-plasma bursts, meanwhile celestian squads set their feet and began trigging their heavy flamers, multi-meltas, and heavy bolters. Seraphim slashed and shot from the skies against flying tyranid bio-forms that came screeching out of the mists. Over a thousand Sisters of Battle sang hymns of faith and hatred, their depth of their grudge against the aliens attacking them as bottomless as the hive fleets themselves. Sisters Repentia hauled their chainswords back and forth across the hides of the enemy, mono-molecular tips shredding chitin even as the unarmored penitents were in turn swarmed and shredded to pieces by alien fangs and claws. One squad of sisters was reduced to little more than melted armor and flesh when an enormous blast of bio-plasma was fired from the flesh-molded cannon of a carnifex as the large creature burst through a low ridge that it and two others had been hidden behind. Even as it stomped closer, however, two penitent engines with buzzing saw blades and heavy flamers fell upon it, tearing and cutting even as they were splashed with acid which burned down past the bone of the exposed pilots.<br/>
<br/>
“This is why I suggested the route I did,” Cyrus muttered as he watched it all through the scope of his rifle. “We had not scouted this hive as the others. Damn it.”<br/>
<br/>
“These Lost Rosetta, they were close allies of your Chapter once?” Captain Manin asked, looking at the Blood Raven askance.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes. They took the betrayal of Kyras as poorly as we did. Now, despite everything, their faith does not allow them to forgive, or even see past the blood of the traitors we slew,” Cyrus grunted. “I’m told that in the distant past, the Chapter was able to discover some clues as to the location of the Lost Rosetta for which their Ordo gains its name, and gave it to them.”<br/>
<br/>
“Mmm. Should we aid them? They have deployed across the planet.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus pursed his lips, checking through the scope again to watch as the Sisters of Battle struggled to survive the ambush that had fallen upon them.<br/>
<br/>
“…yes. That,” he pointed in their vague direction, “Specific column is led by their Canoness Superior, Margaret Tenenbaum. She is…,”<br/>
<br/>
Insane. Ferocious. Zealous.<br/>
<br/>
“Better alive than dead. The Lost Rosetta lost much to the tyranids many years ago, they have sworn to combat them wherever they can be found. With the Odaken gone, they’ve dedicated their full strength to this fight.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. Rescue it is,” Captain Manin slid his helmet back onto his face.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================​</div><br/>
“Here we go,” Admiral Graves said as the combined fleet began to pass by Kroxnov.<br/>
<br/>
There was absolutely no chance of them attempting a short-range warp jump, not as the Warp itself of the system was increasingly chaotic. They had nowhere near enough navigators to even begin to think of such a thing, either, given how many of the xeno ships that they had managed to capture. Even so, it itched at the back of his skull to simply let another ship sit behind him. It wasn’t even close to the right kind of uncomfortable, rather more like trying to avoid the pointiest parts of the wall carvings and decorations in a palace while at a dance than he’d like. Warspheres, based on the records, were slow. But records could be wrong, and the insanity that was Chaos could allow the bending of perfectly good laws of reality into unwholesome positions without consent.<br/>
<br/>
“Status on the Warsphere?” He barked.<br/>
<br/>
“Still immobile, Admiral!”<br/>
<br/>
“Hrrng,” he grunted, feeling beads of sweat form onto his forehead and back. “Tell Captain Benedict and Captain Arnold to shift more to the rear.”<br/>
<br/>
“Aye, Admiral, orders sent!”<br/>
<br/>
Neither of the Captains would appreciate being told to shield the Saharduin ships more obviously, but it needed to be done, just in case. All of them were being dragged along at the center of the bedraggled formation, and if the enemy had anything approaching serviceable auspex systems, they’d know that something was up. It was only prudent. Furthermore, the troop transports were in an equally vulnerable position towards the rear, carrying the precious forces that would be required for what would surely not be an easy fight on New Meridian itself.<br/>
<br/>
“Come on, come on,” Graves muttered as he glared at the actuality sphere. “Keep your eyes shut, you alien mongrels…,”<br/>
<br/>
The worlds of the blasted system weren’t all lined up like a bar game, but it still didn’t make Graves feel too much better that they didn’t actually have to pass within the gravity well of Kroxnov. It was still <i>there</i>, after all.<br/>
<br/>
“Final course is set, Admiral. All ships are responding green. We’re on our way,” the helmsman said, his voice shaking only a little bit with nervousness.<br/>
<br/>
So they were.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
“Cannoness! DOWN!” The call was male and unfamiliar.<br/>
<br/>
Only a few priests and emissaries had traveled with the column, and she had known them all. This was none of those. Still, Margaret did so, dropping to one knee just in time to hear something whizz past and impact into something directly behind her.<br/>
<br/>
There should have been nothing directly behind her.<br/>
<br/>
“Nnnnraaagh!” She snarled as she spun about on her knee, digging a divot into the dirt with the same movement, and punched upwards the moment she saw the blood splattered outline of a tyranid lictor as it attempted to reel backwards. “No you DON’T!” She grasped the bulk of the feeder tentacles and tore, ripping them all of in the same move as she captured the rest of its head in the palm of her other power fist and squeezed.<br/>
<br/>
The beast died immediately, and violently.<br/>
<br/>
All around her, the battle was ongoing, but she could see the tide shifting as space marines arrived. Some by teleport, but most by jump pack, burning out of the skies to drop down amongst her sisters and began tearing into the enemy. She, however, turned to face the one who had warned her, her lips twisting as she gazed upon the symbols engraved in his armor and the coloration of his armor.<br/>
<br/>
“Blood Raven,” she did not quite spit.<br/>
<br/>
“Canoness Tenenbaum,” the space marine said with a nod. “We told you that we hadn’t scouted this area out yet.”<br/>
<br/>
He pivoted and fired his sniper rifle again, killing a tyranid warrior instantly as it loomed over a fallen sister who hadn’t managed to get to her feet in time.<br/>
<br/>
“We used the data you provided, Blood Raven,” she snorted, “Five other columns such as this, each led by a canoness, are proceeding into tyranid territory. What you and the Ebon Claws could not, we shall.”<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Raven blinked his one eye, the other a bionic piece with an unblinking red lens, glanced around at the battlefield, now that the battle itself was thoroughly dying down.<br/>
<br/>
“I see,” he said noncommittally, which in turn made Margaret narrow her eyes, nose flaring in anger.<br/>
<br/>
“Force Commander Cyrus,” an Ebon Claw said as he flew over, inclining his head to her. “Canoness Tenenbaum. We’re getting reports that the hive is showing a lot more activity.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course it is,” the Blood Raven said, looking away from Margaret. “They’ve been provoked and are going to be on high alert. We won’t be able to take down the Shadow Tower in the manner as before,” he then turned to Margaret again. “We deliberately didn’t approach this area, Canoness, so that with the other hives distracted, we could have attempted to reach the Shadow Tower in stealth.”<br/>
<br/>
Margaret sneered.<br/>
<br/>
“A cowardly tactic, Blood Raven.”<br/>
<br/>
“A successful one,” the Ebon Claw shook his head. “How do you think we took the other Shadow Towers down that let reinforcements into the Sector? Now…now all will suffer until we can remove it with more ‘conventional’ methods.”<br/>
<br/>
The Canoness glared at the two of them, eyes narrowed, looking for some sign of deceit. Finding none, however, she could only grit her teeth.<br/>
<br/>
“And you could not have told us this?!?”<br/>
<br/>
“Lictors, like the one I saved you from, have a tendency to seek out commanders and consume their brains for information,” Cyrus tilted his chin towards the still warm corpse. “This splinter leans heavily on such tactics. Generals, quartermasters, sergeants, priests…,” he looked at her dispassionately, “Canonesses. It hardly matters now. If we don’t strike the hive now, we might not get another chance before their ships can deliver more spores to the surface with the Navy reeling like it is.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed.” The Ebon Claw nodded before the rest of the space marines began extricating themselves from the ambush site, treating the Sisters of Battle just as warily as they themselves were being treated. “We’ll have to move out and try to destroy it from here.”<br/>
<br/>
“What, by yourselves?” Margaret raised an eyebrow. “I know that neither of your Chapters are at full strength. And…Force Commander, that is not…where is Angelos, then?”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus glanced back at her.<br/>
<br/>
“You’re free to fight alongside us if you wish, Canoness. And the Chapter Master is seeing to the hunting of a heretic and a traitor to the Imperium.”<br/>
<br/>
Margaret glanced between the two, then back at the ruins of the column. At least a hundred sisters were dead, the tyranids sacrificing what had to be thousands of bodies in the attack, with many more wounded.<br/>
<br/>
“If you think we are too weak to kill tyranids, you both underestimate the power of our hate and our faith,” she snarled. “SISTERS! PREPARE TO MOVE OUT!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================​</div><br/>
“New Meridian. What a pustule of a place,” Adrastia declared as the call opened, the vox scratchier than normal the closer they got to the Chaos-born Hive World.<br/>
<br/>
The Inquisitor seemed only moderately recovered compared to when last seen. The hololith was from only the neck up, but the interference could do nothing to disguise the total lack of eyes. She’d wound a black cloth over the empty sockets, a silver Inquisitorial Rosette in the middle, but other than that there was not even the slightest hint of a tremble in her voice. Joining her on the call was Captain Carlyle and the Colonel in command of her storm trooper regiment. Admiral Graves had managed to get a few hours of sleep at some point, but the bags beneath his eyes were still deep. This time, too, the Colonels Derosa were attending the call, seeing as they were coming upon what might well be the death of them all one way or the other.<br/>
<br/>
“I won’t deny that. Even for a Hive World it isn’t particularly pretty.”<br/>
<br/>
The closer they’d gotten, the more the scans and probes had been able to detect. Massive cathedrals and edifices dedicated not to the worship of the God-Emperor, but to the blasphemous faith of Chaos. Population estimates ran well into the billions. It was grossly well established, continually pushing cogitator calculations on the age of the planet’s settled history further and further backwards, which therefore only increased the weight of the heresy standing them all in the face. Possibly over a thousand years, the world had been held in the throes of House Vandis, and it was frustratingly unknown at which point Chaos was introduced into the matter, or if even in fact it had been at the beginning.<br/>
<br/>
“Do we have anything on Vandis himself?” Colonel Gabriel Derosa asked.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, plenty,” Admiral Graves rolled his eyes. “Have a listen from what our probes have picked up.”<br/>
<br/>
There was a click, and then the hateful voice of Vandis himself could be heard by all, just as it had when they first entered the blasted system.<br/>
<br/>
“Beloved brothers and sisters, the enemy our family has been preparing against for generations has, finally, come for us all! Do not let yourselves falter before the Gods, however, for we have now been given the chance, the <i>glorious</i> opportunity, to prove ourselves before them! The traitors and chaff have been weeded out, and now only the strong remain! Only you, people of New Meridian, remain! Our mighty vessels wait in orbit to strike their battered and broken ships to scrap! Should any survive to make planetfall, our Vandian Legions are ready to tear them to pieces, prepared! In the name of the Dark Gods, hallowed be they, we-,”<br/>
<br/>
Another click, the voice was gone.<br/>
<br/>
“It goes on like that,” Graves said with a roll of his eyes. “Speeches upon speeches upon speeches. Exhorting the masters he has sold his eternal soul to. Praising his people. Decrying all others as weak or traitors. And so on. So far, as best we can tell, he’s holed up somewhere on the planet. <i>Where</i>, precisely, I cannot say.”<br/>
<br/>
“Charming,” Adrastia said with a sniff. “And the planet’s defenses?”<br/>
<br/>
“This fleet,” Gabriel forwarded the sensor records. “These orbital stations. Anti-orbital lasers, hive spire strength void shields. We had hoped that the toxic wastelands outside the main hives might be better, but the environment there is…severe.”<br/>
<br/>
“I’ve reviewed them, the Chapter Master speaks the truth,” Gabriel Derosa said while shaking his head. “There are numerous anti-orbital defenses there as well, likely specifically in case one wished to attempt planetary bombardment or crust cracking away from the main hives.”<br/>
<br/>
“The Blood Ravens were close to Meridian for a long time,” Justinius spoke up, his arms crossed, “I suspect this may well be because House Vandis knew what a response from a space marine Chapter might take the approach of.”<br/>
<br/>
“Either that, or Exterminatus,” Admiral Graves replied, tapping a finger to his chin. “Could we not still try to deploy down there?”<br/>
<br/>
“Only the space marines could survive in that environment, and while the scans are confused, I suspect there are more than void shield generators and anti-orbital emplacements down there,” Colonel Derosa shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
“We have to take orbit first,” Gabriel declared, “After that, we can try to see to landing. Us Blood Ravens might manage to make landing, but we have several troop transports that cannot afford such aggressive behavior.”<br/>
<br/>
“Fair enough,” Graves nodded. “The defense stations are somewhat spread out, but they're mostly concentrated over the two thirds of the planet that's hive, rather than the wasteland. We've got a little bit of time left before we hit the planet proper."<br/>
<br/>
Auspex scans swiftly confirmed what the probes had hinted at before. The enemy fleet was not too large, not insurmountable by numbers alone, but it was far fresher than the vessels of the Imperials. They had loosely arranged themselves in front of the orbital shipyard, which looked capable of servicing only two cruisers at a time, or perhaps the Grand Cruiser the enemy possessed on its lonesome. Though it was smaller by far than the shipyard over Opus Maxima, it nevertheless weapon batteries of its own that could not be discounted.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>New Meridian Orbital Defenses</u><br/>
1 Retaliator-class Grand Cruiser<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
2 Devastation-class Cruisers <br/>
10 Iconoclast Destroyer Escorts<br/>
10 Orbital Defense Stations (5 Laser, 5 Torpedo)<br/>
1 Small Orbital Shipyard</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>What Is Your Plan, Chapter Master? Choose One:</u><br/>
<i>Moratorium 12 Hours<br/>
GM NOTE: You have 3 Rams, 6 Fire Ships, 1 Vortex Ship To Use At Your Discretion</i><br/>
<br/>
[] Try To Remain At Range: Focus on using lances, attack craft, and the like to try and deal with the enemy ships at a distance, rather than risk getting in close.<br/>
[] Try To Close In: It may be punishing, but what ships are better at close range and danger than those of the space marines?<br/>
[] Try Something More Nuanced: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
AND<br/>
<br/>
[] Hold Back On Using Saharduin Ships<br/>
[] Use Saharduin Ships: Write-In Which Ships Go After Which Targets<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+12 Codiciers, 10 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
37 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Minor Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 1/3)<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
3 Saharduin Ram Ships<br/>
6 Saharduin Fire Ships<br/>
1 Saharduin Vortex Ship<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [1 Regiment's Worth of Casualties Evenly Spread Amongst The 5 Infantry Regiments]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [Extremely Minor Casualties]</li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">500,000~ Saharduin (Piscean Warriors, Alien Crew Members, Engineer Caste, Blood Shamans, Etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Reaverlord Carnax, Khornate Alien Warlord</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>