<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part Five)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 25: Scouring Fury (Part Five)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Reactors Sabatoge Times three</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Reactors Sabatoge Times three<br/>
-[X] Battlegroup Orders<br/>
--[X] Primaris: Pursue New Objective: reactor heart Alpha<br/>
--[X] Secundus: Pursue New Objective: Reactor Heart Beta<br/>
---[X] At leadership's judgment, detach combat liabilities under escort to link back to Quartus's defensive location for recuperation<br/>
--[X] Tertium: Pursue New Objective: Reactor Heart Gamma<br/>
--[X] Quartus: Pursue New Objective: Withdraw to central location to all Reactors that is suitable for evacuation, set up defenses and dig in. Establish beach-head to allow resupply from fleet at next opportunity.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>Scouring Fury<br/>
+060.M42+ To +065.M42+<br/>
+<i>Let Your Fury Scour The Xeno Forevermore+</i></b>​</div> <br/>
One more shot to the temple and the ork nob fell to the ground in a heap. Cyrus racked the slide on his rifle, and huffed another breath before leaning back into cover to avoid the incoming reprisal of wild shots. Other scouts around him did the same, more than well blooded at this point. His vox bead clicked thrice. Trajan Maphar, on the other hand, simply stomped forward into the maelstrom, outright bending slugs and rockets away from him. A snarl on his lips, he wrenched with his hand and sent greenskins flying, sparking lightning traveling between their bodies. With the crash of his staff onto the ground, a tongue of flame splashed over and through them as they tried to rise.<br/>
<br/>
Instead of taking another shot, Cyrus paused as he heard the vox crackle open.<br/>
<br/>
“Cyrus, do you read?”<br/>
<br/>
“Affirmative, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
His cybernetic eye flickered as the mapped tunnels and approaches thus far expanded back outwards. The new targets revealed made him grimace, though his attention was caught by a blinking designator separate from the reactor thermal blooms.<br/>
<br/>
“Sending you a new location now, pull all your forces back and secure it. It is to be our fallback point.”<br/>
<br/>
“Understood. Moving out now.”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Quartus Advance<br/>
70 vs. 40<br/>
</b><br/>
As one, over a hundred Blood Ravens rose up and began firing. Those with more skill and ability advanced, throwing explosives and tossing forward mines at the feet of onrushing charges. Others, like Trajan Maphar and the Chaplain Augustine, found themselves as focal points of the counter assault. Through psychic power and absolute rage, they bulled through mobs, opening the way for the scouts behind them. Tunnels were collapsed behind them as they moved. They were few, at least compared to how many orks surrounded them, but they pushed through all the same. Even the wounded fought on, carried by their fellows or simply ignoring what they’d sustained through bloodied will.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================<br/>​</div><b>Tertium Advance<br/>
91 vs. 23<br/>
</b><br/>
The bloody giant moved, leaving only carnage in his wake. Behind him, the galvanized Blood Ravens tore apart those who remained. His spite was infinite, shrugging off explosions and wounds that would have put other battle brothers on their backs. His crozius swept back and forth, each movement leaving vaporized gore behind. He was flanked by Andrandus and Anchises, their heavy flamers and heavy metal claws tearing apart those who attacked from the sides. Behind them came the Chaplains, the wedge expanding with the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company marines, and further still. A single arrow head that shot its way into the heart of greenskin territory. Before long they could hear the thumping rattles which shook the superstructure for kilometers around.<br/>
<br/>
The cavern had to have been carved out over the course of years, its internals built up slowly but feverishly in the nature of greenskin ‘engineers’. It was massive, with multiple portions seeming to have no discernable purpose whatsoever than because the orks wished them to be. Pistons pounded, electricity visibly thrummed through enormous cabling which snaked in their thousands into the rest of the station. Some, at least. Others were shorted out, broken, or otherwise destroyed. Even as Hannibal watched, entire swarms of gretchin banged on all a manner of things with ridiculously primitive tools. An enormous ork mek stood above it all, his arms shoved into the centermost component’s innards with his tools twitching and clanking about alongside him. At their intrusion into his territory, he tore away from it, leaving sparks flying and mechanical components shattering.<br/>
<br/>
“Oy! You gits ain’t allowed in ‘ere!”<br/>
<br/>
Upon his back, the ork’s tools reconfigured themselves into a pair of shoulder-slung rapid fire cannons.<br/>
<br/>
“NOW GET OUT!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================<br/>​</div><b>Secundus Advance<br/>
50 vs. 7<br/>
<br/>
Rivals<br/>
57 vs. 87</b><br/>
<br/>
“Does anyone have a shot?” Marcus howled over the din of the fighting.<br/>
<br/>
The reactor heart lay before them, its guardians, creators, and masters were more than incensed at their intrusion. Their advance had been faultless, save for the fact that there were now orks which were currently firing at them from the rear and sides. On the other hand, they were not aligned with those at said reactor, their garishly painted banners and emblems still wet from the freshly applied paint giving symbols to their new allegiance. At their head was an ork absolutely frothing at the mouth. He bore no armor save for a few sewn in metal plates in random places. Both hands had been replaced with chain-axes that were the size of a space marine in armor. On the other side of the Blood Ravens, the Big Mek in charge was shooting a multitude of guns including one that shot squigs at him.<br/>
<br/>
“DIS REACTOR IZ OURZ NOW! WE’ZE GONNA TAKE ‘EM, RUN ‘EM, AND DIS PLACE’LL BE ALL OURS!”<br/>
<br/>
The mek just snarled, chewing heavily on its giant cigar, and shifted its fire to center directly on said surgically altered ork.<br/>
<br/>
“Zoggoff Ghraganap! Dis is DOOM-EATER’S reactor, not yurz!”<br/>
<br/>
Ork stormboyz fired upwards and over the Blood Ravens to land amongst the orks defending the reactor, blades flashing as they began to get into the fight. A tunnel tore open and let loose another group of orks bearing Ghraganap’s emblem that crashed into the mek’s mobs from behind. As for the leader himself, he merely scratched at the bloody sides of his scarred head with the hafts of his chain-axes. Then he tilted his entire body in one direction, and then the next. A deep grin split his face to reveal most of his teeth to have been replaced with jagged shards of metal.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh? I don’t hear nobody in me head no more ‘cept me, Zaptoof! Ain’t nobody hearin’ nuffin!”<br/>
<br/>
Marcus turned his head back and forth and sighed.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain, what should we do?” Ares called out in between lascannon blasts fired by the better equipped orks.<br/>
<br/>
He stood, pointing towards another pile of wreckage with less greenskins than anywhere else nearby, ignoring the absolutely hellish amounts of weapons fire being pointed in two directions whipping past his body.<br/>
<br/>
“There! Blood Ravens, with me! Let the orks at one another, we will go around!”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Lateral Shift<br/>
53 vs. 23 vs. 24<br/>
</b><br/>
“Go! Go! Go!”<br/>
<br/>
The wounded were gathered up and moved with them. Those that could still hold a bolter fired them, while those who struggled otherwise helped carry equipment with them. Cassius was last through, the dreadnought firing missiles and spitting assault cannon fire at every ork that tried to follow after. The aggression of the orks was more than sufficient to fill in the gaps. Without the inadvertent bulwark created by the battlegroup, there was nothing to keep them apart. With a gleeful roar, Ghraganap stormed forward, crunching an abandoned heavy bolter beneath his foot as he went. Both axes began whirling as he reached the other orks, laughing all the while even as he was shot at by dozens of Doom-Eater loyalists.<br/>
<br/>
“I’ZE DA BOSS NOW!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Primaris Advance<br/>
24 vs. 79</b><br/>
<br/>
“Falkor!”<br/>
<br/>
“I am working as fast as I can!”<br/>
<br/>
White armor was scored and pitted, and the apothecary cried out in pain as he was badly struck in the shoulder by a rocket. It strained even his superhuman physiology to not ruin the extraction procedure. A hiss announced his success as the reductor vial retracted. With a grunt he threw himself backwards and abandoned the body just before the rockets tore it apart. More exotic ork weaponry turned the area he’d just removed himself from into a smoldering heap. There was almost nothing left behind. The rest of his vials shifted amongst each other, but the gene-seed within remained more than secure. Too many were covered with the blood of his fellow space marines. He glanced to his left to find the only living member of their battlegroup still equipped in scout armor.<br/>
<br/>
“Sergeant Persean, are you wounded as well?”<br/>
<br/>
He had been as unmoving as the dead, but twitched at Falkor’s words.<br/>
<br/>
“No,” he murmured, barely audible over the din. “But they were my squad, and now they are dead.”<br/>
<br/>
Originally, he had been of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company. Then of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>. Reduced, again, back down to 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> as a guardian, instructor, and leader. Yet as Sergeant Persean stared at the smoldering embers of what had once been his squad, he felt only a cold emptiness. He rolled from cover, deathly silent, and began firing his shotgun into the face of the enemy. Breath sucked in and was pumped out rapid pace. Around him, the rest of the battlegroup huddled behind cover. The reactor lay before them, but there was nothing they could do to get closer than they already were. Not with the fatalities they’d already taken. The Chapter Master struck down another ork as it tried to leap over the ridge of bodies and scrap metal, but even he was forced to hunker back down immediately afterwards.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Rally Up<br/>
65 vs. 29</b><br/>
<br/>
Except for Sergeant Persean.<br/>
<br/>
He did not speak. He did not yell. All he did was breath and fire. When he ran out of ammo, he began to batter aside the orks with the butt of his weapon. When it was deformed by the sheer damage dealt to it, he began to use his combat knife. When that was snapped apart in an ork nob’s power klaw, he overturned the ork’s own weapon and caved its head in. Grappling with the body, he nearly tore the trigger out as he twisted its body around to fire it at the enemy with the ork as a shield. His armor buckled and tore apart, but he did not cry out when an ork flamer exploded around him. Instead he threw his burning body into the masses in front of him, catching squig-leather clothes and orkish flesh alike alight.<br/>
<br/>
Distracted as they were, the orks could not have prepared themselves for the rest of the battlegroup to rise up and chase after the erstwhile veteran. A rush from behind broke their morale, even if temporarily, and sent them scattering backwards. Piles of broken machinery, bodies, and debris kept some safe from the Blood Raven reprisal, but not all of them. Least of all, from Sergeant Persean. The space marine leapt after them, hands extended, grasping and tugging rusted chunks of metal, ork knives, ork guns. The orks recoiled at the silent dervish in their midst, and pushed themselves back further, and further still until they fought amongst the still sparking coils and thrumming machinery that made up the massive reactor complex.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Causing Damage<br/>
13 vs 35 vs. 61 vs. 54<br/>
</b><br/>
A series of explosions which tore apart a junction announced the arrival of a Big Mek with a surprisingly prodigious belly. No sooner than he had arrived than did another ork show up in an eye-searing teleportation bloom, their entire upper torso seemingly replaced with crude yet powerful pneumatics and cybernetics. Both possessed a close guard of mechanized orks, their mobs flooding out behind them and immediately opening fire on one another without hesitation. A third group, this one appearing to be an ork boss with an oversized jawbone that openly bulged free of its skin to expose itself to the open air, came roaring down from a dozen hatches in the ceiling and from upper walkways. Ludicrously, a giant missile had been haphazardly strapped to its back to allow it a primitive and dangerous equivalent to a jump pack.<br/>
<br/>
“Oy! Stoppem! De’ze bustin’ up me generators!” Shouted the first of the mek’s in disturbingly earnest dismay.<br/>
<br/>
“We’ll more than that, ya dumb git! This ere generator is gonna feed me babies all the juice dey need to krump <i>all</i> of you gits in line!” Boomed the newly teleported arrival, their makeshift helm and welding mask slamming down to protect them.<br/>
<br/>
“Kaboom! Crash! Kill ‘em all! JUST KILL ‘EM! AHAAHAHA!”<br/>
<br/>
As one, both Big Meks turned, even while shooting kustom shootas at one another.<br/>
<br/>
“SHUT UP KRAKSKULL!”<br/>
<br/>
The ork boss just scowled at them both.<br/>
<br/>
“It’s <i>Megaboss</i> Krakskull, you gits! Now get outta ‘ere Brekabrak! Dis is <i>my</i> generator! Gunna blow it all up, show Doom-Eater whose boss!”<br/>
<br/>
A look of absolute yet inhuman horror spread itself across the mechanically inclined greenskins.<br/>
<br/>
“You <i>idiot</i>!” They shouted in unison, even mirroring each other’s gestures. “Iffin you blow up dis place, da strain to da ‘ol lektrical systems could overload everythin!” Then both meks turned to glare at each other. “Stop copying me!”<br/>
<br/>
Howling in laughter, anger, or mere infinite belligerence, all three ork mobs began to charge at one another, all the while the Blood Ravens fired in every direction as they drove their own spear point in.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================​</div> <br/>
<b>Quartus Securing<br/>
99</b><br/>
<br/>
Cyrus sat on top of a rocky outcropping, carefully checking over his rifle for damage while a bevy of scouts surrounded him. In the distance, in every direction, gunfire could be still heard, but little of it was purposefully directed towards their appropriated hideaway. Without Doom-Eater providing near omniscient tactical direction, as well as information on any and all intruders within ‘his’ domain, the orks were far less capable at sniffing out his scouts and initiates. Well, there were the squigs, but those weren’t too hard to kill if one knew what one was doing.<br/>
<br/>
“Report,” he said over his shoulder, remaining somewhat more focused on his weapon after a quick look at the soot and dirt covered faces of his subordinate brothers.<br/>
<br/>
They all exchanged looks until one of the scout sergeants stepped forward and fell into attention.<br/>
<br/>
“Approaches are watched, secured, and are currently kept free. Tunnels too narrow for proper use have been destroyed or otherwise removed from enemy usage.”<br/>
<br/>
“Enemy alert levels?”<br/>
<br/>
“Maintained at previous levels prior to our arrival. Using recordings and jury rigging them to broadcast regularly through the ork’s own systems was child’s play.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus paused and turned to quirk an eyebrow at the word choice. The sergeant shifted uncomfortably at his Captain’s gaze but did not say or do anything more. After a moment Cyrus relieved them of his expression and turned back to his rifle.<br/>
<br/>
“Very well. Maintain positions and stealth. Any orks that seem to be getting to close, continue ensuring they are attracted elsewhere by our baffles.”<br/>
<br/>
He glanced over at the techmarine potentials, who had been of rather good utility in all of this. The preliminary apprenticing they’d begun doing amongst the other techmarines had turned out to be quite valuable indeed. Then he was forced to wince as a great squeal came across the vox and a horribly familiar voice echoed outwards once more. Though the speaker systems had been damaged, the obsessive nature of the greenskins had ensured that it would still produce the desired effect of its master.<br/>
<br/>
“GRAGGH! YOU BEAKY GITS!” Doom-Eater roared once more, simultaneously stilling every ork still alive within the ship while causing numerous corpses to twitch as their implants sparked. “YOU FINK YOU CAN MAKE DOOM-EATER SILENT!?? NEVER! NOW ALL YOU BOYZ BETTER GET BACK IN LINE AFORE I KRUMP YOU ALL INTO THE NEXT SUN WE RUN INTO OR-,”<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reactor Assaults<br/>
73 vs. 11<br/>
78 vs. 39<br/>
81 vs. 66</b><br/>
<br/>
And then Doom-Eater, ork and vessel both, was silent once more.<br/>
<br/>
All of those within the battlegroup stiffened and held their weapons in even tighter grips as the superstructure of the entire vessel shuddered. Once. Then twice. Then a third time. Only a few moments were between each achingly powerful shudder, and after each the lights flickered on and wildly. Sparks flew from the exposed wiring and cabling throughout the hallways, floors, and ceilings. Aching groans from overstressed metal became explosions that split stone and sent some scouts to the floor. In that same moment, the overcrowded vox – nearly burdened to breaking by the orks broadcasting on all bands – became eerily silent as the very systems the orks were using went silent. Inside, lights clicked on from where they were attached to weapons and armor, providing thin flickering beams of illumination in a suddenly dark battlefield. <br/>
<br/>
None could see it, of course, but in the void, the great burning engines of the Doom-Eater vessel choked, sputtered, and went dark. Energy shields sparked and tore apart, certain projectors and towers that produced individual umbrellas of protective energies overloaded or otherwise simply shut down. Guns that continued to expend ammo in amounts only an ork would consider to be right despite the lack of targets snapped apart or even exploded as overstressed electrical components exploded. Even its gargantuan maw which opened and closed endlessly, having done so since it had first entered the galactic plane, came to a scraping and jarring halt. Though its velocity was as of yet unchanged, there was no longer any guiding force behind it. Even the maneuvering rockets were dry of the energy they so desperately required.<br/>
<br/>
“Well then,” Cyrus murmured with the vaguest surprise in his voice.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Tactical Withdrawals<br/>
81 vs. 80<br/>
73 vs. 28<br/>
46 vs. 6</b><br/>
<br/>
Though the hallways and chambers of Doom-Eater were darkened, soon enough they were lit once more by the lights of thousands of guns and sparks of power weapon fields. Grenades created blooms of heat and death. Vox channels came to life as the Blood Ravens took up communications with one another once more. Reports of firefights and various tactical retreats started to flow as all battlegroups pulled away from their completed objectives and let the orks fight amongst themselves. Reactor Heart Alpha was a completely smoldering ruin, the greatest amount of the work done by the orks themselves rather than anything that the Chapter Master and his personal troops had done. Reactor Heart Beta had fallen similarly, though Captain Marcus had ensured that a number of explosives that had caused a chain reaction were personally planted. Such was his course that his battlegroup tore apart those orks who still lived after the chamber’s self-immolation, ensuring that only the Emperor’s Angels of Death were left alive there for a long time to come.<br/>
<br/>
In Reactor Heart Gamma, Hannibal Palrun personally threw the Big Mek in charge of maintenance and protection into the central-most components – the heart of the heart – which slew both master and machine in a single stroke that set off rippling overloads for over two kilometers around.<br/>
<br/>
All that the orks could use to track one another was the sheer violence they were unleashing. Which, as was their nature, was more than enough. The Blood Ravens, however, had no such controlling compulsion. They shifted, moved, and in a manner that would likely frustrate certain other Chapters and elements of the Imperium, outright avoided fighting. More than enough fighting was offered up, as the greenskins fell upon each other with glee. An utterly unknowable amount of grudges, anger, and simple desire to fight after being kept from doing so ‘properly’ for so long had been unleashed. With the reactors dead, in two of three cases destroyed beyond repair, the chance for Doom-Eater to retake control through his older methods had been utterly denied to him.<br/>
<br/>
Steadily, carefully, the Blood Ravens began to arrive. Cyrus and his scouts provided overwatch. Through scope and laser targeters to illuminate the darkness, they guided their fellow space marines in. First were the most wounded, those remaining most capable of fighting residing at the rear guard. But still they came on and through. Still dripping with the gore of the dead, the Master of Sanctity ordered a path cleared for him and the rest of his brothers. Elsewhere, the apothecaries were hustled through another tunnel from other battlegroups, hoarding the precious gene-seed. Soon enough, even the Chapter Master came, one hand around his thunder hammer and the other dragging the comatose Sergeant Persean, still smoldering.<br/>
<br/>
“Here we are,” Hannibal growled, hefting two wounded battle brothers over his shoulders as he pushed his way into the secured cavern. “You will not die today, brothers. Not today.”<br/>
<br/>
“Cyrus.”<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos was a mighty warrior, it could not be said otherwise. But his armor sagged, chipped and scarred by the more exotic weaponry available to ork meks. His face had taken a bolter round, the wound already on its way to healing. The rest of the battlegroup, those still alive, showed the same and worse. Apollo would require apothecary attentions, but the same could be said for many, many more. In fact, by the end of the accounting, the Blood Ravens would discover that there was, in truth, not a single one among their number – excluding the scouts and neophytes – who was not wounded. Even the dreadnoughts were not left untouched.<br/>
<br/>
“With the reactors destroyed, their shields and defense cannons cannot function,” Cyrus nodded approvingly. “We can call in the fleet now, commit to cyclonic blasts to crack this place open.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed,” Gabriel nodded, “But first, we need to get out. Extraction is now our top priority.”<br/>
<br/>
Cyrus shrugged and revealed a detonator from beneath his cloak. A single click was all that was required before a solid sixty seconds of continual explosions rang out. An entire series of walls slid away, vaporized or removed. Load-bearing sections fell inwards. Those passages that had initially led into the captured cavern where the sum total of the vast majority of Blood Ravens resided were sealed. Only one path led out, straight to a launch bay previously cleared in the past. Cyrus noted that there would be negative reports for those scouts who flinched even though they <i>knew</i> where they were planting their explosives.<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t remember ordering you to prep such a route,” Gabriel noted idly.<br/>
<br/>
“It is better to prepare an exit plan than not,” Cyrus shrugged. “In this case, our exit will, hopefully, not require our deaths.”<br/>
<br/>
Sometimes, Cyrus knew, even Deathwatch Kill Teams died to ensure success.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================<br/>​</div>The universe swam in and out. Multicolored monsters and images flickered beneath fluttering eyelids. In the distance, he heard the beating heart of reality, stuttering but constant.<br/>
<br/>
“It has been ten hours. All life threatening wounds have been healed as best as possible. He is stable as we can make him without prolonged hearing time. Revival commencing.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian’s eyes snapped open as he tore free of the restraints keeping him strapped to the medical slab. He made it halfway to standing position before twin hisses announced the introduction of tranquilizers. Snarling, he struggled mightily against both of the apothecaries holding onto his arms. Ten seconds passed before the aggression filtered out of his system and he blinked, his mind chemically cleared. The smell of charnel flesh and gun smoke which had clogged his mind in suspended animation was replaced, his brain processing the scent of antiseptic and sterilized materials. The Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> breathed hard, looking back and forth across the apothecarium of the <i>Omnis. </i>Nero Gracchus glared at him with his helmet removed, showing, for once, his amber eyes. They were narrowed nearly to slits.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain. Are you properly cognizant?”<br/>
<br/>
The tone was rather sarcastic, but Hadrian elected to take it as full sincerity.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes.”<br/>
<br/>
He shifted slightly, only to stop as the grips on his body refused to budge.<br/>
<br/>
“You can let go of me, Chief Apothecary.”<br/>
<br/>
Nero rolled his eyes and stepped back, letting the thoroughly wounded Captain to stand freely. His body still wept blood, but the vast majority of his wounds were clotted and what bones could be knitted back together had been. The Chief Apothecary very deliberately did not help as Hadrian immediately collapsed to one knee, breathing hard. He gurgled and spat out some clotted blood, one thoroughly scarred hand grasped at the slab to drag himself up to his feet. Second by second he felt the tremors in his body cease and he, in turn, glared back at Nero, who simply shrugged.<br/>
<br/>
“Thank you, Nero,” Hadrian said through gritted teeth. “So…much.”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course,” Nero nodded slightly. “Do you need anything else? I, personally, would recommend you return to bed rest until your wounds can heal properly.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian began stomping away. Coincidentally he also happened to aggravate a number of his wounds by doing so, but he would be damned and before the Golden Throne itself before he would ever admit it.<br/>
<br/>
“I’m heading to the command throne. Is the fleet ready to move?”<br/>
<br/>
“Of course,” Nero called out after him. "Not that <i>you</i> are, but don't let <i>me</i> stop you."<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Collected Results Of Phase 5</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>- Warboss Tactical Possibilities: Exterminatus Weaponry/Deep Strike Teleporters/Strike Force Penetration Through Mundane Means<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Orks show high amount of 'advanced' weaponry and armors, and significant coordination through Doom-Eater communications.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: 2 Reactor Hearts Permanently Destroyed/1 Reactor Heart Deactivated By Damage.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Ork communications completely disrupted and destroyed. Psychic predictions state that it is likely that Doom-Eater may extricate himself to reassert authority personally. <br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Doom-Eater Defenses Deactivated.<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: Blood Ravens Fleet Active, Movement/Deployment Capable<br/>
- Tactical Consideration: All Non-Quartus Blood Ravens Injured, Splitting Up Battlegroups = Suboptimal Results Highly Likely<br/>
- New Notable Character Revealed: Veteran Scout Sergeant Persean, 10th Company/1st Company/3rd Company. [Murderous Guardian/Silent Dervish]<br/>
<br/>
Current Possible Tactical Targets Of Station:<br/>
- Engine Sectors Alpha/Beta/Gamma<br/>
- Anti-Orbital Defenses </b><a class="link link--external" href="http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/Ork_Fleet_Weapons" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank"><b>Include</b></a><b>: Looted Imperial Broadside Cannons/Scattered Orkish Lance Turrets/Ork 'Heavy Gunz'/Ork 'Gunz'/Ork Torpedo Bays [Increased Accuracy And Knowledge Provided]<br/>
- Energy Shield Projector Points Located, Destruction Would Allow Bombardment If Anti-Orbital Weaponry Removed.<br/>
- ‘Maw Of Gork (Or Mork)’ Additional Characteristic Revealed: Fleet Deployment Capabilities<br/>
- Construkta Yard Gamma<br/>
- Depths Of Doom-Eater [Precise Location Of Warboss Unknown]<br/>
<br/>
Battlegroup Primaris [All Injured But Functional]</b><br/>
Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Honor Guard [Captain Doukas/Chaplain Volkoss/Apothecary Falkor]<br/>
15 1st Company marines<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant<br/>
1 Apothecary [Carrying 18 Gene-Seed]<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
Techmarine Quarius Zergan and 3 other Techmarines, 3 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities</u><br/>
9 Scouts of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Secundus [All Injured But Functional]</b><br/>
Captain: Marcus Crixus TH<br/>
Company Champion: Uriel Hamul TH<br/>
Epistolary: VACANT<br/>
Apothecary: Constantius Romallius TH [26 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain: Ares Actus TH<br/>
10 1st Company<br/>
30 Unassigned marines from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span><br/>
2 1st Company Dreadnoughts<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10th Company<br/>
2 Apothecaries<br/>
Chaplain Ravias/Chaplain<br/>
Techmarine Hestior/2 other Techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer)<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brothers Cassius<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities:</u><br/>
1 Techmarine<br/>
15 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines [Unassigned]<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brother Brutus<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Tertium [All Injured But Functional]</b><br/>
Hannibal Palrun<br/>
24 1st Company Marines<br/>
40 unassigned marines from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span><br/>
2 1st Company Dreadnoughts<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant and 9 Scouts from the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company<br/>
2 Apothecaries [4 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain Antonius/2 Chaplains<br/>
Techmarine Calus/Techmarine Daedal/2 Techmarines, 2 Rapiers (Heavy Bolter and Laser-Destroyer)<br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Tomb-Brothers Adrandus/Anchises<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities</u>:<br/>
N/A<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlegroup Quartus</b><br/>
Captain: Cyrus Octavius<br/>
Epistolary: Trajan Maphar<br/>
Apothecary: Marius Astophiles [10 Gene-Seed Reclaimed]<br/>
Chaplain: Augustine<br/>
1 Apothecary<br/>
6 Scout Sergeants<br/>
Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]: 0<br/>
Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]: 60<br/>
Neophytes [2nd Stage]: 125<br/>
(Specialist Neophytes [2nd Stage]: 0 Apothecary/2 Chaplain/9 Techmarine)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured But Functional</u><br/>
35 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]<br/>
45 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]<br/>
1 Scout Sergeant<br/>
1 Chaplain Neophyte<br/>
3 Techmarine Neophytes<br/>
<br/>
<u>Fatalities</u><br/>
21 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]<br/>
5 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage]<br/>
<br/>
<b>Battlefleet Blood Raven</b><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Gladius Frigate Destroyed [4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Minor Damage Across All 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Escort Ships</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Burning Seeker</i> Has Taken Notable Damage (Starboard/Port/Rear Weapon Arrays/Engines) [4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Spiraling Fury</i> Has Taken Minor Internal Damage [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 <i>Faith’s Horizon </i>Gunship Thunderhawk Destroyed [10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2 <i>Howling Hatred </i>Gunship Thunderhawks Destroyed [10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 <i>Omnis Arcanum </i>Gunship Thunderhawks Destroyed [1st Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Minor Damage Across Remaining 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Escorts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Minor Damage Across 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Escorts</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Nova Frigate Destroyed [10th Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Gladius Frigate Destroyed [1st Company]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Legacy of Polonius</i> Lance Array Destroyed, Will Require Repairs.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Scientia Est Potentia</i> Has Taken Significant Damage To Hull/All Weapons Arrays/Command Deck. Multiple points in hull penetrated by boarding torpedoes and drills. Currently undergoing patching and sealing. [4th Company]</li>
</ul> <br/>
Captain: Hadrian Priscus [<b>Cannot Commit To Personal Combat]</b><br/>
Company Champion: Trexus Nubius [Bears Power Axe/Power Fist Dual Combination] TH<br/>
Epistolary: Nero Achillian [Bears Psychic Hood/Raven's Aegis Talisman] [Farseer/Daemonologist]<br/>
Apothecary: Caesar<br/>
Chaplain: Ateren [Powerful Bionic Arm/Leg]<br/>
<br/>
Company Strength: 77% Strength (53% Effective)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Additional Members</u><br/>
Chief Apothecary Nero Gracchus/Apothecary<br/>
1 Chaplain<br/>
Master of the Forge Martellus Ravias/3 Techmarines/<br/>
<br/>
<u>Veteran Sergeants</u>:<br/>
- 5 1st Company Veterans TH<br/>
- 5 4th Company Veterans<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured And Functional</u><br/>
30 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Space Marines<br/>
All Tarantula Sentry Turrets<br/>
<br/>
<u>Injured And Non-Functional</u><br/>
20 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Space Marines<br/>
Captain Hadrian Priscus [Left Arm Requires Bionic Replacement]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Dreadnought Notation</u><br/>
3 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Space Marines Interred In Dreadnought Frames [3 Dreadnought Frames Used, 1 Remaining In Armory]<br/>
- Brother Relian<br/>
- Brother Aeneas<br/>
<b>- Brother Polites [Newly Revived]<br/>
- Brother Turnus [Newly Revived]<br/>
- Brother Mezentius [Newly Revived]</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<b>Phase 5 Orders:</b><br/>
[] Blood Raven Ground Force Orders<br/>
-[] Evacuate To Launch Bay For Retrieval By Fleet<br/>
-[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
AND<br/>
<br/>
[] Blood Raven Fleet Orders<br/>
- [] Retrieve Blood Raven Ground Forces, Then Commence Exterminatus<br/>
- [] Something Else (Write-In)</div>
  </body>
</html>