<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 3 (Part Two): Ragged Yet Unbroken</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 3 (Part Two): Ragged Yet Unbroken</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><i>GM NOTE: I am...just, so tired right now. Here's this, if there's issues I'll fix them...whenever it is I wake up. </i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Ragged Yet Unbroken<br/>
+998.M41+<br/>
+While the enemies of the Emperor still draw breath, there can be no peace+</b>​</div> <br/>
While you deal with the Chapter proper, what meagre forces the Blood Ravens possess go out yet again to safeguard the Imperium’s interests in Subsector Aurelia. The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company which…currently does not possess a Captain, is directed down to the Calderis surface though due to your proximity in the <i>Arcanum</i> you can direct the battle as you see fit from orbit. As for the troubles facing Meridian, Tarkus takes the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Companies to the Hive World to aid Governor Derosa. She has been a constant ally to the Chapter after Vandis’s treachery was revealed, and the Blood Ravens cannot afford to lose what few allies they possess in these dark and uncertain days.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">[Meridian Task Force Warp Travel: 91/100]<br/>​</div>It is honestly a miracle that all the rapid warp travel between the various worlds of the Subsector that occurred during the Aurelian Crusades did not end in disaster at least once. On the other hand, Aramus only possessed a single Strike Cruiser and two escort vessels at the time, thereby reducing the profile of his journeys. The same cannot be said for the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company as they make their way to Meridian. All those ships open up numerous rends in purplish pink space before disappearing…and reappearing with quite impressive speed indeed with no major losses. Worryingly, however, a message from Epistolary Maphar indicates that the Gellar Fields were certainly being strained more than he would find ‘normal’. You find yourself in the unenviable place of wondering if the activity at the Eye of Terror is capable of affecting the warp even here.<br/>
<br/>
But then they got down to business. While Cyrus is still training the Aspirants that does not mean he is not on the ship itself, and so he is able to coordinate with Tarkus who takes command of the ground forces of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company as well as the recently made full Battle Brother Jacobus who leads the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. According to Cyrus, he was most put out that almost immediately after becoming a full space marine that he was instructed by Cyrus and Tarkus to take off his new armor and put his scout armor back on. At the least such dissatisfaction was mitigated by being granted use of one of the few relics your Chapter has left – which silenced all protests immediately.<br/>
<br/>
The Governor’s Palace Gardens were graced by the arrival of the Thunderhawks of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, and after a short meeting with Governor Derosa and Epistolary Maphar careful plan was established. Starting from the Palace, Tarkus and Brother Jacobus would thoroughly enforce order through bolter fire and more until the entire Upper Hive was fully reclaimed. The 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, led by Tarkus, would move openly against the enemy while the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company would make use of their training to stealthily destroy Traitor Guard depots and assassinate Rebel Leaders.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">--------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>​</div>“Derosa the Drudge is nothing but a pretender! Listening to her lies is an affront to the Emperor, my brothers!”<br/>
<br/>
Dozens of medals clinked wildly against the former PDF general as he strode back and forth across the stage, watched by the thousands of his troops directly and the tens of thousands more through pict-capture broadcasts. With one hand he absentmindedly brandished his solid gold plated bolt pistol, and in the other he alternatively fist pumped or performed all a manner of jerky movements.<br/>
<br/>
“When our <i>true</i> Lord, Governor Vandis, left to personally secure support for Meridian, what did his supposedly faithful Administrator do?! She claimed that he was a traitor himself, and took forcible command of this world! Well I say, no more!”<br/>
<br/>
The cheers were deafening from the PDF troopers as they raised their arms and howled at the damn common-blooded creature who lurked in the Governor’s Palace as if it were her own.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, I have heard your concerns over our alliances with the Traitor Guard, those who serve Chaos, but fear not, my wonderful warriors, as soon as Derosa is deposed, and Vandis returns as promised with <i>true</i> Imperial Allies and not the traitorous and tainted <i>Blood Ravens</i>,” he sneered at the name of the Chapter, a sneer matched and eclipsed by hisses and booing, “We shall be rewarded ten-fold! Then, <i>then</i> we can fight those bastards, and bring them to heel. But for now, our true enemy is Derosa! Death to Derosa!”<br/>
<br/>
“Death to Derosa!” went the cry, nearly shaking the ground itself from the volume.<br/>
<br/>
Which was why no one noticed the first few bombs going off. Or why, from a full two miles away, Jacobus sternly instructed the Scout who lay on his belly to take the shot. Who promptly, despite possessing a holy sniper rifle alongside training and abilities far above a simple human being, missed, only the volume of the crowd preventing anyone from noticing the shot go wide or that there had been a shot at all. Growling, Jacobus pulled his<i> own</i> weapon off of his back and fired himself. Even if it had been a simple mortal human the shot was easy enough, and so with a single high pitched whine and ‘thump’ one of the most popular rebel general’s found that just about everything from the pectorals up exploded into a rain of gore to the horrified screams of his army.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, they screamed more when the rest of the bombs went off and plunged them all into a wild firestorm of promethium. The scent of thousands of traitors burning to death was a sweet scent indeed.<br/>
<br/>
“We aren’t done here, scout marine. We have more traitors to kill.”<br/>
<br/>
Then they were gone, though across the Upper Hives whole teams of scouts were performing similar actions. Sniper rifles boomed, trapped roadways obliterated marching enemy armored columns, and leaders found themselves getting stabbed in the neck by one particularly annoyed Brother Jacobus who could not <i>believe</i> that he had gotten to worn his new armor for approximately ten minutes before being told to take it off again for likely an entire campaign. He wasn’t even that opposed to wearing the scout carapace again, he knew he was good at it, but it didn’t stop him from being <i>annoyed</i>.<br/>
<br/>
So he took it out on the enemy. Again. And again. And again. The Unseen Demise of the Vain <i>indeed</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">-----------------------------------<br/>​</div>“Is this correct, Brother Maphar?” Tarkus knew that it was likely the truth, but he still wanted the Librarian to confirm it for him audibly.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes, Brother Tarkus. Under Brother Jacobus, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company is frankly tearing both the rebels and the Traitor Guard apart. He is showing a surprising grasp of command of the scouts, though that may be due to him having <i>been</i> one a mere moment ago. And with them faltering, the Black Legion forces remaining on the planet have begun to move…”<br/>
<br/>
The Epistolary’s eyes shuttered closed as he hummed, and Tarkus leaned back slightly as psychic light whipped and frayed the air about the psyker.<br/>
<br/>
“Yes. They are not moving up, they are moving <i>down</i>. Into the lower hives, where they will be almost utterly hidden by the sheer volume of life and filth down there. Even my own abilities may not be enough. Already they are taxed…they may have psykers of their own,” Gracchus frowned.<br/>
<br/>
The Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company frowned as well, and turned away to gaze at the charnel abattoir that the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company had crafted out of the largest of the Traitor Guard encampments. A heavily tainted Leman Russ tank with sigils drawn out in blood and other bodily fluids that had burned with unnatural light had been flipped entirely onto its side before having a hole blasted through its underside, and it was at that tank that Tarkus narrowed his eyes.<br/>
<br/>
“No. No mere psykers could have granted the Traitor Guard these kinds of tainted and darkly empowered arms. The Black Legion has with them a Sorcerer.”<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>“Well then. We must pursue them then.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed, Librarian. We cannot allow a Sorcerer to have <i>time</i> to do anything. At the least, our efforts here have reclaimed the Upper Hives. If Derosa and Merrick cannot maintain order here then they are not the same allies they were during the Aurelian Crusades.”<br/>
<br/>
And so the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company began to march, soon joined by a 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company that melted out of the shadows to join them.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Upper Hives Reclaimed, Traitor Guard and Rebel Guard Largely Defunct (Clean Up Operations Available)<br/>
Black Legion descending to Lower Hives of Meridian, Signs Point To Leader Being A Sorcerer (Unconfirmed)<br/>
5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> and 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company in pursuit. </b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
---------------------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
[Calderis Task Force – Perceiving The Warp (Tyranids): 85]<br/>
[Calderis Task Force – Perceiving The Warp (Feral Orks): 31]<br/>
[Calderis Task Force – Perceiving The Warp (Non-Feral Orks): 9]<br/>​</div>The warp was not very compliant, Justinius mused, but he was no mere Epistolary. He was the Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens, and if the warp would not be compliant he would <i>make it</i> so. A dangerous procedure and a potentially fatal one – but that was the nature with all things relating to that twisting realm. While his eyes saw beyond the Materium’s boundaries his hands tapped and wrote, scrawling the nature of what he saw. Much of it would have to be discarded, obviously, for wild whispers and meaningless babble, but there would be a few kernels of truth here and there.<br/>
<br/>
The tyranids…though feral they might be compared to a true Splinter or even Hive Fleet had slowly begun to concentrate at one of the last vestiges of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Aurelian Crusade. Biomass gathered from across the planet had been dragged to the pits there…and Justinius did not like the way he could feel nodal creatures congregating there. The towers that the tyranids would have used to harvest the planet were never fully completed, but the remains of one…deep in the eastern desert where no Calderisian tread, even the hardiest, traveled. Yes, that was where the tyranids were based. They could not be allowed to fully reconnect a synaptic web, even one made up of just synapse forms. They could not afford another Tyrant or worse, whatever that…<i>thing</i> was that the Cadian’s slew.<br/>
<br/>
Of the feral orks, they were far too chaotic to garner any true information on their goals. On the other hand, being orks ascribing much beyond looking for a fight was not worth much. Still, Argus was one of the last remaining settlements on Calderis and its tens of thousands of inhabitants had been largely eclipsed by the number of refugees coming in from all across the world – pushed there by ork and tyranid threats. They had claimed some of the hardy cliffs far to the northeast of Argus, and made their fortress there.<br/>
<br/>
Of the infamous Kaptin Bluddflag however…he could find no sign. Or rather, he found plenty of signs, but none that pointed to the location of the Freebooter. Instead, it seemed as if the Kaptin had been all over the planet, visiting numerous feral ork encampments and leaving shortly after. He hadn’t assaulted either Argus or any of the other struggling human settlements nor had he attacked the tyranids. Justinius did not like it. An ork capable of <i>not</i> immediately pursuing the largest possible target did not engender the best thoughts for the future. As it was, the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company would have to deal with what targets that could be examined and planned for.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
---------------------------------------------​</div> <br/>
Macharius rubbed his chin at the sight of the charging horde of greenskins. Slightly turning his head, the slug that would have clipped him instead bounced off of his left pauldron and then into who knew where. The devastator sergeant rolled his neck before grunting and then heaving both heavy bolters upwards with a groan of his bionics. Behind him, a bevy of tired looking serfs lugged forward the ammo for the holy weapons so that he could rapidly reload. All around him the rest of his devastators readied their own weapons, largely rapid fire weaponry. The feral’s had no armored units worth considering, and so they had prepared accordingly.<br/>
<br/>
“Battle Brothers of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company! Let us remind these pathetic wastes of flesh that Calderis is now, and forever, a world of the <i>Imperium!</i>”<br/>
<br/>
“LET NONE FIND US WANTING!” he bellowed, a cry taken up by the rest of his brothers.<br/>
<br/>
Then he pressed the firing studs, as did three full squads of veteran 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Devastator Marines. While he could easily lift and wield two heavy bolters with ease, others were not so capable, yet on the whole…more than two dozen heavy bolters fired at about the same time.<br/>
<br/>
It was curiously enjoyable to watch orks quite nearly evaporate when enough bolter rounds struck them.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">--------------------------------------------<br/>​</div>Argus was where almost everyone had gone, but of the four other remaining fiefdoms left on Calderis, Lord Astoph surely felt that it was his beloved land that was under the most assault. As evidenced by the chitin covered beasts of the stars. It was said that the Angels fought them before and drove them away, but he was not so sure. Of course, it was blasphemy to doubt the Angels, they of the Bloody Raven, but he had seen so much <i>death</i> in the past decade since his father fell. Still, he refused to falter, not here, not when there were so few of his people left. A crash against the gates to the keep, however, made him flinch. It had seemed a good idea at the time to join the front, to prove to the people that their leaders were no cowards, but now he was <i>trapped</i> and he was going to <i>die</i> here, just like his father had. Where were the Angels?<br/>
<br/>
Then the gates crashed again, and a mail covered hand clasped his shoulder.<br/>
<br/>
“Take heart, lad, we’ll show them they shall find no wimpering prey,” his oldest friend and Master of Arms said with a smile.<br/>
<br/>
“I..I hope so, Karl. I just…there were so <i>many</i>…”<br/>
<br/>
Karl, a man thirty years his senior and the magnificent beard to prove it, sighed and clapped his shoulder one last time before unsheathing his sword. Even now it glowed with the strange light of its makers, the holy Bloody Angels. Granted to his family almost three centuries ago. Astoph shook his head and readied himself as well, gazing out at the walls where even now desperate armsmen fired arrows and slung stones uselessly against the creatures facing them. They had learned early on that there was little they had that could face them, but it was symbolic really, to show that they refused to give up.<br/>
<br/>
Then a blast of light was heard and Astoph sucked his teeth slightly at the sight of the foreign monster’s magic as a green and white ball of <i>death</i> struck part of the wall, melting a dozen men and a hefty chunk of the wall itself. The deafening clattering and hissing from outside the walls that had been a backdrop to his sleep for the past few days grew louder.<br/>
<br/>
“Well,” Karl mused, “That’s not heartening.”<br/>
<br/>
“How can you be so…calm?! We’re about to die!?”<br/>
<br/>
“Then we die in the name of the Bloody Ravens and the holy Emperor,” Karl shrugged. “Chin up lad, they’ll probably make it quick.”<br/>
<br/>
The gate crunched again, and again, and Astoph helplessly shut his eyes when it finally exploded inward in a splash of splinters and charging monsters.<br/>
<br/>
“For the Emperor!” Karl shouted, and then they charged in.<br/>
<br/>
Or they would have, had a giant metal <i>thing</i> not slammed into the leading monsters from beyond the stars, had huge slabs of itself pop outwards to pulp more of them, and then-<br/>
<br/>
“The Angels!” he shouted despite himself. “The Angels are here!”<br/>
<br/>
Light so bright it nearly blinded him flew from their weapons and where the Angels strode, the beasts fell. One of the holy giants strode towards them, pausing only to dodge a swiping claw that could have bisected two men and kicked outward, sending it flying. A strange tube of glowing metal – almost crossbow like only far larger – rose up and from it spat a wondrously cleansing light which struck the monster’s head and practically disintegrated it.<br/>
<br/>
Then the Angel was there, standing in front of them.<br/>
<br/>
“The Emperor protects,” it uttered, and then turned away to continue the battle. Words, words he did not understand then flowed from the Angel as it descended into the carnage, and Karl had to help him to his feet.<br/>
<br/>
Lord Astoph did not know what a ‘Thunderhawk’ was or why they were performing various maneuvers elsewhere that he did not see, but he could only assume that they were being helpful. He had already known that his sometime rival and sometime ally in Lord Sarkiss had been overwhelmed not a month ago by this same horde which was now being destroyed in front of his very eyes.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">----------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>​</div>“Positions marked. Feral Ork encampments confirmed by 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company recon efforts and that the Chief Librarian.”<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian nodded from the Throne, twitching slightly at the still unfamiliar connectors making him so much more than a simple space marine. Making him a <i>Battle Barge</i>. Only not. It was…confusing to his mind, but he had faith he would adapt. He <i>had</i> to. The Chapter Master had entrusted him as such.<br/>
<br/>
“Tyranid bio-form concentrations confirmed as well. Positions marked,” said another helmsman without looking up from his console.<br/>
<br/>
“So be it,” the Master of the Fleet intoned. “Let Calderis taste cleansing fire.”<br/>
<br/>
Bombardment weapons across the entire 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Fleet opened up, and warmed in the stark void above the slowly spinning world beneath them. The largest battle barge in the Chapter, accompanied by two strike cruisers, imperiously gazed through cogitators and firing solutions at the desert planet. Then, a twitch, a signal, a command unspoken through their Master, and they began to fire. Entire orkish encampments were scorched to slag within moments, while the tyranids found their precious collections of bio-mass torched into nonexistence.<br/>
<br/>
Then the second salvo fired.<br/>
<br/>
Then the third.<br/>
<br/>
“We have time,” Hadrian murmured wryly. “Why not make it thorough?”<br/>
<br/>
<b>4/5 of remaining Calderis’s Feudal Zones Protected. 1 of 5 Destroyed [Signs point to presence of slug throwing weaponry and vehicles, indicating presence of Kaptin Bluddflag]. Tyranids greatly reduced in number due to heavy orbital bombardment. Feral orks greatly reduced in number due to heavy orbital bombardment. </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Meridian Tactical Command</u><br/>
[] Write In<br/>
<u>Calderis Tactical Command</u><br/>
[] Write In</div>
  </body>
</html>