<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 15 Results - 2477</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 15 Results - 2477</h2>


Spoiler: Winning Vote



[*] Plan Protector Of Stirland
-[*][Intel] Special Branch: Pull some financial trickery to get the information network classified as part of the Watch, so that their costs are covered by the Stirlandian treasury.
-[*][Watch] Expand the Watch into a new county or barony (choose which) (No Budgetary Impact due to expanded Gong Farming)
--[*] Drakenhof
-[*][Free] Abelhelm left you with a list of notarized names. Pass them on to your Master and let the fireworks fly. (does not take an action)
-[*][Personal] As above, but insist on being a part of whatever happens.
-[*][Free] It may be a moot point, but you can still send off the entirety of information gathered on undead types in Sylvania to your string-pullers. (does not take an action)
-[*][Free] Buy out half of Markus' shares in the EIC. (does not take an action; increases your debt to Stirland)
-[*][Personal] Financial Jargon: Everything with the EIC flew right over your head last time. Try again. Succeeding here will mean that you can take a more active hand in the company, adding it to the organizational actions; failing or not attempting means Mathilde will remain a silent partner.
-[*][Personal] Practice, Practice, Practice: Having been thrown into the deep end of imperial politics, it would probably be a good idea to brush up on your skills and internalize the lessons you've learned (choose which trait; can be taken multiple times; will be more effective if you've used the trait a lot lately).
--[*] Martial
--[*] Diplomacy
-[*][Personal] Stirland Watch: Work alongside Jack to administer the Watch. Choose another Organizational Action for the Watch.
--[*] Ranald is the God of Thieves, yes, but he's also the God of protecting the common folk. It's worth a shot, right?
---[*]Ranald's Blessing
-[*][Overwork] Stirland Watch: Work alongside Jack to administer the Watch. Choose another Organizational Action for the Watch.
--[*] Set up saltpeter production facilities and call in favours to bring a dwarvern expert in. (-1 Budget Point, -2 Dwarf Favours) (NEW)
-[*][Social] Free Time: Now well-established in Wurtbad, you can spend some time in your scant off hours getting to know someone better. Pick one character. (does not take an action)
--[*] Kasmir



---

The expression on your Master's face as you gave him the decrypted list of names on top of the information garnered from Sylvania is gratifying - an instant of complete shock before being replaced by calculation. He opens his mouth to ask a question, then closes it again as his calculations skip ahead. He almost turns into a different person, when he's working for real instead of focused on being your Master, and the glimpses you get used to terrify you and now inspire you.

"I want to be involved in- in whatever happens now," you say firmly.

"Do you now?" your Master says, his eyes still locked onto the list of names you gave him. "Well, I would hope you're ready for it, because what happens now is a great deal of murder. Of the..." he scans the list. "Fifty-three names here, thirty-nine will die as a direct result of you handing this list to me."

Despite all you've seen and done, you're still shocked, but refuse to show it. "Very well. Give me my half."

He laughs, and long-dormant reflexes come to the fore as you duck his attempt to ruffle your hair. "Half? Not a task for a journeywoman. I'll be calling in a number of favours to go through the list in a timely manner. But if you insist..." he gives the list another look through. "Here. A peer of yours. Dame Sofia Hoffman, right here in Altdorf."

---

You did this a hundred times in your teenage years. Your Master picked a random citizen, and you tailed them for a week or two, learning as much as you could about them and then coming up with plans to kidnap, kill, or suborn them. But you never actually went through with it.

You've seen a lot of bloodshed since then, and caused your fair share of it and then some. Cold-blooded murder was not that far from the evils you'd paid unto evil in the past. You remind yourself of this often as you tail the young noblewoman, learning every intimate detail of her life. Her oddly formal and stilted relationship with her husband, her mornings sharing breakfast with young ladies of similar stature in the cafes of upper-class Altdorf, the needlework she's terrible at but perseveres at gamely. Nearly every detail of her life speaks of a normal girl of the middle nobility living a normal middle nobility life. The only missteps in her act are when she takes one of her friends aside for a brief but intense conversation, or the letters she pens in the middle of the night and then leaves wedged in a crack in the brickwork of her husband's manor.

You don't even know what crime she's complicit in, save that it snared a Grey Wizard and forced him to send his apprentice to Stirland to act as their catspaw. You spend many days wondering whether that's enough, and in the end, you decide that it is. That, and that this is what Abelhelm knew would happen when he gave you that list of names.

Luckily she doesn't share a bedroom with her husband. That would make things difficult.

It had been some local festival or another, celebrating Sigmar if you had to guess, and she had partaken rather heavily in Bretonnian wines. There were a thousand different ways you could gain entry, but in the end you opted for walking on thin air up to a third-floor window that had been left open. The house staff were all out enjoying the festival in their own way, and the guards were all at the entrances. The only ones within the depths of the house were you and your target. You walk the halls of the manor like a ghost, pausing to admire the occasional painting.

Finally, you reach the bedroom she has ensconced herself within, led by the sound of light singing. You slip silently into the room and observe your target as she tries clumsily to undo the intricate style her hair is bound in, and when she finally spots you in the mirror it's far too late. She tries to shriek, but Ulgu shrouds her in silence for just long enough. She stares at you in terror.

"Tell me of your society and of your fellows within it, and you can live," you lie.

Thankfully, she's too terrified to deny it. Information tumbles out, and you take mental notes. At first, a social club. Deeper, an organization for the mutual benefit of its members, trading favours in society. Deeper still, odd little rituals that bring luck and favour from frowned-upon Gods, tip-toeing on the edge of blasphemy in a manner designed to thrill, and you frown to hear Ranald mentioned. And deepest yet, the layer this woman exists within: scandalous and titillating rituals to a grab-bag of truly forbidden gods, to Khaine, to Stromfels, to Gunndred and Ahalt. What next, you wonder? Do they take the final terrible step into the worship of Chaos, or is all this designed to filter out those who would balk and drag people deep in before revealing to them their vampiric masters? Or is this a strange hybrid of chaotic and vampiric, or an intersection of two separate societies? Or did one suborn the other?

It doesn't matter, not really. The cure is the same. The woman spills names and levels in the cult, and you memorise them eagerly. And as the last name hangs in the air and the woman is babbling pleas for her life, you inhale Ulgu and exhale forgetfulness.

The woman freezes, then looks around the room, wiping confusedly at tears running down her face as her eyes slide right by you. She shakes her head and mutters something about wine before coming to her feet and staggering towards the bed, collapsing into it facedown. She's wriggling deeper into the sheets in an effort to get comfortable when your sword slices cleanly through her neck and deep into the mattress below.

---

The next day, as the city swarms with alarmed activity at the murder of so many members of high society, you pass on the names extracted to your Master, get a nod of recognition of a job well done, and disappear from Altdorf without any of its citizens knowing you were there. By midsummer, the entire society will be eradicated root and branch, and you will be free of their damned instructions.

[Tailing: Intrigue, Req 40, 73+17=90.]
[Culmination: Intrigue, Req 40, 66+17=83.]

---

When you return to Wurtbad and throw yourself back into work, it's the Stirland Watch that takes up a great deal of your attention. The burgeoning institution deserves better than Sigmar, so you act decisively. Craftsmen are commissioned, priests contacted, and a few holy icons are crafted and consecrated and shipped to every location the Stirland Watch is active in. Almost overnight, a shrine to Ranald the Protector is erected in every Watchhouse in Stirland.

And just as quickly, almost all of them are torn down. And there's no witnesses, even when it happened in front of a crowded room.

You're incensed, and your response is... less than measured. You order Jack to spread word that if the shrines are not restored and the men responsible for their defacing punished, you'll hold every man in each of the Watchhouses in question responsible. Slowly, sullenly, they obey. The shrines are restored, and men claim responsibility for the vandalism and are stripped of their position and expelled from the Watch. Morale hits a brand new rock bottom, and you doubt that any of the men are likely to embrace Ranald now... but the shrines are there, and they aren't openly revolting. It's a foundation you can build upon.

[Enshrining Ranald: Piety, Breakpoints 50/80, 10+17+20(Ranald's Blessing)=47]
[Rolling to keep your composure: 35. Composure lost.]
[Watchmen reaction: 85. Complete disaster narrowly averted.]

---

While the rank and file are dangling on the precipice of mutiny, the merely rank is humming along splendidly. A mid-level chemist has been sent from Zhufbar - why they leave the 'al' off alchemy, you've no idea - and after he performs a few tests to determine the difference between dwarven and human waste, he designs the entire facility from scratch, built outside the western gate of Wurtbad. It takes a great deal of intervention from you to make happen because he has no patience for or knowledge of human business practices, but you're hoping that it will be worth the effort. The initial process, you frown to discover, is not all that different to the methods Jack 'acquired' from Wissenland - business with clay floors and waterproof roofs and a great deal of busy activity over months - but where he shows his mastery is in the purification, a step completely missing from the Wissenland techniques. Filter through wood ash, then boiled and filtered through mesh, and needle-like crystals of pure niter are produced - worth their weight in gold for use as fertilizer or producing gunpowder. Not the prettiest of victories, but you'll take it nonetheless.

---

With the factory churning out niter crystals, you turn to the other bizarre and inscrutable alchemy you've decided to master: that of economics.

If anything, it's gotten even more difficult to learn as the EIC has grown in size, but you persevere anyway. The part where products are moved around and sold at a higher place where they're needed more, that much you understand, but it is the strange magic of ledgers and banking that eludes you. If you're going to double your debt and become even more interwoven with the EIC, you need to understand it.

Eventually, it is magic of all things that allows you to understand it. You are well used to imagining things impossible under the rules of the mundane world, and your mistake with economics was trying to fit what was going on into what you understood of it. Once you started thinking of it as an outcropping of the real world where the normal rules have no sway, it became a great deal easier to start internalizing the bizarre alien logic used to juggle numbers. You wonder if this is what being a Gold Wizard is like.

By the time you sign the documents to take on the debt to acquire Markus' stake, you understand the transfer of debt, the mechanisms by which it will be paid off, and the horrific spectre of compound interest that Wilhelmina has spared you from. You go back to the documents outlining your student loan, once completely inscrutable, and after a page of calculations find that you're actually paying off the very last of it now, and after midsummer you'll be freed of it. It's enough to make you feel giddy.

You've not quite mastered economics just yet, but it's enough that you'll be able to meaningfully contribute to the EIC.

[Economic understanding: Stewardship, Req 70, 89+14=103]

---

With your newfound grasp of financial theory, you meet with three key figures in the production of the Memoirs of Asarnil the Dragonlord: Wilhelmina, the publisher selling it within the Empire, and the merchant that agreed to ship it to the elven isle of Ulthuan.

"There's a great deal of interest in Stirland, after his contributions to the Siege of Drakenhof," Wilhelmina says. "The only real problem is that most of those interested can't read. Still, it's proven to be quite popular." Your share ends up being a good handful of coin; less than a year's pay, but still a decent handful of coin. You dutifully tithe a tenth of it to the Grey College and add the rest to your coffers at home.

"Word did trickle out about events down south," the publisher says to you. "But really, it's Wizard Chic you've to thank for driving up interest in our Elven allies and magical creatures like dragons. Apparently they find it all rather romantic, the centuries-long quest to prove himself against those that cast him out by selling his sword to all the noble races of the Old World." You expected a handful of coin; you get a chest. You worriedly tithe, raising a few eyebrows at the Bursar's Office which leads you to write a report on the whole business to submit to the College, just in case questions start being raised about all this money.

"There was barely any interest at all, then the King forbade its sale in Lothern," the merchant chortles to you. "So entire fleets of pleasure craft would sail out to our ships to buy copies before we made port, just for the thrill of it. Then word reached Caledor, and a bloody dragon flew out to buy out an entire shipment." You expect a coffer; you got a crate, and the loan of a wheelbarrow and pair of bodyguards until you found somewhere to stash it. The Bursar is openly staring as you tithe near a year's pay, and you submit receipts and a copy of the memoirs along with the tithe.

[Does it sell in Stirland? Roll: 93]
[Stirland sales: 44+40=84]
[Does it sell in the Empire? Roll: 50]
[Empire sales: 84+10=94]
[Does it sell in Ulthuan? Roll: 73]
[Ulthuani sales: 66-20=46]

When you get home to the Sunken Palace, you carefully separate your savings: on one side, what you've saved from your income and the accumulated dragonfunds. On the other, the proceeds of your accumulated embezzlement. Better not to risk tripping yourself up.

Seeking to distract yourself from having been too successful, you attempt to reach out to Kasmir. The man was failed by Sigmar just as much as you were, after all. And find, to your shock, that he's nowhere to be found. None of your fellow councillors have seen him, none of the castle guards have seen him. You check the gate records the Watch keeps and find that he never returned to Wurtbad. You reach out through your information network, and get nothing but silence in return.

[Finding Kasmir: Intrigue, Req ???: 19+17=36]

---

With that attempt at self-distraction failed, you turn to memory. The campaign was a fantastic trial by fire for your nascent career as a general, after all, and you want to capitalize on that.

Time is spent with the General of the First Division, whose name you'll certainly get around to remembering one of these days, as well as delving through the books that Abelhelm left behind. Scraps of information you would have skimmed past before become vital in the light of what you learned. The Purge of the Haunted Hills and the Sieges of the Drakenhofs were campaigns full of great victories and terrible failures, and you seek to learn from every one of them, both under Abelhelm's command and your own.

[Martial: Breakpoints 30/70, Roll: 56. Martial +2]
[Diplomacy: Breakpoints 50/90, Roll: 72. Diplomacy +2]

It's when you're lost in your reminiscing that word is passed through your network and the innkeeper you befriended so long ago knocks on the trapdoor to your Sunken Palace: Anton is looking for you.

---

"Is that-" you begin, looking at the letter in his hands.

"It is!" he says. You're in the council room, despite it being abandoned to dust. He insisted. Wilhelmina, Gustav and Schultz have also been summoned, but Anton is apparently as clueless as to Kasmir's location as you are.

"So what does it say?" you press.

"I haven't opened it yet," he admits. "I wanted to wait until everyone was here."

"Close enough," you say, with nods from the others, and Anton buckles and slides his knife under the wax seal of the letter.

[Will Abelhelm's heir take up the mantle?]
[Base: Req 50. Inglorious death, +20. Campaign completed, -10. Letters to them spoke well of his councillors, -10. Result: 50/50.]
[Die Roll: 98]

Anton's mouth moves as he reads through the document. "Out loud!" you hiss at him, and he nods and returns to the start.

"To the Council of Stirland. I will be arriving forthwith to continue my father's legacy. Yrs - it says 'yrs' instead of yours - R v Hal."

There's exhales all around. "Laconic," you note.

"They can be mute, for all I care," Wilhelmina muses. "I honestly didn't think that one of his children would take the role. I might have to rethink my resignation."

"Might not have a choice," Schultz notes. "New Elector Count, new council."

"Best foot forward, it's time for interviews," Gustav says, to strained chuckles all around.

---

As midsummer, the Elector's Meet, and the arrival of the new Van Hal approach, you check in with your underlings. The expansion of the Watch into Drakenhof is hampered threefold: by the truculence of the Watchmen, by the size of the town, and by the low-level hostility between Stirlanders and Sylvanians. Jack reports apologetically that if he has another six months he can guarantee that Drakenhof will be brought under the control of the Stirland Watch.

Julia and Jack have worked together to bring the Information Network payroll onto that of the Stirland Watch, finally relieving your strained discretionary budget from carrying the entirety of the ever-growing Network. The result would be painful for the Watch's budgetary impact under normal circumstance, but without an Elector Count it goes gloriously uncommented upon.

You consider preparing a report of your activities to date for the incoming Elector Count, both to fill them in and make a good impression to retain your position. You've built quite a power base here, but with your string-pullers being utterly devastated by your Master (mysterious deaths are still being reported) and your loans almost paid you wonder if you even want to continue as the Spymistress of Stirland.

Report for the incoming Elector Count:
[ ] You'll not beg for your own job. No report.
[ ] Sketch out in broad strokes your activities over the past eight or so years.
[ ] Write a detailed report covering every major operation you performed under Van Hal's orders.
[ ] Write in.

Your attitude towards retaining your position:
[ ] You will serve the heir of Abelhelm as you did Abelhelm himself.
[ ] Even if you do not continue as Spymistress, perhaps you could find another job on the Council. Your talents have flourished since you arrived in Stirland, and you could perform near any of them satisfactorily, thanks to Stirland's lowered standards.
[ ] If they wish you to retain the position, very well. If not, that's fine too. You do not feel strongly one way or the other.
[ ] You will make sure there's a secure handover of power, brief your successor, attend the long-delayed funeral of Abelhelm, and then finally give up the burden of Spymistress.

You've also got to consider your financial windfall. The Grey Order is yet to comment, but their gears grind slow but fine and this is too much for them to ignore. They'll soon ask pointed questions as to which of the cavernous loopholes in the Grey Order's Vow of Poverty you'll be shoving the funds through.
[ ] All but eliminate your debt from the EIC purchases.
[ ] Inject into your Discretionary Fund.
[ ] Label it a Rainy Day fund, deposit it in the Grey College's coffers, and withdraw it at a later date when liquid funds are needed.
[ ] Donation to some institution (choose one)
[ ] Improve your land near Sonningwiesse.
- [ ] Improve the arms and armour of the local populace for when they are called as militia.
- [ ] Rebuild the local manor house, complete with fortifications to shelter the locals should danger threaten.
- [ ] Closely investigate the area for any mineral wealth.
- [ ] Build farms and import farmers to compliment the herdsmen.
- [ ] Other (write in)
[ ] Other (write in)

Finally, as the day that your new boss arrives approaches, word reaches you from Altdorf. The Elector's Meet, originally called to discuss the possibility of Imperial contribution to the Dwarven reconquest of Karak Eight Peaks, has turned completely from that to address the growing crisis between Middenland and Nordland. Entire towns between the rivers Salz and Demst have been razed to the ground with their populace disappeared, and though no evidence is present Nordland is accusing Middenland, who in turn neither claims nor denies responsibility, but instead are once more accusing Nordland of stealing land they have no claim to. The Elector Counts near came to blows in the Meet, with the Ar-Ulric and the Grand Theogonist almost following suit as they backed their respective sides. The Empire seems to teeter on the brink of civil war, as the Elector's Meet stretches on and the Emperor tries to soothe tempers.

Belegar Ironhammer, heir to the throne of Karak Eight Peaks, has abandoned Altdorf in disgust and is calling for any who seek their fortune to join him.

Skill Acquired: Economics (Advanced)
Memoirs of Asarnil the Dragonlord - Stirland sales: +76g
Memoirs of Asarnil the Dragonlord - Empire sales: +423g
Memoirs of Asarnil the Dragonlord - Ulthuan sales: +792g
Total: 1,291g
Skill Increase: Martial +2
Skill Increase: Diplomacy +2
Trait Lost: Student Loans
Motivation Lost: Sleeper Agent



Spoiler: Finances



Discretionary Income: +200g
Information Brokerage: +50g
Julia: -30g
Townhouse staff: -20g
---
Net: +200g

Personal Income: +50g
Estate Profit: +10g
Tithe: -6g
Student Loans: -35g
---
Net: +19g



- It was possible to redeem Ranald the Protector in this way. But trying to do so with Mathilde's motives compromised and the Watch's morale already low was risky, and then the roll was flubbed. Things only narrowly avoided being even worse. Still, nothing ventured, nothing gained, and all that.
- The plan for the funds doesn't need to begin immediately, but should you choose one then the funds will be earmarked for that and you should probably show some progress towards it in a timely fashion.
- There is no wrong choice as to whether you continue as Spymistress or whether you find another path. Despite the title, this is the story of Mathilde Weber, whether she is an advisor or not.
  </body>
</html>