<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter Leadership</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter Leadership</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Chapter Master</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: <a class="link link--external" href="http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/warhammer40k/images/c/c8/Gabriel_Angelos.png/revision/latest?cb=20110408175008" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Gabriel Angelos</a><br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Chapter Master: "We shall not falter, my brothers. Never again, not so long as I breathe."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Significant Bionics: "My injuries nearly required internment in a dreadnought, but in the end did not. I still serve regardless."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Compassionate: "The protection of the Imperium and its citizens is one of our greatest responsibilities."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Faithful: "May the holy God Emperor find us worthy."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Captain of the Blood Raven's Third Company, Master of the Arsenal</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><s>Renegade of the Blood Ravens </s> +Status as Renegade Redacted By Inquisitor Adrastia, Ordo Hereticus+</li>
</ul><u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 8<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 4<br/>
Strength: 6+1=7<br/>
Toughness: 8<br/>
Agility: 6<br/>
Intelligence: 8<br/>
Perception: 7<br/>
Willpower: 10<br/>
Fellowship: 9<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics:</u><br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Willpower: (<i>Raven's Will:</i> Unyielding and unbending. Had to have it to push through the trials that the Blood Ravens have been through in the past quarter of a century.)</li>
</ol><u>Current Characteristic Advancement Progress</u>:<br/>
Ballistic Skill From 4 to 5: 164+62+Cyrus(25)=251/500]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Personal Wargear:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Godsplitter - </i>Ordo Xenos-crafted Relic Daemonhammer (+1 Strength, +Blast Damage, +Anti-Daemon Effects) [Special Characteristics: Master Crafted, Shard of Biel-Tan Avatar Wailing Doom Weapon Implanted In Hammer]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Armor of Azariah</i> - Legendary Terminator Armor, once worn by the Great Father Himself</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Body of Gabriel</i> - Master Crafted Bionics (Able to Survive Wounds That Would Kill A More Fleshy Marine)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Plasma Pistol</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Iron Halo</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Chapter Master's Bodyguard</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name:</u>  Apollo Diomedes<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">The Bitter Champion: "All my glories are ash. I am nothing but my duty, now."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Desperate Devotee: "Please, oh God-Emperor, grant me strength against my own folly."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Elder Veteran: "In my centuries of service I have fought horrors undreamed of by many."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History</u>: Former Captain of 1st Company, Former Captain of Honor Guard, Former Right Hand of Kyras<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics:</u><br/>
Weapon Skill: 10<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 4<br/>
Strength: 10<br/>
Toughness: 6<br/>
Agility: 9<br/>
Intelligence: 5<br/>
Perception: 5<br/>
Willpower: 6<br/>
Fellowship: 3<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics:</u><br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Weapon Skill: (<i>Bitter Blooded Champion </i>- Automatically hits all Non-Hero units, damage dealt and skill checks receive no malus regardless of injuries sustained. Critical damage increased.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Strength: (<i>The Might of the Raven</i> - The character may now operate vehicle-scale weaponry for no penalty and can inflict damage through armored targets even without a Power Weapon.)</li>
</ol><u>Personal Wargear:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Standard Mk-VII 'Aquilla' Power Armor</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Rogal's Fist - Power Mace said to have been forged by the very hands of Rogal Dorn himself. (Extreme Durability, Powerfield Extremely Powerful, +Impact, +Critical)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bolt Pistol</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Chief Librarian</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Justinius Probalis<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Psychic Fires: "Burn! Burn you mongrels!"</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Foresight: "The Eldar believe only they can pierce the veil. They are wrong."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Encyclopedic Knowledge Of Librarian Lores: "If you cannot master the knowledge available, then you must at least come as close as possible through study."<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Divination</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Codex Astartes</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fulmination</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Technomancy</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Geokinesis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Etc...</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Blood Raven Psychic Lore Master<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Battle Sight</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><i><b>Battle Sight</b></i> - Blood Ravens Librarians can pierce the fog of war with a thought, casting their mind far and wide across a battlefield, world, or even star system for hints and clues to the movements and deployments of their enemies that may have gone undetected by more conventional technological means. A Librarian may use this psychic power in two different ways, choosing its application before he manifests it. The first application of this power is to gain an immediate tactical edge in combat and is most useful when facing immediate battlefield threats. Used in this way, Battle Sight reveals the position of all enemies within range that have hostile intentions toward the Librarian (i.e. intend to do the Librarian harm). This does not track the movements of these enemies or their actions, but simply informs the Librarian of their presence, direction, and distance from his current location. In addition to revealing foes, this power allows the Librarian to see through cover and concealment when making attacks against enemies revealed by Battle Sight. The second use of this power is to gain a broad strategic overview of an area and information on how better to complete a mission, or overcome a foe.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Truth Seeker</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><i><b>Truth Seeker</b></i> - Blood Ravens Librarians spend much of their lives seeking knowledge and looking into the origins of their Chapter by sifting through the secrets of the past. Truth Seeker allows a Librarian to find details and clues that he might have otherwise missed, drawing his attention to areas or objects of interest.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Warp Whispers</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><i><b>Warp Whispers</b></i> - The Librarian can listen to the babblings of the Warp and perceive the secrets of its denizens, sifting through the noise and maddening chatter to find grains of truth. It is a practise not without peril, however, and many Librarians dare not even attempt such follies, though those of the Blood Ravens know that true knowledge can never be gained without a degree of danger.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></li>
</ul></li>
</ul><br/>
<u>Prior History</u>: Student of Jonah Orion, Epistolary of the 3rd Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 5<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 7<br/>
Strength: 5<br/>
Toughness: 6+1=7<br/>
Agility: 4<br/>
Intelligence: 8<br/>
Perception: 10<br/>
Willpower: 10<br/>
Fellowship: 5<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Perception: (<i>Blood Ridden Gaze: </i>Cloaked in his psychic powers, Justinius's gaze burns through attempts at stealth and trickery with all the fury of the chapter's bloody history. Before him, all is laid bare.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Willpower: (<i>Jonah's Legacy</i>: Jonah Orion was one of the rarest of psykers in the galaxy, one who had battled the full force of the tyranid Hive Mind and kept moving forward. As a student of Jonah, and a survivor of his own trials, Justinius's will is unbreakable and proves a shield against even some of the most incredible of psychic forces in the galaxy.)</li>
</ol><u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Talonstaff of Jonah -</i> Forged in the same vein as the daemonhammer <i>Godsplitter</i>, this Force Staff possesses a fragment of an Ulthwé Avatar of Khaine's Wailing Doom weapon implanted in it, as well as fragments of the Force Staff used by Jonah Orion. It crackles with a deadly energy that is anathema to warpspawn, and seems to carry with it the same unrelenting will of Jonah himself at times. (+1 Toughness, +Miscast Chance Reduction, +Anti-Daemon Effects) [Special Characteristics: Master Crafted, Shard of Ulthwé Avatar Wailing Doom Weapon Implanted In Force Staff]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Plasma Pistol</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Psychic Hood</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Hauberk of Faith</i> - Otherwise normal Power Armor, strangely blessed by the Emperor. (Heightened Resistance To Daemons/Warp)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Raven's Aegis</i> - A talisman crafted from the shards of felled Avatar of Khaine [Powerful Anti-Daemon/Warp Protection]</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Master of Sanctity</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Hannibal Palrun<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Faithful: "For the Emperor! Let none find us wanting!"</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Gigantic: "I do not question the Emperor for granting me this size. Neither should you, <i>little one</i>."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Champion Of The Commons: "We are all brothers in the eternal war for humanity's salvation, are we not?!"</li>
</ul><br/>
<u>Prior History</u>: Chaplain of the 3rd Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 9<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 4<br/>
Strength: 8<br/>
Toughness: 9+1=10<br/>
Agility: 4<br/>
Intelligence: 6<br/>
Perception: 5<br/>
Willpower: 7<br/>
Fellowship: 10<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Fellowship: <i>(Union of Hatred</i>: Against the foes of the Imperium, his fiery hatred inspires similar fury in his fellows. When Hannibal is upon the field, this takes the effect of brothers around him striking with greater strength and accuracy depending on whether they partake in noble melee combat or the blessed works of ranged weaponry.)</li>
</ol><br/>
<u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Thunder Blood</i> -  A Relic Crozius Arcanum crafted by Master of the Forge Martellus Ravias for the hands of Hannibal Palrun, Master of Sanctity. Such is its size that what is a mace for its wielder would be a two-handed weapon in the hands of any other. It's head is that of an enormous black Imperial aquila, the center crimson. (+Blast, +Advanced Disruption Field)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Azariah's Cincture - </i>A blessed belt handed down by Azariah Vidya, the Great Father of the Blood Ravens. (+1 T, +Specially Reduces Melee Damage Dealt To Bearer)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Standard Mk-VII 'Aquilla' Power Armor</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Rosarius</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bolt Pistol</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Master of the Forge</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Martellus Ravias<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Scrapmaster: "I repaired an ancient Archaeotech Astronomic Array damaged by orks and tyranids while under constant assault for an entire year. Sometimes you have to <i>make</i> your own parts."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Agoraphobic: "I have no issue with taking the field. I am simply of the opinion that I've been <i>in</i> the field quite enough thank you. If anyone needs me, I'll be in the forges, where a Techmarine <i>belongs</i>."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Non-Traditional: "You do what you must, for survival. I will do what I must for the Chapter, for I am not sworn to follow <i>all </i>the edicts of Mars."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History</u>: Senior Techmarine of 4th Company, Attendant to Strike Cruiser <i>Armageddon</i>, Thunderhawk Pilot<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 4<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 5<br/>
Strength: 5<br/>
Toughness: 10+1=10(+)<br/>
Agility: 4<br/>
Intelligence: 10<br/>
Perception: 6<br/>
Willpower: 9<br/>
Fellowship: 6<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u><br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Toughness (<i>Sole Survivor</i>: After surviving the destruction and crash of his Thunderhawk into a tyranid infested Typhon Primaris, surviving alone with no support for a full year while repairing an Archaeotech Astronomic Array, few things could possibly affect <i>this</i> Techmarine.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Intelligence (<i>Liege of the Forge</i>: Automatically succeed at any repair attempts for war machines and wargear in regular use by the Imperium and the Chapter. May attempt to repair ancient Imperial relics, archeotech and esoteric technologies not often deployed by the Adeptus Mechanicus. Relics crafted will be of higher grades than standard.)</li>
</ol><br/>
<u>Personal Wargear:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Resilience of Typhon, </i>Personally Crafted Power Armor and Servo Harness (+1 Toughness, Extreme Environmental Resilience)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Power Sword</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bolt Pistol</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Master of the Apothecarion</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Nero Gracchus<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Greatly Experienced: "Whatever may be said of Aramus...we certainly fought quite a few things in our time."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Savant of Medicine: "I once had a Magos Biologis compliment me on my knowledge of medicine. What do you suppose that means?"</li>
</ul><br/>
<u>Prior History</u>: Apothecary of the 5th Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 5<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 5<br/>
Strength: 6<br/>
Toughness: 6<br/>
Agility: 4<br/>
Intelligence: 10<br/>
Perception: 7<br/>
Willpower: 5<br/>
Fellowship: 4<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Intelligence: (<i>A Fated Healer</i>: Greatly increases survival of aspirants, neophytes and scout marines as they become Space Marines, can make attempts to save brothers from wounds that would otherwise most certainly be fatal)</li>
</ol><u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Blooded Narthecium</i> - Personalized and modified narthecium by the Blood Raven medical savant Gracchus when he was but an apothecary of the 5th Company. (Additional Damage To Armored Infantry, Improved Gene-Seed Recovery Chances)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Standard Mk-VII 'Aquilla' Power Armor with Apothecary-standard modifications</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Chain Sword</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bolt Pistol</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Captain of the Honor Guard</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Jordis Mencis<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Ever-Training: "You can be faster, you can be stronger, you can be better. You <i>will </i>be better!"</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bond-Maker: "Together we can do more than you could ever imagine. Work as a team, succeed as a Chapter."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Guiding Hand of War: "War is the eternal lesson, test, and teacher. Let us study well, brothers."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Assault Marine Sergeant of 2nd Company</li>
</ul><u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 9<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 8<br/>
Strength: 7<br/>
Toughness: 6<br/>
Agility: 5<br/>
Intelligence: 7<br/>
Perception: 7<br/>
Willpower: 7<br/>
Fellowship: 9<br/>
<br/>
<u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Chainsword</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Standard Mk-VII 'Aquilla' Power Armor</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bolt Pistol</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Jump Pack</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Captain of the 1st Company</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Marcus Crixus, Marcus The Scarred<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Natural Tactician: "There is more to tactics than simply reading the Codex Astartes, though to not study it at all would be folly."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Grotesquely Scarred: "Do not be disturbed by how my body appears. My heart burns with fury and my soul remains pure."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Devastatingly Disfigured: "You may not see where where the scars begin and end. It does not matter. Focus, instead, on how short your existence shall be now that I am upon you.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Shield of Faith And Flesh: "So long as there is breath in my breast, and blood in my veins, and even beyond, you will have to go through me first!"</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Ruined Roar: "You shall find no bellows from me, creature. I need them not to slay you."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History:</u> Assault Marine of 5th Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 5<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 5<br/>
Strength: 6<br/>
Toughness: 10<br/>
Agility: 5<br/>
Intelligence: 7<br/>
Perception: 7<br/>
Willpower: 10<br/>
Fellowship: 9+1=10<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Toughness (<i>Forever Advance, Forever Guard  -  </i>Can withstand roll to continue fighting despite multiple mortal wounds so long as there are Blood Ravens still on the battlefield, and upon the conclusion of the battle may roll again to fall into a coma from which wounds can be healed, cybernetics applied, or, should the damage be utterly unsurvivable otherwise, be put into a dreadnought instead of dying outright. )</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Willpower (<i>Scars Of The Phosphex </i>- Unbreakable mental fortitude. Able to utterly ignore pain and mental assaults and effects entirely.)</li>
</ol><br/>
<u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol"><i>Wisdom</i> - Ancient Power Sword (+1 Fellowship, Unbreakable)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol"><i>Arrow of Aerus</i> - Relic Graviton Pistol, gifted to the Captain after discovery of the Graviton Cache on Aerus [Special Characteristics: Relic Weapon, Extremely Effective Anti-Armor]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Standard Bolt Pistol</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol"><i>Armor Of The Scarred - </i>The original Mk-VII Power Armor that was worn by 1st Captain Marcus Crixus was destroyed by a phosphex bomb. This second set has suffered nearly as greately in the meantime, worn by the unforgiving hellish pace set by Marcus in battle. Though it is no mastercrafted relic, in time it may well be considered a relic in its own right should Captain Marcus forge a great enough legend for himself.</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Iron Halo</li>
</ol></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">2nd Company Captain/Master of the Watch</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Macharius Sicarius<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Unyielding Deathdealer: "They will keep coming, but so long as I have ammo, they'll die."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Stalwart Slayer: "Fight on, my brothers! They fall here! Now!"</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Spine of Steel: "Yes, a great deal of me is metal, eldar. The better to snap you apart with."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History</u>: Veteran Devastator Sergeant of the 3rd Company, then the 1st Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 4<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 8<br/>
Strength: 8<br/>
Toughness: 7<br/>
Agility: 4<br/>
Intelligence: 5<br/>
Perception: 6<br/>
Willpower: 7<br/>
Fellowship: 8<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<br/>
<u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Star Thrower</i> - Pre M32 Plasma Cannon (Higher Average Damage, Higher Critical Damage, Reduced Chance of Misfire)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Plasma Pistol</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Iron Halo</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Standard Mk-VII 'Aquilla' Power Armor</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Combat Knife</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">3rd Company Captain/Master of the Arsenal</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Hantu<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Unorthodox: "Say what you will, but those of us who listen to Cyrus happen to live longer, and win more victories in the name of the Emperor."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Friendly: "Treating one another like enemies when there is no need for it leads only to unneeded suffering."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Idealist: "Yes, our lives and this universe are grim. But I shall not let that dictate who or how I am or act, nor stop me from trying to better both."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History</u>: Veteran Sergeant of the 4th Company, Assault-Devastator-Tactical Progression through 4th Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 4<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 8<br/>
Strength: 5<br/>
Toughness: 5<br/>
Agility: 4<br/>
Intelligence: 9<br/>
Perception: 7<br/>
Willpower: 7<br/>
Fellowship: 10<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Fellowship (<i>Within The Raven's Shadow</i> - Flat bonus and rerolls to Fellowship Rolls with both Blood Ravens and other Imperials in and outside of battle.)</li>
</ol><u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Standard Mk-VII 'Aquilla' Power Armor</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Godwyn-Pattern Bolter</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Combat Knife</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Frag Grenades</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">4th Company Captain/Master of the Fleet</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Hadrian Priscus<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Aggressive In Combat: "The faster we kill them, the faster we can move on to our next objective!"</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Unorthodox: "Victory in the name of the Emperor is all that really matters."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Armor Adherent: "We are the mailed fist! Crush them beneath our treads!"</li>
</ul><u>Prior History</u>: Veteran Sergeant of the 5th Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 4<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 8<br/>
Strength: 5<br/>
Toughness: 5<br/>
Agility: 4<br/>
Intelligence: 9<br/>
Perception: 6<br/>
Willpower: 5<br/>
Fellowship: 8<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<br/>
<u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>The Hand Of Aggression</i> - A masterfully made plasma pistol crafted by Martellus Ravias, Master of the Forge of the Blood Ravens. (Rapid-fire, Reduced Chance For Catastrophic Failure, Increased Ammo Efficiency For More Shots Before Reload, Boosted Range/Accuracy/Bayonet Fitted)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Plasma Pistol</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bionic Left Arm+Shoulder (Highest Chapter Quality)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Standard Mk-VII 'Aquilla' Power Armor</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Iron Halo</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Combat Knife</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">5th Company Captain, Master of the Marches</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Tarkus Varianus<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Experienced Veteran: "Fear not, brothers, this is not the worst that I have ever faced."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Master Of All Trades: "The weapon matters not, I can wield it."</li>
</ul><u>Prior History:</u> Veteran Sergeant Tactical Marine of the 5th Company, Sergeant Tactical Marine of the 5th Company, Tactical Marine of the 5th Company, Assault Marine of 5th Company<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 7<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 8<br/>
Strength: 5(6)<br/>
Toughness: 10(11)<br/>
Agility: 5<br/>
Intelligence: 6<br/>
Perception: 6<br/>
Willpower: 10<br/>
Fellowship: 8<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Toughness (<i>Strength Of Will, Strength of Honor  -  </i>Can apply Willpower as well as Toughness to survive/ignore wounds up to and including mortal until rolls are unsuccessful.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Willpower (<i>Venerable Raven</i> - Unbreakable mental fortitude. Able to utterly ignore pain and mental assaults and effects entirely.)</li>
</ol><br/>
<u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol"><i>The Barding of Tarkus</i>: This masterful creation bears the engraved valorous deeds of Captain Tarkus of the Blood Ravens, along with zealous denials of the lies of traitors and madmen. A quirk of its manufacture has somehow further hardened the materials of its make, to the point of conferring greatly improved durability even amongst power armors, while its servos and artificial muscle fibres confer greater strength. Such magnificent armor inspires greater fervor in fellow sons of the Emperor in battle. (+1 Toughness, +1 Strength, Improved Resistance Against Anti-Armor Weaponry)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol"><i>Deathdealer - </i>A Legendary Bolter of the Blood Ravens (Allows Two Ranged Attacks For Bearer Instead of One Per Attack Phase, Reloads Less Often)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Krak Grenades</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Frag Grenades</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Iron Halo</li>
</ol></div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">10th Company Captain, Master of Recruits/Master of Reconnaissance</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Name</u>: Cyrus Octavius<br/>
<br/>
<u>Traits</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Encyclopedia Of Death: "I know the ins and outs of more xeno species than some space marines will know in their entire lifetimes, and more importantly, how to <i>kill</i> them."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Explosive Assassin: "For some foes, like Greater Daemons or fortified enemy positions, you need to get in <i>close</i> and plant explosives without them noticing. I can do that easily. Can you?"</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Unorthodox: "Tradition serves a purpose. When that purpose is actively detrimental to your efforts, you do away with it. It is a very simple concept to grasp, my students."</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Instructor of War: "Listen and I shall teach. Observe and you shall learn."</li>
</ul><br/>
<u>Prior History</u>: Veteran Scout Sergeant of 10th Company, 195 Years In Death Watch (Kill Team Member, Kill Team Leader, Kill Marine), Veteran Teacher of Scout Marines, Neophytes, Aspirants For Much Of History Within Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Characteristics</u>:<br/>
Weapon Skill: 6<br/>
Ballistic Skill: 8 (9)<br/>
Strength: 4<br/>
Toughness: 4<br/>
Agility: 10<br/>
Intelligence: 7<br/>
Perception: 8<br/>
Willpower: 7<br/>
Fellowship: 4<br/>
<br/>
<u>Legendary Characteristics</u>:<br/>
<ol>
<li data-xf-list-type="ol">Legendary Agility (<i>Silenced Bloodspiller - </i>Perfectly silent when moving unless purposefully moving audibly, may seemingly hide in plain sight if one does not obviously clash with the surroundings, can use items silently and uninterrupted when in stealth.)</li>
</ol><br/>
<u>Personal Wargear</u>:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Unseen Demise of the Vain</i> - Prized Sniper Rifle of the 10th Company (+Accuracy, +Range, Reduced Reload Time)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>The Eye of Cyrus </i>- An extremely advanced cybernetic eye granted to Cyrus by the Deathwatch after his extensive time among them before he returned to the Blood Ravens. (+Accuracy, +Multiple Scanning)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Astartes Assault Shotgun</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Krak Grenades</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Melta Bombs</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Bolt Pistol</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><i>Shadow Hunter's Raiment</i> - Cameleoline-integrated high grade armor with accompanying camo-cloak. Contains sound-dampening materials, as well as additional thermal reduction technology for stealth purposes. Integrated targeting links of the armor are specially adapted for integration with Cyrus Octavian's own cybernetics. (+1 Ballistic Skill, +Further Improved Stealth Capabilities)</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>