<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 7</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 7</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Bring in Ice Witches
Currently, the only Ice Witch that is likely to be present for the battle is Milica. If you travel to Kislev City, you could bring in additional Ice Witches on Shadowsteeds. Milica says there are at least two and perhaps as many as five Ice Witches in Kislev City that would be able to respond and could meaningfully contribute to a battle.

Tally



From their reputation, you suspect that the greatest strategic assets of an Athel Loren warhost are mobility and stealth, and tactically it's hard to look past the Elven capacity to spend centuries mastering their weapon of choice. But to a more typical point of view, the strange magics and terrible spirits that they are able to call on are rather flashy, and if given free reign to perform they'd be entirely capable of stealing the show. So you will ensure they do not have the opportunity to perform their magics unobstructed. If they want to bring strange magics and terrible spirits to Kislev, they can bloody well learn that Kislev is no slouch in the strange magics and terrible spirits department.

"I am going to ride to Kislev City," you say to Boris in private. "I have magics that could allow even a middling rider to reach here before tomorrow's battle, and I intend to offer that service to the Ice Witches there, allowing them to answer the request for help from Boyar Kirill and the Ataman of Resvynhaf. But it seems to me that they would be more likely to respond if I am able to call on them in the name of the Tsarevich."

Boris considers that for some time. "It is complicated situation you are stumbling into," he finally says. "My father does not like the Ice Witches, he says he has seen where putting faith in pale women with cold skin and strange magics leads. The Boyars respect them too much for him to act against them, but he will not call upon them. Thinks horse and steel will solve all problems."

"Do you agree with that?" you ask carefully.

It takes a while for him to respond. "In daydream world, Teclis listened to Tzar Alexis. Stayed here, built here. Then Kislev could have Witches like you, bound by oath and law to serve Tzar and Kislev. But in this world, Fire Spire was ruined and never rebuilt. In this world, every true servant of the Bear and the Flame and the Thunder died in Praag, and now thieves and cowards choke their temples." He looks over to his glaive, glistening with cold magic. "In this world, when horse and steel is not enough, Winter is all we have left." He nods to himself as he reaches a decision. "Tell the Ice Court that Tsarevich Boris Bokha calls on them to defend the land they claim to serve."

---

[Rolling...]

During the times of the rule of Khan-Queens, the Ice Court is a physical location within the wing of the royal palace made of glistening ice. The rest of the time it's a bit more conceptual. Luckily you have a guide in the form of Milica's hawk, who leads you through the streets of Kislev City until you reach the noble quarter, where the hawk leads you on a winding path through the least defensible noble quarter you've ever seen. Stepping over a knee-high fence into a courtyard with a mostly-frozen fountain centrepiece, you're delighted to see a familiar face.

"Nie," Ljiljana says as you approach, not looking up from where the ice has been partially sculpted into a small army of miniature Winged Lancers.

"Glad to see you haven't joined the winter," you say with a smile.

She shrugs without looking up. "Too busy to die."

"Busy making ice sculptures?"

"No friends in palace, so need friends in boyarin. Boyar-wives having party here tomorrow."

"Ah. And if some of those little lancers don't come home..."

"They can look at all this work and wonder, why was this Ljiljana not at battle, saving my husband? Then they go yell at Tzar. Also, Boyar-wife pays well for fancy party. Their chickens do not peck at money."

"Milica is down there."

"Milica went down there when it was Boyar problem. Now stuck there." She waves a hand at the hawk, who is pecking at one of the tiny ice horses. "Follow bird to others. Zlata is somewhere, young enough to go running off into battle."

"What if someone else called on the Ice Witches for help?"

She looks up from her work. "Boyar Kalashinivik beat Tzar there?"

"No. The Tsarevich did. And he calls on the Ved'ma to defend Kislev."

"He left behind his pets?" You shake your head, smiling. "Ah. Your fog trick." She considers that for a moment, then sighs and swears. "Fine. South gate, thirty minutes."

---

"This is my former Apprentice, Nadezhda," Ljiljana says, gesturing at a woman of about thirty who is loaded with a heavy-looking knapsack. She greets you in Kislevarin while looking you over with open curiosity. "She never learned Reikspiel so she can't stop me from telling you that only reason she wants to come is she wants to ride Boris. Summon your shadow horse for her."

With a thought and a gesture you do so, and Nadezhda awkwardly clambers atop it, reflexively reaching for reigns that aren't there. "And for you as well?" you say, and then recoil back as you turn back to Ljiljana and instead find what looks something like a pure white Vargheist, and only the smugness of its expression and Nadezhda's lack of reaction that stops you from summoning Branulhune on the spot. "Okay, apparently not," you say faintly. You recall reading that Ice Witches could turn into terrible blizzard monsters, but you'd assumed it was poetic license.

Performing Rite of Way at a gallop is a lot more challenging than at a march, but this time you're only doing it for a single person, so it's easy to slip into the rhythm and let the miles disappear underhoof as Nadezhda adapts to Ulgu horseback, while overhead a localized blizzard centres around the transformed form of Ljiljana as she flies above you. About three quarters of the way back you overtake the galloping rotas of the city boyars, who appear equally confused and outraged at being overtaken by the three of you.

This also gives you enough time to get back to Boris and Milica, and after Boris formally and stiffly thanks a once more human Ljiljana for her response while Nadezhda stares raptly at him, you begin to plan for the Tzar's imminent arrival and thus for the push into the Shirokij that's bound to begin tomorrow. As Boris explains, due to the rather strained relations between the Tzar and the Ice Witches, the Tzar is likely to ignore the presence of the Ice Witches unless someone forces him to acknowledge them, giving you freedom to deploy wherever you think you'd be most needed. But if forced - by, say, you worming your way into the planning session for the upcoming battle - then you would be made officially part of the chain of command and will have to submit to the Tzar's decision on what part you and the Ice Witches will play. You essentially have to decide between you having some input for and control over the upcoming battle's overall strategy, or you and the Ice Witches having full control over the deployment of magical forces.


[ ] War Council
Have input into the planning for the upcoming battle.
[ ] Witch Council
Have freedom to decide what part you, Johann, and the Ice Witches will play in the upcoming battle.


- There will be a one hour moratorium.
  </body>
</html>