<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 36 Results - 2487.5 - Part 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 36 Results - 2487.5 - Part 4</h2>


Spoiler: Unfinished business



-[*] EGRIMM: Attempt to bring the Light Order into the Waystone Project
-[*] Attempt to bring an organisation into the Waystone Project (The Jade Order)
--[*] The Gambler: Attempt to bring the Jade Order into the Waystone Project
-[*] EIC: Insert agents into Talabecland administration to start gathering their secrets
-[*] Seek official recognition of Kron-Azril-Ungol as an affiliated library of the Colleges of Magic
-[*] Write a paper: Observations on the Chaos Wastes in the western Great Steppes



Altdorf's Southbank is one of the most wealthy and prestigious neighbourhoods in Altdorf, and it is one engaged in a very slow and genteel war where the ancient and somewhat crumbling abodes of many old-money families are being encroached upon by the relentless spread of upper-class commercial interests catering to wealthy and influential visitors to Altdorf. In this the old money have found a rather unusual advantage, as the unseen presence of the Light College on the western edge of the Southbank distorts the streets nearest it to an even greater extent than the rest of Altdorf, rendering it all but impossible to navigate to those unfamiliar with it. Here has formed the heartland of families of aged but diminished fortunes, who cling all the tighter to a status they can no longer afford to maintain and so rely on an abode within a supernatural maze to deter creditors and developers.

Nestled within this odd neighbourhood is an equally odd tearoom, supplying exotic beverages at affordable prices to those who wish to be seen drinking them, who will staunchly refuse to acknowledge the middling quality of the drinks or the counterfeit crockery they are served in. The courtyard outside it is laid out in a triangular pattern radiating out from a central point, and most of its visitors would take the neatness of this pattern as a sign of how upmarket the business is pretending to be. It may be that nobody working here realizes why they feel so compelled to correct even the slightest crookedness in the layout, as they would lack the senses to perceive the immaterial Waystone in the middle of the pattern, and would be equally blind to the currents of Hysh being drawn in from the radiant sunlight and eddying unnervingly around misplaced furniture. All they would know is the subtle wrongness they would feel, and would correct it without ever knowing the source of that sensation.

In a shaded corner of this spiralling pattern sits the Magister Matriarch of the Light Order in all but name, and that two of the tables nearest to her are also in use despite others being available indicates a level of comfort around Wizards that is rare even in Altdorf. Also indicative is that you are meeting her here at all, in a public place quite close to her campus. No more must Lady Magister Mira lurk in the Tempelgarten twilight for her meetings, now she takes tea in clear view of the public with her allies. "Lady Magister," she greets as you approach, and instead of being surreptitiously side-eyed by the others, they openly and politely look over for long enough to acknowledge your presence, as seeing and being seen is as much a purpose of this place as the tea is.

"Lady Magister," you reply, taking a seat across from her. "How fares your Order?"

"More so every day," she says with a pleased smile. "The longer Alric prods at the dark corners of the world for some evil to expunge, the greater an evil it would take him to restore himself to glory."

You nod. "Thank you for agreeing to meet with me."

"Not at all, it's always a delight to meet with such a rising star, especially one who is taking such good care of our Egrimm. He seems more himself now than I've ever seen him. How can we help you?"

"I wish to bring the Light Order into the Project formally."

"More so than we already are?"

You glance at the nearest tables. "Teclis did not start from scratch," you say in Lingua Praestantia. "Nor should we."

She nods. "Dietlinde!" she calls out, and a young woman in an apron hurries over. "Is the back room free?"

"Yes, Lady. Shall I have it readied for you?"

"Please. Tea, Lady Magister?"

"Blue, if they have it."

"Dark for me, water for my guest."

---

"You've been getting yours from Tileans, I take it?" You nod as Mira leads you into the back room. "The variety of tea the Tileans call 'blue', the Cathayans call 'water'. Of course, most Imperial tea-drinkers who have adopted that style of naming teas don't realize it's based on the Cathayan understanding of the Winds." You close the door with a click behind you. "Now, let's talk business."

"We can speak freely here?"

"Of course. The back room of an upmarket Altdorf teahouse is sacrosanct."

"Very well." You take a sip of the tea that had been waiting for you, and find it quite similar to what you've grown accustomed to in Eight Peaks, though the taste is somewhat duller than you're used to. "The Dwarves and the Elves are coming into this Project with millennia of accumulated knowledge. For this Project to work, we must do the same."

"Dear Teclis was not exactly forthcoming with information on the Waystones, even to his favourite pupils."

"If the Light Order wanted to pretend they were all autodidacts in the style of Volans, it should have chosen a less exotic building style. I aim to sit us at a table where Hoeth and Thungni already have seats. We must meet their antes with our own, and ours have lineages to match theirs. Let us bring Tahoth Trisheros to the table."

Egrimm had been either unable or unwilling to uncover more for you than that name, but as Mira narrows her eyes at you over her cup of tea, it seems that it had struck home. "You ask much," she eventually says.

You frown. "I ask on behalf of the world."

"You misunderstand. I do not question the price, I question the wisdom of paying it." She swirls her remaining tea. "Anything we might achieve would be useless if it is subsequently squandered by a resurgent Alric. There are few Light Wizards who can be fully trusted with the information required, and those who are aligned with me are already busy keeping the Order in order, and those that are neutral would require swaying."

You suppress a sigh, and nod as you see where she's going with this. "So you would need external assistance to be able to freely rally the resources I ask for."

She nods, and you take a breath as you ready yourself for the negotiations.


Contributions:
[ ] Magister Egrimm van Horstmann (free)
If nothing else, Mira would allow Egrimm access to some of the inherited secrets of the Order of Light on the weight of Mathilde's deeds and reputation alone.
[ ] Lord Magister Egrimm van Horstmann (1 Favour)
With your vouching for him, Mira would be willing to fast-track Egrimm for promotion and clear him for even more information on the subject.
[ ] Choirmaster Stephen (2 Favours)
Many Light Wizards can lead a choir, but very few can lead them for the weeks at a time it takes for the most potent of enchantments.
[ ] Lady Magister Elrisse (2 Favours)
The Porter equivalent of the Light Order, Lady Magister Elrisse's loyalty to the Order and to the Empire is unimpeachable, and she is cleared for more access to information than any other living Light Wizard.
[ ] Lady Magister Mira (4 Favours)
The personal attention of the acting Magister Matriarch of the Light Order would be quite a coup even before you consider her impressive knowledge and capabilities. 

Favours:
[ ] Denounce Alric (1 Favour)
Getting openly involved in an internal matter of the Light Order might have consequences down the line, but a respected Grey Wizard casting doubt on his loyalties could sway many.
[ ] Investigate Alric (2 Favours)
Promise to personally investigate what Alric is up to in Talabecland, and to inform Mira of all the details.
[ ] Sabotage Alric (2 Favours)
Promise to indirectly interfere with whatever it is Alric is up to. Can be stacked with Investigate Alric.
[ ] Introduction to the Order of Guardians (1 Favour)
The Order of Guardians has millennia of experience against the dark forces of the world, but are usually unwilling to share what they know. Making an introduction between Mira and Gunnars could give the Light Order a foot in the door.
[ ] Permanent access to KAU (1 Favour)
Grant permanent copying permissions to much of your future Library. While this won't directly cost you anything, it will make it rather difficult to renegotiate a more reciprocal arrangement with the Light Order and their Ancient Library in the future.


- There will be a 24-hour moratorium, since I'll be away from my computer for about that long. Voting will be in plan format.
- If you have other ideas for Light Wizards to recruit, or other favours with which to recruit them, feel free to bring them up. 'The Light Wizard who knows the most about X' is a valid sort of Wizard to seek - Mathilde does not know the entire Light Order by name. You can recruit multiple contributing Light Wizards. 
- My original plan was to post this alongside the rest of the turn being resolved, but I went down a number of false starts with this and the Jade equivalent and at this point I just want to get something posted.
  </body>
</html>