<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>070.M42 Interlude: Burning Red, Burnished Gold</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>070.M42 Interlude: Burning Red, Burnished Gold</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>070.M42 Interlude: Burning Red, Burnished Gold</b>​</div><br/>
Subiaco Diablo was lost. The simple fact of the matter was that, regardless of the sacrifices of the Convent of the Ermine Mantle, and the celebrated Canoness Astra of the Adeptas Sororitas who had reinforced them, the world was indefinitely irrecoverable. Half of it had become overwhelmed by the Warp, and an endless tide of daemons born of the Blood God marched across its surface. They, in turn, met and fought against the twisted splinter of Hive Fleet Leviathan which had become so malformed after their travails within the warp. Imperial observers were unable to get close, and the eyes of others were far busier scrying other things that mattered more. In the end, only the Gods would know what occurred in that place. The Gods, and those that served them.<br/>
<br/>
For upon a mound of corpses that could have dwarfed the lost Himalazian Mountains of Terra in its scope, dripping an ocean’s worth of alien blood into the battle-wracked earth, did the Red Angel stand. His campaign of slaughter had been long, and bloody, and the splinter fleet had never actually managed to manifest feeder tendrils. Instead, all biomass had been put towards combatting the daemons of Khorne, enough biomass to take entire Imperial sectors thrown into the charnel pits. For all of that, however, they scored victories. Blasts of bio-plasma launched by titan-sized aliens wiped out hundreds of Bloodletters, Lictors and Warriors clashing and coming out victorious over juggernauts. The psychic blasts of zoanthropes proved most effective indeed, scorching the landscape in the Materium and in the Warp simultaneously.<br/>
<br/>
To those who had once attempted to hold there, to the thousand Sisters of Battle that had long ago died, it had seemed a hellscape of unimaginable proportions. A world half-eaten, half-possessed, fallen in every way that mattered and more. Perhaps it would have been even more incongruous for them to have seen the Daemon Primarch of the World Eaters Legion, the Traitorous Son, the Red Angel, stand in silence and without motion save for releasing approximations of slow steady breaths that in form were far closer to toxic furnace heat released in gusts than anything else. His enormous weapons dug into the corpses beneath him, grips tight but arms held remarkably loosely at his sides. Before Angron, shying away as it bled from a hundred wounds, was none other than the legendary Swarmlord, an increasingly infamous and monstrously powerful tyranid bio-form.<br/>
<br/>
Below, a tide of tyranids met a tide of daemons, but upon that mountain of the dead the two champions stood alone.<br/>
<br/>
Or, at, least, they seemed to.<br/>
<br/>
<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">“<b>I see you there</b>,”</span> Angron chuckled deeply, the rumbles of his bloodstained amusement enough to crack the sanity of most mortals had they heard it.<br/>
<br/>
The Swarmlord reeled before charging forward over metric tons of chitin and dead flesh, boneswords swinging at speeds even most space marines would struggle to perceive properly. It amounted to little as Angron deflected each blow without shifting his stance, his wings barely even twitching, the winds caused by so much movement rattling the metallic tendrils that ran from his head.<br/>
<br/>
<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">“Did you think us unaware?”</span></b> The daemon hissed, knocking the Swarmlord back once more. <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">“Every daemon slain, every soul taken, every essence absorbed!”</span></b><br/>
<br/>
Twin beams of searing red fury made physically manifest out of naught but hatred shot from Angron’s eyes, digging deep cauterized gouges into the Swarmlord, gaining another screech of pain. Only then did Angron move again, an engine of destruction in motion once more. His axes flashed across the alien’s body, hooves cracking through chitin and bone alike. The very air burned around the fallen Primarch, flames manifesting not just around them but within the Immateirum as well. The Swarmlord’s wounds healed sluggishly, and it was a testament to the utterly alien strength of the Hive Mind that one of it’s greatest creations could survive even this much.<br/>
<br/>
<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">“DID YOU THINK US BLIND, BEL’AKOR!?” </span></b><br/>
<br/>
At that, finally, the invisible lines that hung throughout the Warp were set aflame. A deep bellow of pain could be heard throughout the Immaterium for an infinity and more, for a mile and less. In less than an eyeblink, all was revealed such that those long-dead Imperial agents might have been shocked and horrified. The bountiful not-quite-daemonhosts shed their alien disguises, sprouting so many more arms, claws, and mouths. The daemonic legions of Khorne cared little, committing to the fight just as eagerly as before. The laughter of the thirsting Dark Gods boomed in the ears of all throughout the entire planetary system. Those last few vestiges of loyal Imperial souls that had clung to their holy places, their temples and churches and shrines, winked out as they too were washed over by a now boiling Warp.<br/>
<br/>
And thus, did the mask of alien intelligence behind the Swarmlord’s eyes fade.<br/>
<br/>
The façade was over.<br/>
<br/>
“<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">…<b>how</b>…</span>,” rasped the First-Damned, the words guttural and wrenched through an alien mouth not meant for speech.<br/>
<br/>
Angron’s laughter was so bright, so loud, that its heat liquified many of the corpses he stood upon. Even portions of the Swarmlord’s flesh puckered and cracked as it was scorched black, but its nerves had long been overridden to the point that it did not move other than the narrowing of its eyes.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">Your machinations were foreseen long before you arrived</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">,</span>” Angron sneered, liquid brass dribbling down his rictus grin and through his needle teeth. “<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">The slaves of the Corpse-Emperor would have realized nothing. They would even <i>applaud</i> it. Their failure in Octarius would be overcast by a glorious change here. But you</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">,</span>” he gestured at the possessed alien with one of his axes, <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">“And them,</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">” </span>he used the second axe to gesture towards the stars themselves,<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)"> “</span><b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">Are pathetic brothers in idiocy. Using <i>xenos</i> as tools.”</span></b><br/>
<br/>
Bel’akor snarled, the Swarmlord’s body breaking down by the essence within it, now fully expressing itself rather than remaining concealed for so long.<br/>
<br/>
<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">“<b>A tool is a tool, slave</b>,”</span> Bel’akor spat, letting the Swarmlord’s body be buffeted by the instant wave of hatred and heat that erupted from Angron’s daemonic flesh. “<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">Through my puppets, I have swallowed millions of souls! Even now,</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">” </span>a grey-black arm burst from the Swarmlord’s midsection that pointed to the battle going on all around them. “<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">I <i>feast</i> upon your legions, and their strength becomes my own</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">!”</span><br/>
<br/>
The Swarmlord exploded, revealing the Daemon Prince that had hidden within. Wings expanded and beat once, then twice, as Bel’akor stood tall upon the fallen world. A massive blade rested in his right hand. In an instant, their combined hatred for one another struck, a tolling death knell for the world that rang out for miles distant. The <i>Blade of Shadows</i> rose up. In that moment, Angron could perceive the favor of hated Tzeentch hanging about his frame. It was a shadowy thing, befitting the one wielding it in that moment. Plots within plots within schemes wound about through the skein of fate.<br/>
<br/>
<span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(128, 128, 128)">“<b>Perhaps I shall devour <i>yours</i>, slave</b>!”</span><br/>
<br/>
“<b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">I AM NO SLAVE</span></b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:rgb(179, 0, 0)">!”</span> Angron roared.<br/>
<br/>
It had, in the end, been inevitable. The puppets of Bel’akor would continue to commit their full strength to the fight, and so too would the legions of Khorne fight forever. From the void of space beneath the galactic plane where the splinter had originated, from the Warp, they would expend themselves until one or the other were exhausted. As the latter died, they gave of themselves to the one who had stolen control over them. As the latter killed, they gave of what they did to the one who owned them. Blood would flow, the shaped essences of the Warp that were not quite souls would be drunk deeply of.<br/>
<br/>
Subiaco Diablo was lost.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================​</div><br/>
Cadia stood.<br/>
<br/>
Shakily, on legs bloody and broken, on feet crushed and mashed to pulp, with bloody and bruised knuckles on weakly raised fists, Cadia stood.<br/>
<br/>
Warbands of all of the Traitor Legions had been sighted around the Eye of Terror, striking as far as Chinchare to Belial to Caliban and beyond. The entire Agrippina Sector was considered effectively fallen save for the home system where the eponymous Forge World itself remained. Chaos Warbands that had been thought rendered extinct long ago had reappeared, as well as literal dozens of accounts of lost and disappeared ships positively identified beneath the banners and gruesome iconography of Chaos. Every day, more cultist troops arrived out of the Eye of Terror, howling mad and eager for glory in the name of the Dark Gods. Traitorous Guardsmen came on their own fleets of traitorous ships from the Imperial Navy, drawn out of hiding by the bushel from the lure of Chaos. Alien mercenaries of all kinds had been recruited at some point, further supplementing the forces commanded by the Warmaster. Chaos incursions, presences, and holdouts throughout Segmentum Tempestus, Segmentum Solar, Segmentum Pacificus, and Segmentum Ultima were at an all-time historical low – leaving in turn those areas to the predations of the still thousands of minor xeno kingdoms and empires which sought to take advantage of a distracted and overstretched Imperium. The Cadian Sector and all its peers were teetering, collapsing. Daemons were beginning to manifest in greater and greater number as well, to the point that many were beginning to manifest without a sorcerer or psyker summoning them forth. Entire tides of them had begun appearing where the fighting was thickest, driving many of their victims mad before killing them. The Dark Mechanicus was able to exhort their vision of the Omnissiah upon the battlefield, unleashing not only Titan Legios that had turned to Chaos during the Horus Heresy, but those that had been built in the time since, every inch of their bodies formed within the daemonic forges deep within the Eye from the foundation up. Fallen Imperial Knights, either individual renegades or entire Houses holding to some twisted form of fellowship, descended upon the worlds barely held by Imperial fingertips.<br/>
<br/>
Every day, more arrived. More traitors. More madmen. More corrupted xenos. More daemons. More daemon-engines. More Titans. More Knights.<br/>
<br/>
The well of evil seemed without end.<br/>
<br/>
It was whispered, howled, dreamed, and spoken of amongst their misbegotten kind – and extracted in hundreds of Inquisitorial interrogations – that the Cadian Crucible held the Dark God’s attentions like little else had in quite some time.<br/>
<br/>
By now, tens of thousands had witnessed the Living Saint Celestine fall, and tens of thousands had seen her rise, time and again. She was an idol of holy might, a presence that hardened the weakest heart and inspired the most cowardly into ferocious zealots. The Living Saint Sabbat had arrived with her many millions of devoted troops raised out of the Sabbat Worlds, joined by comprehensively massive detachments of all of the Orders Majoris of the Adeptas Sororitas. More space marines had fallen in the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade than in any of the previous twelve combined, both those loyal to the Emperor and perfidious traitors, and yet more arrived all the time. Over two hundred separate Chapters of Adeptus Astartes were represented in the annals by now, all of them at least once in the casualty reports. More Guardsmen were arriving on a regular basis, from emergency raised regiments from Mordian, to a dozen separate full regiments raised of Ogryns, to a shockingly total redeployment of almost all functioning Death Korps of Krieg regiments throughout the entire Imperium to the Cadian Sector – the latter only possible with titanic effort on the part of the Administratum, Commissariat, the Lord Commander Militant and all five subordinate Lord Commanders of each Segmentum.<br/>
<br/>
It wasn’t enough.<br/>
<br/>
More than half of Cadia was enemy territory. Worlds throughout the Cadian System were in similarly dire straits. The nearest Forge Worlds of Demios Binary and Kantrael were under assault once more. Agri-Worlds were in danger of become salted and blackened spheres of death. Alpha Legion infiltrators had claimed credit for crippling the shipyards of Belis Corona and unnatural Warp turbulence was swiftly beginning to strangle any and all travel to or from Cypra Mundi. Many worried that a strike was soon to come to assault the Segmentum Fortress. The Imperial Navy was stretched thin, Battlefleet Gothic and Battlefleet Cadia thoroughly shredded. Incursions throughout the Eye of Terror’s surrounding territories had drawn much of Battlefleet Scarus and Battlefleet Coronus’ strength elsewhere, while Battlefleet Agrippina was bottlenecked in a desperate defense of their home system. The foundries of the Dark Mechanicus had been churning for quite a while, it seemed, for despite the loss of the Planet Killer and the Terminus Est the enemy seemed to possess more ships than the most extreme estimates previously.<br/>
<br/>
However.<br/>
<br/>
The attentions of Chaos being so focused upon a single point had borne them strengths and weaknesses both. They had foreseen the latest attempt of Bel’akor to empower himself further without paying to them all in equal tandem. They came ever closer to permanently ending the hated Living Saints. Every hour, another mind, another soul that had been shuttled to the battlefield surrendered to the glory of Chaos, be they mere Guardsmen, or Astartes who finally had the veil torn from their eyes. Champions of the Dark Gods swelled with power, for their deeds here, and now, within the Cadian Crucible, gained them even greater favor than any distant world or act far and away. Much to the horror of the loyalist scum, of course, who suffered under those so further empowered. Even alien champions were proving worthy, so long as they slaughtered enough Imperials, shattered enough tanks, sacrificed enough souls. The friction that had so often proved the end of such alliances between Chaos-worshippers seemed ameliorated as the Dark Gods grew ever more pleased. It was not to say they did not see all, of course, that they were not aware of other matters in the galaxy. It was simply that they had rarely been so totally entertained.<br/>
<br/>
It was that, and that alone, that provided enough time and space to do what came next.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================================​</div><br/>
Over Cadia, the Warp trembled. It was enough that both of the Living Saints could not help but look up in wonder, for they saw before any others the beacon that was now steadily pushing through the murky depths of the Immaterium. A new flotilla of Grand Cruisers bearing the marks of Khorne had just managed to shoot and ram their way closer to the planet, killing more than twice their number in Imperial Navy ships to get there. Despite the wounds dealt to those ships, it was grimly accepted by many commanders on the ground that they would soon suffer orbital bombardments of terrible power. Lance barrels glowed, macrocannons were reloaded, and the laughing mad crews prepared to unleash apocalypse onto the planet below.<br/>
<br/>
And then the warp split open, and none other than the legendary Phalanx arrived. By sheer width, mass, and speed did its arrival obliterate the entire Chaos flotilla without firing a single shot. The battlefield in the void was too chaotic, all ships present already engaged with one another, and so it could not be said that everything ‘stopped for a single moment’ as some poets and historians might posit. The many ships of Battlefleet Solar that slipped out of the Warp in the shadow of the Phalanx were almost entirely forgotten, but they began immediately firing at will at all available targets. Behind <i>them</i> came dozens upon dozens of Mass Conveyors, each of them carrying a full capacity of a half million Imperial troops of various kinds.<br/>
<br/>
The vox opened on general broadcast.<br/>
<br/>
“Attention all Chaos <i>filth</i>. This is Chapter Master Vorn Hagan of the Imperial Fists. Today is the day you are beaten back. Today is the day that Abbadon cowers and retreats with his tail between his legs as twelve times before! Terra has come for you, treacherous dogs, in all of her fury!”<br/>
<br/>
Upon the main strategium of the Phalanx, Chapter Master Hagan turned to the assembled leadership of those who had traveled hence, the crowd of them impressive by any reckoning.<br/>
<br/>
“Brothers! Ready yourselves for deployment, Cadia shall not fall this day!”<br/>
<br/>
Cheers answered him, and not just those from the throats of the ten Captains of the Imperial Fists. The Emperor’s Warbringers, the Knights of Dorn, the White Templars, the Red Templars, the Hammers of Dorn, the Fire Lords, Night Swords, Death Strike, Invaders, and even two Captains of the rebuilt Celestial Lions slammed fists to breastplates. All Successors of the Imperial Fists who had answered the call after the Battle Over Terra had been won. The Phalanx had once held the entirety of the Imperial Fists and their auxiliaries when they were a true Legion and had easily accommodated them all with room to spare for the rest of their allies that had come with them.<br/>
<br/>
“We have not come alone, either! We come not just as the Adeptus Astartes, but more! We are the Fury of Terra!”<br/>
<br/>
Hagan then looked to the Canonesses standing next to so many Brother-Captains, each of them representing members of the Adeptas Sororitas Orders Majoris as well as more than a few of the Orders Minoris. They had come in great number, called by the words of the Ecclesiarchy in order to support the Imperium at Cadia. A series of tight nods and grim looks answered him from the warrior women. They had brought veterans of many Wars of Faith, and there were more than a few of the Crusaders and more militarized members of the Ecclesiarchy amongst them that were not strictly necessary or allowed under the remit of no men bearing arms, but for the moment they had toed the line enough.<br/>
<br/>
“The Sisters of Battle are prepared to unleash devastation and deliver salvation! The Fabricator-General has sent with us not just their most elite Skitarii, but the Legio Cybernetica, the Titan Legio Excruciata, and the Titan Legio Fortis! House Taranis and House Raven are even now landing their Knights alongside the Freeblades that answered the call!”<br/>
<br/>
And yet all of said illustrious presences were overshadowed by one group that stood apart from them all. For it was they who had enabled this grand conveyance to occur in the first place. They who had arrived upon the Phalanx without any willing to challenge them, whose authority superseded any and all who might have dared speak against them. For it was they, who had brought forth secrets and technologies from the Dark Cells, things thought lost and forbidden that had allowed the adepts of Mars and the Tech-Marines of so many Chapters to revitalize the Phalanx like never before. Though those who had brought such things had returned to their duties afterwards, others had flown in on gilded shuttles instead. For the Phalanx, time enough had been bought to repair, to refurbish, to rearm, to resupply - and then to be flooded with troops ready for the fight.<br/>
<br/>
“The Adeptus Custodes stand with us! THE EMPEROR STANDS WITH US!”<br/>
<br/>
They were but a single Shield Host, and yet their presence had inflamed all upon the Phalanx with implacable fury and righteous hate towards the enemy. Even now, they did not respond to the rousing words and acts of Chapter Master Hagan, merely watched the proceedings in utter silence. But they did not need to. A whisper of their presence was as near a blade as any might carry into battle, the threat of their movement enough to threaten entire armies of Chaos troops into retreat.<br/>
<br/>
“Captain Garadon,” Hagan turned to the Captain of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company. “It is thanks to you that the Phalanx survived unto her revivification. I now entrust her to you once more as I join the battle below.”<br/>
<br/>
“I shall not fail you, Chapter Master,” Tor Garadon saluted.<br/>
<br/>
“In the Emperor’s name,” Hagan nodded to him before glancing out to the crowd “IN THE EMPEROR’S NAME!”<br/>
<br/>
Within an hour the Phalanx had emptied itself greatly. Within an hour, the Phalanx had contributed to the reclamation of total orbital superiority over Cadia. Within a day, the reinforcements of Battlefleet Solar done much the same over half the remaining planets within the system. All the while, however, the forces of Chaos had not ceased in their arrivals, though they could no longer approach Cadia with complete impunity. Instead, they spread their attacks to planets on the outer edge of the system and others within the Cadian Sector, once more demanding that the Imperial Navy spread out to try and repulse them from other locations. The armies of Chaos upon Cadia remained stubborn, and though they were now on the retreat, they forced lakes of blood out of the Imperials for every inch retaken.<br/>
<br/>
The 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade ground ever on…</div>
  </body>
</html>