<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part One)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part One)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>A Breath Choked By Ash<br/>
+075.M42+ To +080.M42+<br/>
Be Faithful! Be Strong! Be Vigilant! - The Emperor of Mankind</b>​</div><br/>
When the Blood Ravens exited the gravity reef around System Jubacael after weeks of careful travel, there was only a short time spent amongst the rest of their allies. Inquisitor Adrastia had awoken, finally, and was well on her way to recovery. Her appreciation for the live capture of Vandis was considerable, even if she very obviously did not provide any answers as to when or how she had acquired the device used to do so. While the loss of her entire Stormtrooper Regiment stung, and her ship had sustained moderate damage, she frankly assessed that the task had been well worth it. If not for the capture of Vandis, then the destruction of the anchorage itself. On that, at least, all present could agree upon. Admiral Graves, for his part, admitted that he was likely to get quite the haranguing from the Lord Admiral of the Korianis Sector due to the loss of a number of his ships. He was, somewhat, hopeful that the stamp of the Inquisition's approval for his aid would ensure he didn't lose a rank or worse. Adrastia did admit that she found him useful, and for an Inquisitor, that was quite a statement – though for good or ill seemed to depend. The Imperial Guard shuffled off to the only planet named Meridian within several lightyears after a few heartfelt goodbyes. The Blood Ravens, on the other hand, could not afford to do so. Rather, their ships direly required repairs, their Chapter Monastery most of all, and so continued on to the Forge World Zerann. Communications began to pass back and forth by astropath to the rest of the Chapter, and so it was that it was not within Subsector Aurelia, but within Subsector Krasus alongside the Inquisitor and the remaining ships of the Imperial Navy that the Blood Ravens were joined together once more.<br/>
<br/>
Sharing reports was all well and good, but it was another thing entirely to behold each other with their own eyes after but five years or so apart. And so it was, over Zerann, within the nearly shattered wreck that was the <i>Litany of Fury </i>that the Blood Ravens met one another. On the one side was the ragged 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, half of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company complement that had been sent after Vandis, and a large number of psykers. On the other, vastly outnumbering them, was the entire rest of the Chapter. As battle brothers joined with one another once more, speaking, telling, joking, commiserating and letting the bonds of brotherhood flourish, the officers turned inwards for a short time. If only to properly take stock with one another and what had occurred in their respective campaigns. The Hunt for Vandis was first of this, told by Gabriel, Justinius, and Tarkus to the rest of the Chapter's upper leadership. There was surprise, sorrow, and pain, but most important of all was the triumph of victory. Even the bitter tang of Mortirex's escape could not taint that overly much.<br/>
<br/>
Then came the tales of the Helba Campaign. Of a Chapter reduced to a single company. Of tyranids in excess of what were faced in the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Aurelian Crusade. But so too was the Imperial response far greater. The extinction of the Odaken done with, the Order of the Lost Rosetta had turned to their now most hated of foes aside from the forces of Chaos, and had reinforced the Mede Subsector. The Imperial Navy of Helba, as well as the Imperial Guard, had all responded as well. It had been quite a large campaign, for the Mede Subsector was large, the Helba Sector actually closer to the galactic core than the Korianis Sector considerably. As such, a tyranid tendril gaining strength that much closer to Terra demanded extreme responses. World after world was reclaimed, and much information pried loose and disseminated about the new 'Shadow Towers', constructs of flesh and brain meant to expand and empower the Shadow in the Warp to the extent of outright preventing warp travel within any system with said tower. A delaying tactic, the better to allow the Hive Mind time to safely devour. In the end, with Cyrus as Force Commander, the whole of the Order of the Lost Rosetta, the remaining Ebon Claws, and as much force that the Imperial Guard and Navy could muster, the xenos were beat back. Five long, grueling years were spent pruning them from world after world, until reaching their original entry point into Imperial space. There, Cyrus revealed that they had undertaken the direst of gambles, directly going after the Norn-Queens hidden on the enemy bio-ships. It was purely through the aid of their allies, luck, and the experience of Cyrus that victory was achieved and the Chapter survived the fighting at all. Indeed, purely by the numbers, the losses experienced outweighed those of the Blood Ravens fallen fighting against Vandis and his lackeys many times over.<br/>
<br/>
Victory, and victory, purchased in blood. Such was the life of a space marine, set down by the Emperor himself since the founding of the Imperium.<br/>
<br/>
Now there was time, even if only a modicum of it, to rest and recover. The Mechanicus was both shocked and outraged by the presence of a nascent Forge World dedicated to their dark cousins, and for destroying it so utterly it was considered just and fair for them to repair the damage to the ships of the Chapter, including those damaged in the Helba Campaign. Especially the <i>Litany</i>. The very spine of the battle barge's superstructure was a near hair's breadth away from cracking irreparably. Then again, the Fabricator-General declared that sustaining such damage in the course of destroying Opus Maxima meant that such holy wounds demanded immediate and strong attentions. Some things, the loss of a few thunderhawks, could also be replaced in time, either through Zerann or others, but the repair of the ships was far more important. Which was made more significant due to just how incredibly busy the shipyards of Zerann really were. The Imperial Navy desperately needed to replace the ships lost against the Suysh, and there were crash training programs for all levels of crew for such ships apparently being carried out across many of the worlds in Korianis according to the Fabricator-General. As such, the repair of the Litany would take a considerable amount of time, but would be done highly comprehensively, as well as the other ships' repairs.<br/>
<br/>
Assured that those Blood Raven ships that required longer-term repairs would be well guarded by the Mechanicus, the Chapter finally turned towards Subsector Aurelia.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>"Governor Derosa," Gabriel returned the smile that the Governor was offering him.<br/>
<br/>
It had taken weeks of work on the part of Martellus, but finally, his bionics were finally fully restored and fine-tuned that much more. He did not garb himself in the mantle of his terminator armor, for that required much longer to fix, but a regular suit of power armor was more than sufficient. He stood at half-attention within her office, the rest of the servants and attendants sent out of the room entirely. The Blood Ravens of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company remained outside as well; a courtesy offered to a close ally of the Chapter. The meeting request had been unexpected, but not unwelcome. Elena Derosa opened her mouth, holding up a glass of some alcohol or another before thinking better of it and placed it on the table on a small coaster of real cork and wood.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master Angelos," she bowed her head to him. "Thank you for meeting with me."<br/>
<br/>
"It is no trouble…," Gabriel trailed off. "Unless it is?"<br/>
<br/>
"Perhaps," she shrugged. "You are aware of the latest cultist problems on Meridian?"<br/>
<br/>
At that, Gabriel's lip curled in distaste.<br/>
<br/>
"I am, yes. More than just usual riots, outright cultists devoted to-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Him, yes," she cut him off, shuddering as even the very thought of the name passed through her. "They are being suppressed well enough by the PDF, but that they haven't stopped – that they're showing up more and more as their very dreams are apparently twisting them around…it is not a good sign. The Ecclesiarchy is sending priests into the Underhive regularly now, trying to buoy their faith, but I do not know if it will be enough."<br/>
<br/>
"A fair consideration," Gabriel rubbed at his chin, walking to join her at one of the enormous windows of her office.<br/>
<br/>
The view of the planet below was lost below the clouds, leaving only a white-grey expanse below and the stars above.<br/>
<br/>
"The very planet of Aurelia was his prison, and it was badly damaged. The Grey Knights, have they done anything more in our absence?"<br/>
<br/>
Derosa waggled a hand.<br/>
<br/>
"They have spent most of their time near Aurelia itself, but have also visited here, on Meridian, as well as Calderis, Typhon, and even…," her irritation softened, "Even Cyrene."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel sighed.<br/>
<br/>
"They have not offered much reasoning behind their movements, and their authority and position seems enough to scare away anyone loyal to the Emperor from interfering. But-," she was cut off as a rather loud beep came from the console built into her desk. Her expression tightened slightly. "Excuse me," she pressed a rune on the console. "What is it?"<br/>
<br/>
"Governor Derosa, my humblest apologies, but…-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master," Gabriel raised an eyebrow as the secure channel vox clicked to life through his comm bead. "Be forewarned, Grey Knights approaching. What are your orders?"<br/>
<br/>
"Calm yourself Sergeant Stromahn," he said quickly even as a now pale-faced Derosa received the same news from her own adjutants. "Do not provoke them."<br/>
<br/>
"…understood, Chapter Master."<br/>
<br/>
"Gabriel," Derosa looked up at him, "I assume you've received the same news as I?"<br/>
<br/>
"Indeed. It seems that Inquisitors and their agents do so love to show themselves without warning," he gave a half-smirk before folding his hands behind his back and turning to face the doors. "Shall we see what they want?"<br/>
<br/>
"It does not appear we have any other choice," she muttered before assuming a similar position. "Let them through, sergeant," she muttered to her own household guard.<br/>
<br/>
Less than a minute passed before the Grey Knights arrived, pushing through the doors. There were only three of them, but each radiated considerable psychic might. Their leader bore a force halberd, the fierceness of his gaze palpable as he glanced from Governor to Chapter Master and back again.<br/>
<br/>
"Justicar Tolmen," Derosa bowed curtly.<br/>
<br/>
"Governor Derosa," the lead Grey Knight grunted. "We bear grave tidings, best delivered by person rather than by other…more easily intercepted methods. Chapter Master, this involves you as well," he said with a slight aside glance. "The Ordo Malleus had finished its investigations and studies. Based upon all of the data gathered, there is only one conclusion – the daemon is beginning to force open the bars of his cage."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel grit his teeth as Derosa leaned down heavily upon her desk.<br/>
<br/>
"It is as we suspected then," she sighed. "Do we…is there any possible…?"<br/>
<br/>
"The sealing ritual relied upon the planet being whole. It is not. Its freedom is, unfortunately, inevitable."<br/>
<br/>
"So there is nothing to be done, then?" Gabriel asked as Derosa cursed quietly to herself.<br/>
<br/>
The Justicar slowly turned his head to face the Chapter Master.<br/>
<br/>
"There is already chatter that his influence is calling those devoted to the Fly Lord towards him, reports of certain devotees leaving their bases behind. We are already doing what we can to reinforce the seals – elsewise he would have already broken free," the Grey Knight said flatly. "Some few years, half a decade, perhaps. Then we will have to contest him outright."<br/>
<br/>
"Along with all the flotsam that he can draw to his side by that point," Gabriel said, eyebrows furrowed.<br/>
<br/>
"Correct."<br/>
<br/>
"Do we have any idea as to <i>who</i> might listen to his call?" Derosa asked without looking upwards from her desk. "Or who already has?"<br/>
<br/>
"Some," Tolmen tilted his head towards one of his brother marines, the other Grey Knight stepping forward to speak in a curiously raspy voice.<br/>
<br/>
"Two warbands have recently abandoned their holdings ahead of multiple strike teams sent to hit them – the Plaguebones, formerly known as the Snakebones, and the Death Bringers. Both former loyal Chapters to the Imperium that fell to Chaos."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel let the information wash over him, the dismay a heavy weight which settled on his soldiers.<br/>
<br/>
"Neither was at full strength at the time of their excommunications," the second Grey Knight continued, "But together, they are a considerable foe. There may be more, it is difficult to tell."<br/>
<br/>
"If we know they are coming, we can prepare our forces to stop them then!" Derosa said, eyes bright with hope which withered as the looked at the impassive Grey Knights. "Can we not?"<br/>
<br/>
"Given current circumstances throughout much of the Imperium, re-dedicating significant quantities of the Imperium's forces for a long period of time from their other duties may prove disastrous."<br/>
<br/>
Derosa's head drew back in shock.<br/>
<br/>
"So we're to be abandoned?"<br/>
<br/>
"No. We cannot allow a daemon of this strength free reign, even this far on the Eastern Fringe," Tolmen shook his head. "Our Brotherhood shall arrive when the warnings we have inscribed on the seals activate, and the Blood Ravens will presumably be on hand to aid in the coming fight. If you have any other allies to call upon," he glanced at Gabriel, "It may be time to do so, if only that they may prepare themselves."<br/>
<br/>
Their warning delivered, the Grey Knights swiftly departed, leaving Derosa and Gabriel behind to contemplate the future. Elena elected to do so with the fortifying drinking of three flutes of some bubbly alcohol, though Gabriel instead simple cast his mind out and reviewed what forces the Blood Ravens possessed.<br/>
<br/>
"Half of the Meridian regiments are deployed elsewhere and cannot possibly be called back. A fourth are still in training, and the other fourth recuperating after Vandis," she spoke up eventually. "And I do not trust the Penal Legions to fight properly."<br/>
<br/>
"You have Penal Legions?" Gabriel raised an eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
"I do now," she nodded. "Food and water riots, the greatest banes to Meridian's ongoing functioning under Vandis, have dropped more than 80%."<br/>
<br/>
"Most precipitous, Governor."<br/>
<br/>
"Yes, well," she did not smile, merely shrugged. "It helps when the hungry and thirsty are fed and watered…so long as they depart the planet forever."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel considered that for a moment.<br/>
<br/>
"None of the Penal Legions of Meridian are slated to return, are they," he stated the truth he'd realized.<br/>
<br/>
"No. They are recombined, reorganized, and sent out continually. Productivity has never been higher, crime and riots are a small fraction of what they once were, all at the comparatively low cost of equipping and training them before deploying them wherever Segmentum Command wishes. And yet, I shudder to think what the daemon might do if they were brought into the fight here."<br/>
<br/>
"I understand. I must return to my battle brothers. Be well, Governor."<br/>
<br/>
"You as well, Angelos."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================<br/>
<br/>​</div>"We all knew it was coming," Justinius mused as the rest of the Chapter's leadership met once more. "At least we have a vague timeline."<br/>
<br/>
"Should we try and fortify Calderis and Meridian?"<br/>
<br/>
"We can try," Gabriel frowned, "But their main target will be to destroy Aurelia, and in doing so, free Ulkair."<br/>
<br/>
"The good Governor is no doubt heavily fortifying Meridian, and unfortunately there is little we can do for Calderis," Cyrus grunted, "It's too wide and open, any major fortifications would become an obvious target, even if it was only to try and evacuate the civilians."<br/>
<br/>
"Argus cannot hold all of the people of Calderis regardless," Tarkus shook his head. "Our best bet would be to position troops there if we are to defend it at all, and with what settlements we can…and still the many nomad clans will be difficult to herd in."<br/>
<br/>
"A fair point," Gabriel allowed. "As for allies, perhaps we may call upon the Order of the Lost Rosetta. We have our differences, but their homes are a short distance away from here, they cannot ignore the threat that the daemon and its slaves may pose."<br/>
<br/>
"What of the Scarlet Lions?" Captain Marcus brought up, his hellishly grotesque face twisting in thought. "They were capable and stalwart."<br/>
<br/>
"And thoroughly infiltrated by the Alpha Legion," Cyrus pointed out before sighing, "Still, they may come to our aid…if they are not otherwise engaged."<br/>
<br/>
"Are there any others?" Gabriel asked, looking around the room before sighing. "If any of you have further thoughts, come and inform me."<br/>
<br/>
<b>Major Warning Delivered By Grey Knights: Ulkair, the Great Unclean One which has plagued Subsector Aurelia for centuries, is breaking free of his prison. His emanations and influence have begun seeping out and is beginning to draw servants and slaves of Nurgle towards his aid while beginning to corrupt the menials of Meridian. He is likely to finally break free in half a decade, give or take a year. <br/>
<br/>
Ship Notations: Litany of Fury Unavailable For Combat For Current Turn. Legacy of Polonius Unavailable For Combat For Current Turn. Blood And Iron Unavailable For Combat For Current Turn. Other ships sustained minor to moderate damage that was repaired prior to turn start. </b><br/>
<br/>
Kraken Splinter Invasion Results:<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Kraken Splinter Defeated, 0 Norn-Queens Survived, Planets Reclaimed, 2 Planets Consumed, Clean-Up Duties Begun Throughout Mede Subsector</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">130 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] -&gt; 100 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] After Fatalities (+25 Gene-Seed Recovered) -&gt; Following Required Implantation <u>100 Battle Brothers [Unassigned] Additionally Active</u></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">197 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] -&gt; 145 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] After Fatalities (15 Gene-Seed Recovered) -&gt; Advances To <u>145 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Active</u></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Aspirants of 700 -&gt; 600 Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] -&gt; 500 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] -&gt; 392 Survivors, Required Implantation Immediately, Granted By Authority of Captain Cyrus Octavius of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. -&gt; Following Implantation <u>359 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Additionally Active</u> [3 Manifested Psyker Capabilities Following Implantation, Remanded to Librarius -&gt; Gain 3 Lexicanum]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x4 Thunderhawk Transporters of <i>Faith's Horizon</i> Lost In Battle</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x4 Thunderhawk Gunships of <i>Sciencia Est Potentia</i> Lost In Battle</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Dead (+5 Gene-Seed Recovered) / 10 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Deemed Veterans</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Dead (+10 Gene-Seed Recovered) / 12 2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Deemed Veterans</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">[247 Gene-Seed Remains After Implantation Process And Recoveries]</li>
</ul>New Notables Identified In Hunt For Vandis/Kraken Splinter Invasion Campaigns<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><u>5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Veteran Sergeant Trogus</u> – Identified during the Hunt for Vandis for successfully keeping his entire squad alive throughout the fighting, whereas every other sergeant was either killed or lost members of their squad, despite repeatedly taking on spear-tip position alongside or occasionally outright replacing the marines of the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company if required. A true protégé of Captain Tarkus, Sergeant Trogus possesses an equally stoic and taciturn temperament mixed with significant if tempered aggression in battle. A true warrior, a true leader. (+F, +W, Bedrock of Battle)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><u>4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Veteran Sergeant Hantu</u> – Fought on the front lines throughout Helba Campaign, proving not simply adept in battle but remarkably diplomatic, swiftly becoming tapped for regular cooperative and coordinative measures with the Imperial Guard and Sisters of Battle also fighting in the campaign. Possesses a remarkable affinity for combined forces combat, and was even granted the honor of commanding certain battles entirely with all three forces under his banner. (Legendary Fellowship: Within The Raven's Shadow, +W, +I)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><u>2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Company Veteran Nicholas</u> – A Meridian High Spire-sourced assault marine who bears all the aggressive tendencies of Captain Hadrian Priscus, Veteran Nicholas repeatedly distinguished himself in the campaign for accomplishing the highest number of high-value target kills through individual combat, exceeding even Force Commander Cyrus. Slaying Hive Tyrants in their nests, ambushing Lictors as they skulked through the battlefield, and cutting down Zoanthropes before they could fully unleash their might, Veteran Nicholas bears a considerable amount of skill, outperforming all others in the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company at the time of this notation. (+WS, +P)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><u>Chaplain Sardus</u> – Became especially notable after surviving a thunderhawk transporter crash behind enemy lines caused by tyranid flying bio-forms during the Helba campaign. Dragged other Blood Ravens forced into suspended animation for survival to safety, proceeded to hold out against non-stop tyranid attacks for three days straight until rescued after having run out of ammo on the second. A true student of Hannibal Palrun, the Master of Sanctity, tireless in energy and unfaltering in battle to the extreme. (+T, +W)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><u>Chaplain Bellero</u> – Slew a tyranid bio-titan after surviving getting stepped on by the beast directly into a highly acidic reclamation pool, Brother Bellero's armor and entire first layer of skin was gone from him even as he climbed and beat the bio-titan to death about the head with his half-broken crozius. Collapsed into suspended animation afterwards, but later returned to battle after healed. Became most proficient at targeting the larger bio-forms of the tyranids despite being largely on foot and began to lead others to do the same as the fighting intensified. Distinguished himself a dozen times over and received commendations of appreciation from both Imperial Guard forces and the Order of the Lost Rosetta as a result. (+S, +T, +F)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><u>4th Company Veteran Sergeant Gelon</u>: Due to the rapid pace of the campaign, Sergeant Gelon found himself and his squad often made do with only basic equipment, himself wielding only a bolt pistol and chainsword for the majority of the conflict. However, this did not prevent Sergeant Gelon from leading several rescue missions for Blood Raven positions as well as that of their allies, at one point preventing advancing fronts from collapsing on ten different occasions in a single month during a crucial phase. Provided invaluable support and guidance to younger scouts and neophytes during the campaign as well. Became targeted by the Hive Mind for assassination, survived all twelve attempts. (+F, +W)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul"><u>Apothecary Aratos</u>: Headed and protected field hospitals set up to support the advances on multiple different worlds, not merely from tyranid swarms but from various Lictors as well. Swiftly became known amongst the Imperial Guard and Sisters of Battle for taking in patients from their own medical camps when capacity was exceeded. Provided expert healing and is personally responsible for saving the lives of the Canoness Preceptors Lanati Kahele and Elizabeth Drake of the Lost Rosetta after both were nearly killed by tyranids. Protects his patients with remarkable ferocity, whether by chainsword or heavy bolter. (+I, +F)</li>
</ul>Relations Changes Post Hunt For Vandis/Kraken Splinter Invasion/Latest Penitent Crusade Actions<br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Ecclesiarchy: Hated[+] -&gt; Bad[+]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Imperial Guard: Suspect[-] -&gt; Suspect</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Ordo Xenos: Neutral -&gt; Neutral[+]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Ordo Hereticus: Suspect -&gt; Neutral</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Order of the Lost Rosetta: Suspect[+] -&gt; Neutral</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Order of the Sacred Rose: Hated and Suspect -&gt; Suspect[+]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Lord Admiral Bernard: Neutral[-] -&gt; Neutral[+]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Admiral Graves: Good[-] -&gt; Good</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Lord General Cervantes: Hated -&gt; Hated [-]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Lord Sector Alexander: Bad -&gt; Bad[+]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Inquisitor Adrastia [REDACTED] (Ordo Hereticus) - Liked[+] (For An Inquisitor) -&gt; Liked[+]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Canoness Superior Margaret Tenenbaum of the Order of the Lost Rosetta: Suspect[-] -&gt; Neutral</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Segmentum Ultima Command: Suspect[-] -&gt; Suspect</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Gained New: Helba Sector -&gt; Mede Subsector: Liked</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Gained New: Order of Our Martyred Lady: Neutral[+]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Gained New: Order of the Valorous Heart: Neutral</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Gained New: Ebon Claws Chapter: Good</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Gained New: Ebon Claws Chapter Master Manin: Good</li>
</ul><u>Lead The Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus's presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage (Write-In Amount) [Note: Those selected will be unusable for any other purpose during the turn this option is selected i.e. 5 years.]<br/>
[] Assign Unassigned Battle Brothers [135] To Companies (Write-In Battle Brother Allotment)<br/>
[] Assign Veterans To 1st Company If Desired (Write-In, If Desired, Not Required)<br/>
[] Assign New Fleet Additions (Write-In Fleet Assignments For Acquired Frigates/Destroyers/Gunships) [IF ANY AVAILABLE]<br/>
[] <b>Significant Mechanicus Offer – The Shadowed Grave:</b> Careful analysis of the recovered Eldar data from their captured ships has revealed much, but perhaps nothing as useful as the possible location as to a vast potential bounty, a hidden ship graveyard within a nebula between Imperial territory. It is, going by the data, filled with ships from a variety of races and eras, amongst them ancient Imperial hulls. One group of which may include a coffin-ship detachment of a currently unidentified Titan Legio. Ordinarily, this alone might draw the Mechanicus forth, but there is more; The Corsair data reports them beginning to be pushed out of the area by an incursion sent forth by the Dark Mechanicus, that heretical sect of traitors to the Cult of Mars. Already, the forces of Zerann and Aerus are marshalling their own legions of Skitarii and ships, and they invite the Blood Ravens to join them, but are prepared to go ahead without you, for the data indicates that speed of utmost importance. Defending and examination of this hallowed grave must be done, either way. The full force of Zerann's 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Explorator fleet is being readied for this. A single company seems it would be a good contribution given the strength of the Mechanicus forces already dedicated to the fight. [] (Write-In Forces Assigned, If Any)<br/>
[] <b>Significant Mechanicus Offer– Fragments of Light:</b> After the Space Hulk designated the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> was fully disassembled, a small amount of Imperial vessels were successfully recovered and repaired to functionality. It's most twisted components, as well as those of clear xeno origin, were disposed of. It has been decades since then, and data analysis has finally completed of the many cogitators within. Most importantly, traces and fragments of an STC have been located, pointing to a desolate system within the Halo Stars which touch the Eastern Fringe. It is entirely unknown what may be there, whether it be xenos, nothing, or all the horrible monstrosities of the Dark Age of Technology. The Explorators of Aerus would highly appreciate the dedication of some Librarians to aid in an area where the Astronomicon's light is so weak. The Explorators are not incapable fighters in the slightest, but a company of space marines could be of considerable value to the fight. [] (Write-In Forces Assigned, If Any)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Desperation - Rise of the Alien:</b> The Deathwatch is being strained to the breaking point, by their own secretive messages to all Chapters in the galaxy who can hear them. Watch Fortresses and Stations are under assault, alien civilizations are rising in ever higher number, deadly threats are growing in severity and breadth. Normally only the best of the best marines would be given over to the Deathwatch, but out of sheer desperation the Ordos Xenos is loosening their standards in an uncharacteristic display of acceptance. That is, apparently, how bad the problem has gotten across every single Segmentum. Ordo Xenos Inquisitors are calling in favors, the Deathwatch is calling upon nearly every Chapter possible to send someone, anyone, as many space marines as possible. With such threats as the Black Crusade, the War for Armageddon, the Hive Fleets, all of the Deathwatch cannot hope to fight back against the apparent thousands of full-scale alien invasions of the Imperium going on across the galaxy without help. How could you possibly stand by and do nothing, in the face of this? (Write-In Additional Forces Sent To The Deathwatch)<br/>
[] <b>Deathwatch Campaign Offers:</b> The Deathwatch is being entirely overwhelmed. They are desperate for a great many more soldiers than many chapters are willing to give. They are, even, willing to give out targets to whole chapters that a single or grouping of kill-teams cannot normally defeat on their own. These are no mere minor invasions, but great gulfs of foes of extreme issue. It is highly advised that the Chapter focuses their efforts on only one of these potential targets at a time, else risk being similarly overwhelmed as the Deathwatch has been.<br/>
-[] <b>The Saharduin Swells</b>: The Saharduin homeworlds and their recently reconquered holdings have become engulfed in utter anarchy. WAAAGH!! Killmash is proving itself to be especially resilient, fighting not just the Saharduin, not just the Dark Eldar who are doing hit and run raids on both, but a new tendril of Hive Fleet Leviathan which has recently arrived, speculated to have been aiming for this cluster of space for centuries. The Imperium has abandoned the subsector entirely as a result, not having enough strength in this moment to contest the four-way war in any respect. Worse, the last reports of the sensor probes and satellites left behind before they ceased transmitting all togther were confusing reports of silently moving but remarkably swift ships of unscannable metals, attacking all four previous factions with remarkably power and deadliness. All battle damage sustained in returned seemed to literally melt or fade away mid-battle. Anyone who attempts to involve themselves in this will be doing so utterly alone. Even the Deathwatch dare not risk any forces into the swirling madness. Recent losses in the Helba Sector and Larsa Sector have significantly increased previous estimates on required times to build and train crews for Imperial Navy ship replacements, but even then, issues elsewhere in the galaxy may lead to the Saharduin matter being tabled for the foreseeable future. Only the incredibly powerful or the incredibly foolish would try to involve themselves at this time.<br/>
-[] <b>Ending The Kra</b>: The Kra Empire's home space has been discovered by the furious Adeptus Mechanicus. With Forge World Amasca reclaimed, as well as the rest of Subsector Tulmis, the Kra have been forced entirely out of Imperial space. Now the Larsa Sector has turned itself to vengeance against the invading aliens, but it is the Mechanicus who are leading the charge, their powerful combined fleet and titans of the Legio Vindicatia and Legio Mortidan having proven the superior to all Kra technology. Apparently the aliens attempted to surrender once they truly comprehended the strength of that which they sought to claim, but they will find no merciful hearts in the cold iron minds of the Mechanicus. Any who join in this effort will be, rather understandably, subordinated to the Mechanicus until the fighting is done. (<b><i>This Is A Passive-Active Action, Meaning Barring Unforseen Events, The Chapter is merely contributing forces to the ongoing extermination of the Kra which is being overall commanded by another force, and will not take up turn posts in and of itself. Basically, 5 years of aiding the Mechanicus directly in battle against the Kra</i></b>)<br/>
-[] <b>Hive Fleet Kraken Splinter Clean-Up:</b> The Helba Sector has been saved, but only in the most technical sense. The combined forces of the Sororitas of the Lost Rosetta, the Blood Ravens, the Ebon Claws, the Rogue Trader Tarquindil Dynasty, and a rallied Imperial Navy and Imperial Guard managed to break the bulk of the tyranid forces and their void-going bioforms, but that will not be enough. Though there are rumors of Eldar involvement in the matter, enough to involve the Ordo Xenos, the job is technically not done. Cleansing the tyranids down to the last spore and disparate synapse creatures will take many, many years. Any aid given over to this will be quite valuable indeed. The Ebon Claws and the Order of the Lost Rosetta seem especially dedicated to this, each having their own grudges against the vile alien creatures. (<b><i>This Is A Passive-Active Action, Meaning Barring Unforseen Events, The Chapter is merely contributing forces to the ongoing hunting down of the remaining tyranids, and will not take up turn posts in and of itself. Basically, 5 years of hunting tyranids down, aiding the Sector, the Ebon Claws, and the Lost Rosetta</i></b>)<br/>
[] <b>Terminator Exchange:</b> Theodosia is willing to produce some Terminator Armor for you, having gotten those specialized forges and designs online. But she will, one, require a full squad of marines with at least one psyker amongst them to safeguard the area - not that she doesn't trust the defenses and holy blessings of the Omnissiah, she just wants to ensure protection for your own equipment. And the hexagramic wards of the Blood Ravens should be especially valuable. Second, for each set of five terminator suits you desire built, she will require aid in other things, allowing her to free up production systems for what you desire. [1 Squad+Librarian Required To Help Oversee Production Whenever Selected. 1 Squad Required For Minor Favor Works In Exchange Per 5 Suits]<br/>
[] <b>Calling For Allies:</b> It seems that the daemon Ulkair is once more readying for an attempt to break free and wreak havoc. This time, he is calling through the Warp to those enslaved by Nurgle, desiring them to aid him in the destruction he so desires to enact. Yet the Blood Ravens, battered as they are, are not without their own allies and connections they may elect to choose. While it is unlikely that all would simply lay aside their duties and desires immediately, perhaps with forewarning, they may be able to aid when the inevitable does occur? [] Write-In Who To Contact. EX: Scarlet Lions Chapter, Order of the Lost Rosetta, Ebon Claws Chapter, Other Individuals) <b>Success is NOT Guaranteed. The galaxy is anarchic, and they may well be unable to turn away from their own conflicts. This merely informs them that in about 5 years time or so (1 Turn) their aid would be greatly appreciated. </b><br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training For Gabriel</u><br/>
As Apollo's Skill Is No Better, Training Referred To Cyrus For Ballistic Skill, Last Skill To Be Improved Through Training<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Only Strength Can Still Be Trained]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and can be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it must be specified that they do so.<br/>
- If Ulkair is beginning to rise in power again, much is to be done to prepare for this, whether in numbers, arms, or allies.<br/>
- The Deathwatch seem desperate indeed, willing to take scouts, veterans, or even tomb-brothers, should they be sent to them.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest At Start Of Next Turn. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use. [Possess 247 Gene-Seed+130 Gene-Seed From Unassigned Battle Brothers]<br/>
[] Implant Neophytes [2nd Stage] (??? Total)/ Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage] (??? Total) with Gene-Seed (I.E. Implant However Many Survive Recruitment This Turn, If Any At All)<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
- The Arcanum may have the largest of our Apothecarium, but it is the Potentia that possesses the most advanced, as befitting its name. This should aid in the works of the Apothecarium for its purposes in the future.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Justinius Probalis - Chief Librarian (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Request to recruit and train potential psyker aspirants from the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. High likelihood of successful training and implantation for recruits made in this manner.<br/>
[] The Raven's Talons: Justinius believes that it should be possible to craft weapons that would be highly effective against daemons and the malefic powers of the Warp itself, as Godsplitter is. With five usable shards taken from Wailing Doom of the Unknown Craftworld's Avatar of Khaine from Typhon Primaris, he believes he could make similar weapons. Whether another daemonhammer, a blade, axe, maul, or spear, he thinks it possible. [100 BP Per Raven Talon, Powerful Anti-Daemon Power Weapons, x4 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Weapon. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.</b>]<br/>
[] The Raven Aegis: The powers of the Warp and the daemons of Chaos are things that you know for a fact the Blood Ravens will face in the future. Creating talismans which would protect against such things would be incredibly valuable indeed. Justinius' successful efforts at using the materials of the fallen Avatars of Khaine from Craftworld Ulthwé has made him believe it possible to create such things. [50 BP Per Raven Aegis, Powerful Anti-Daemon/Warp Protection Talisman. x6 Shards Remaining For Usage In A Talisman. <b>Success is not guaranteed for creation.]</b><br/>
[] Something Else Entirely - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider - Justinius Probalis</u><br/>
- The latest combat against the daemons of the Judgement of Carrion has made me think on the daemonhammer that the Chapter Master wields. We could, perhaps, use more of such weapons. It was created using a shard of the weapon of an Avatar. Perhaps we could make some ourselves, if we studied it enough?<br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (675 BP Available)<br/>
[] Bionic Replacements For Those Wounded In The Hunt For Vandis (Costs 125 BP For 20 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines To Be Returned To Full Combat Capability)<br/>
[] Full Repair For Gabriel Angelos' Extensive Bionics (Costs 35 BP)<br/>
[] Extensive Bionics For Returning Apollo Diomedes To Duty (Costs 35 BP)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The Omnia Arcanum [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The Litany Of Fury [0/750] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The Howling Hatred [0/750] to receive an additional +25 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The Rage of Erudition [0/750] to receive an additional +25 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Construct Forge Facilities On Company Ships (Current/Former)<br/>
- [] The Ravenous Spirit [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The Spiraling Fury [13/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The Burning Seeker [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The The Great Father's Fist [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
- [] The Legacy of Polonius [0/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [200/????]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- We should probably build more Tarantula turrets.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We have proven, now, our techmarine cadre to have the ability to properly construct the forges on our ships. We should continue this practice, for the Chapter is dangerously under-equipped compared to the strength it once possessed before the Purge.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- Have we considered building more Tarantula turrets? Deploying them to aid our forces in upcoming fighting would be most valuable indeed, all things considered.<br/>
- Thank goodness the Potentia has returned to service. Amongst the rest of the ships within the Chapter Fleet, it possesses the most advanced forge facilities, as befitting its name. This will surely aid me in construction of more advanced technologies in the future, as well as their study!<br/>
- Our Chapter will remain low in number for quite some time yet. I believe that one of the best ways to alleviate such issues is the noble Tarantula turret.<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
- Cyrus is extremely good at guiding his students. We require many more suits of scout armor than anticipated, otherwise they'll be near defenseless on the battlefield, Chapter Master.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon All Four Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds (Calderis/Trontiux III/Meridian/Junius) And Train Those Who Survive<br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds (Write-In) [Note: If desired, as to leave one or more planets to grow their population, recover, out of lack of Gene-Seed for the potential crop, etc.]<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.<br/>
- So many scouts require armor and equipment. Otherwise, they are but moving targets.<br/>
- With the arrival of many experienced 1st Company Sergeants, more Blood Trials can be enacted without Cyrus' direct observation.<br/>
- The Deathwatch would not ask so desperately if it were not needed. We could, conceivably, send scout marines to them. A number of these scouts would die, but they would die doing the Emperor's work. Those that survive would return with a vast amount of experience as well.</div>
  </body>
</html>