<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Planning the Waystone Project, Part 5</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Planning the Waystone Project, Part 5</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



Tally

[*] Plan: Cleaned Up College of Collaboration
-[*] Branch College
--[*] Headquarters: Karag Nar
--[*] Charter: Research: Studies involving collaboration between the Colleges of Magic, and between the Colleges and divine miracle-workers, with a particular focus on working with Runesmiths.
--[*] Colleges (all)
-[*] Karak Eight Peaks: To the degree it safely and sustainably can, let K8P gather, preserve, and disseminate knowledge to all goodly folk. Let the tool of this boon be a library and all the books that might be gathered to it, watched over by those of any race who would swear and be accepted as librarians.
-[*] Karak Kadrin Engineers Guild: A gyrocarriage



With your idea for a branch College solidified, you've sent a proposal through the proper channels, and in short order you're invited to a meeting with the Magister Patriarch and the Provost to hammer out the details in one of the medium-security meeting rooms.

"Tricky," Algard says thoughtfully as he looks over the proposal once more. "Collaboration between the Colleges is straightforward enough, and you've got a fair bit of experience with that. But between the Colleges and clergy... well, I suppose you put your best foot forward, there. The Cults don't like any suggestion that there's any sort of similarity between the Arcane and the Divine, but they won't make too much of a fuss about it if it's built on collaboration with Runesmiths."

"It's usually the Cult of Sigmar that would spearhead that sort of thing, and they're doctrinally obliged to get along with the Dwarves," Kurtis agrees. "With them defanged the next most likely to raise a fuss would be the Ulricans, and since the first project of this branch would be with the Eonir, the Ar-Ulric will almost certainly nix any sort of pushback."

"Where is Karag Nar, anyway?" Algard asks. "One of the Black Mountains Holds?"

"It's one of the titular Eight Peaks," you reply. "It's home to the human citizens of the Hold, and the branch of the Imperial Gunnery School."

"Ah, right. Well, the distance will help buffer you well from any problems, and being something of a brother branch to the Gunnery School won't hurt either."

"'Intra-Collegiate and Extra-Collegiate Studies'," Kurtis says thoughtfully. "With the example given being collaboration with the Runesmiths... do any of the Dwarven Witch-Hunters have a presence there?"

"King Belegar's Chaplain is a member of the Order of Guardians."

"Then you should be well insulated from any sort of official criticism."

"The phrasing allows for the possibility of working with Damsels and Ice Witches. Any plans in that regard?" Algard asks curiously.

"Nothing set in stone, but I did intend to leave the option open. Carcassone and Kislev both showed an interest in the Waystone Project, and it may be possible to bring them on board even though they aren't hosting it."

"Both parties are protective of their secrets," Kurtis says, "but then, so are the Runesmiths and the Eonir."

"What about your lot, Kurtis?" Algard asks.

"The Middenland Hedgewise call themselves 'Cunning Folk'. They're Ranaldites and they have a long-running feud with the Ulricans, so it might be difficult to bring them on board. The Nordlanders are Haléthans and as such are largely concentrated east of the Salz to watch over the Forest of Shadows, so they don't really have any bad blood with the Elves."

"Something to keep in mind, once you're established," Algard says with a nod.

"By which the Magister Patriarch means that collaboration with them may be of use as a pretence for ascertaining their suitability to join one of the Orders of Magic, as required by Article 13," Kurtis says. "Otherwise collaboration with the Hedgewise would make you a party to a breach of Article 3."

"That is of course what I meant," Algard says with a smile. "I understand said ascertaining can take quite some time."

"Years. Decades, even." Kurtis agrees.

"Got to do the job properly."

---

"Right," Belegar says as he takes a seat at the conference table with a sigh. "You've come up with a way for me to repay you for the retaking of my home?"

"I have," you say, sliding the paper across the table. You spent far too much time revising the wording of the request to not give it to him in writing. Vala-Azril-Ungol vornit urbar kron, karakar kron, dawri afanaddokar kron. Gandar, barar un zintar grozkron gronit barazit dawri, dawi un nadawi. A great library made for and by all the good people of the world, whatever their species.

"A library," he says. "Straightforward. That shouldn't be a problem. The staffing, though... I take it you had humans in mind?"

"Any species," you say firmly, "as long as they don't act against the Civilized Realms and are willing to swear the proper oaths."

"That could cause trouble down the line," he says thoughtfully, "but I don't see anyone but the Dwarves and humans and Halflings of the Karak being willing to join it any time soon, so it's trouble for whoever wears the crown after me. There's been some talk among the Runescribes of establishing something, but they've been stuck on whether or not to restore the Hall of Reckonings for years now. I'll redirect them into making this happen. As for acquisition... how involved will you want to be in this? Edda would be quite capable of laying the groundwork and the rest could be up to whoever ends up being Loremaster after you, but you'd be the natural choice for running this organization if you're willing."

[ ] (LIBRARY) Hands-off
Mathilde will have no involvement at all beyond this point, but will retain full rights to peruse the contents of the library.
[ ] (LIBRARY) High-level policy
Mathilde will be able to make decisions such as location, selecting a Head Librarian, and setting broad policies, but will not have day-to-day control over the library, so it will not consume any meaningful amount of Mathilde's time.
[ ] (LIBRARY) Head Librarian
Involved in all the day-to-day workings, and able to make staffing decisions, negotiate access to new sources of books, assign priorities for book acquisition, and make sure the day-to-day of the library is going fine. Will count as an organization under Mathilde's control, so will cost a half-action a turn.

[ ] (LIBRARY NAME) (write-in)

[ ] (BRANCH NAME) (write-in)


- There will be a twenty-four hour moratorium for everyone to stretch their creative muscles and come up with name candidates.
- Names can be in English or Khazalid or both.
- If Mathilde goes full hands-off, the library will still operate in the spirit in which the winning vote was intended.
- Don't be concerned about ending up with an odd number of half-actions assigned, there'll be tweaks to the AP system when the quest fully switches over to the Waystone Project that'll make that not a concern.
  </body>
</html>