<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 8</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Unrest in Ostermark, Part 8</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Witch Council
Have freedom to decide what part you, Johann, and the Ice Witches will play in the upcoming battle.

Tally



As the Tsarevich, Boyars, and Rotamasters confer with the Tzar, you and Johann hold your own little conference off to one side with the Ice Witches, with Ljiljana translating for Milica and Nadezhda. Ljiljana and Milica are both capable of the Ice Witch equivalent of Battle Magics, summoning blizzards to freeze a few or to hinder many, and freezing the river to make it easier to cross or to severely inconvenience anyone midway through fording it. And while Nadezhda isn't yet fully comfortable with all but the least of Battle Magics, this battle taking place in a forest gives her an unexpected advantage: a tree rapidly frozen will explode, potentially causing all kinds of damage with wooden shrapnel and falling branches, thus allowing her to have battlefield-scale effects with more reliable magics. And, of course, Ljiljana has the ability to turn into some sort of... giant ice bat? Which certainly looked like it could do some damage in a fight. Unfortunately, it seems like an encore of her performance at the Kul camp is not a possibility.

You share the most relevant of the capabilities of Johann and yourself, and spark a brief and confusing debate over whether the Mystifying Miasma actually interferes with the flow of time or just mortal perception of it, which then evolves into an even more abstract argument over whether there is a meaningful distinction between the two. Ljiljana looks quite relieved when the debate she'd had to translate every word of is interrupted by the approach of Kovnik Loza, who is doing a fair job of masking how intimidated he is.

"The path to Ryazan is a narrow cart-path along the Shirokij River," he relays to you. "The Kreml Guard and the rotas of Resvynhaf, Rakhov, Volstara, and Resov will clear-cut the trees alongside it to enlarge the path, and will use the logs to build fortified positions along it. The krugs will scout in force through the forest within horn's blow of the path. The other rotas will patrol the expanded path and stand ready to respond to any contact with the enemy along it."

You nod to yourself as you consider that. Strategically, it reshapes the would-be battlefield into a form more suited to the Kislevites and less for the enemy, and puts the enemy in a position where the longer they hang back, the stronger Kislev's position becomes. If they refuse to engage at all, then the Shirokij will soon be cut in half by a fortified and enlarged road all the way to Ryazan, at which point the enemy must either engage or lift their siege of the village and withdraw to one half of the Shirokij or the other. And in terms of morale, responding to a warband from Athel Loren by cutting a swath through the heart of a forest is likely to make them want to react. It's a strategy that will either provoke a quick reaction or punish the lack of one, and either scenario is a win for Tzar Vladimir.

It also plays to the individual strengths and avoids the most prominent weaknesses of the involved forces. Resvynhaf, Rakhov, Volstara and Resov are all woodcutting stanitsas, so they would have a familiarity with forests that the other rotas would lack, so they would be the ones most able and equipped to act as lumberjacks and the ones most likely to be able to deal with any reaction their clear-cutting might provoke. The krugs of the southern oblast are likewise used to the forests that hem in their lands, and would have honed their ability to be able to negotiate the forest on horseback while hunting in them. And the rotas from the city and from the unforested stanitsas are, like most Kislevites, largely ignorant of acting in forests, so they will be patrolling the cleared path and otherwise being kept in reserve until battle is joined, at which point they can travel along the path most of the way and dismount and engage the enemy on foot.

For a strategy formed with little information about the enemy and for terrain so far removed from what the average Kislevite is used to, it's certainly sound. The only remaining question is what part you and the Ice Witches will play in it. You begin to discuss it with them, and though they don't come right out and say so, it quickly becomes apparent that the Ice Witches are holding off on making any decision until you give your own perspective. Considering the enemy and the terrain, you suppose that makes sense - if you were about to go into a battle against Norscans on the steppes and had an Ice Witch on hand to advise you, you'd definitely listen.



Mathilde
[ ] [GREY] Scouting the forest with the krugs
[ ] [GREY] Guarding the forest rotas as they expand and fortify the path
[ ] [GREY] Patrolling the path with the city rotas
[ ] [GREY] Standing ready to respond with the Tzar and Boyars
[ ] [GREY] Investigate Boyar Kalashinivik
[ ] [GREY] Other (write in)

Johann
[ ] [GOLD] Scouting the forest with the krugs
[ ] [GOLD] Guarding the forest rotas as they expand and fortify the path
[ ] [GOLD] Patrolling the path with the city rotas
[ ] [GOLD] Standing ready to respond with the Tzar and Boyars
[ ] [GOLD] Other (write in)

Ice Witches
[ ] [ICE] Scouting the forest with the krugs
[ ] [ICE] Guarding the forest rotas as they expand and fortify the path
[ ] [ICE] Patrolling the path with the city rotas
[ ] [ICE] Standing ready to respond with the Tzar and Boyars
[ ] [ICE] Other (write in)



- There will be a twelve hour moratorium - to consider the new information, to allow for any write-in strategies to develop, and to give people enough time to look up from Total Warhammer and notice an update has happened.
- The possibilities I've given only allow for supplementing part of the forces according to the Tzar's plan. Anything more creative will be the domain of write-ins.
  </body>
</html>