<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 4</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Chapter 4</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">As it happened, Tapu Lele was waiting for her outside of the cave. The second she stepped out Diglett Tunnel, a pink aura grabbed her by the scruff of her shirt and lifted her to face it. The Island Guardian blinked at her for a second, before pulling her along so quickly that Olivia had to remember to breathe. Finally, after a quick, if painful, journey, Olivia was settled down in front of the Ruins of Life, Tapu Lele staring at her quietly.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Olivia knelt just as quietly, just for a second, and Tapu Lele danced around her in amusement before a heavy, almost crushing weight entered her head. Olivia slacked her jaw and didn't fight it. Like in all things, Tapu Lele was not particularly careful about what it did with its psychic powers. But at the same time, they weren't as savage as people made them out to be.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
 Yes, memories were drawn towards the front of her mind and casually perused without her explicit consent, but they weren't ripped forwards, torn from her mind. Tapu Lele hummed quietly, head tilting above her shell as images of Izuku, Inko, Blanket and the pulsing of the Ultra Wormhole.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<i>Interesting</i>, the voice that came was soft but powerful. It was part of the unique relationship that the Kahuna of Akala had with their Tapu that the others didn't. While she wouldn't insult Tapu Koko, Bulu or Fini by implying they were less intelligent then Tapu Lele, <i>They are</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Well, they were certainly more modest Tapu Lele.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
That got a shake that counted as a laugh from the Island Guardian of Akala, <i>Modesty is for the weak, Pet. They would boast the same about me.</i><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Somehow she doubted that.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Another shake of laughter, <i>Continuing on, Pet, this is a very interesting thing.</i><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Anyways, as she was saying. The other Tapus weren't Psychic types, so they couldn't hold conversations with their chosen Kahunas. It made interpreting their will, <i>Far easier?</i><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Yes," Olivia agreed.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<i>You're quite welcome for me taking the time to make your life easier then the other's pets, Pet. Now, let me consider what to do with the new aberration… very well, I've decided, you can keep it, it should prove quite amusing.</i><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
That was fast.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<i>I always love things that make my life more interesting, Pet, and I feel this will prove quite interesting. I will raise my face to the other Gods, and they will abide by my desires.</i><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"You're confident," Oliva said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<i>It is a child, Pet, not one of those… What do the people of Aether call it? Ultra Beast? It is not an Ultra Beast, it is a child. It will not cause harm to Alola. You will foster the thing, take it under your wing.</i><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
He has a mother."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<i>Ah, yes. Then not foster, what is the term… babysit? Mentor it. Teach it to live alongside the people of Alola. Act as if it will become the next "Kahuna". It won't, but it will let it learn to be undisruptive to the world we have crafted for ourselves. You have already done the first step with,</i> a smile curved across Tapu Lele's eyes  <i>"Blanket". Go now, prepare to show him Akala. I will send a servant to meet with you then. Ah, and find what Kosei means and does, it's quite interesting.</i><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Izuku walked out of his bedroom with Blanket holding onto one hand. The minute they were out, Blanket let go and rushed over to the hill of sand Olivia had left last night and immediately dived in, happily chewing on the sand. Izuku smiled and walked over to sit on the floor next to him, "Don't eat too fast, Blanket, you'll give yourself a tummy ache."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Tar?" Blanket looked up and tilted his head, before going right back to eating just as fast. Well, if he got a tummy ache, it wasn't Izuku's fault. He had tried to warn him!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Izuku sat at the table as his mom made rice and fish for breakfast, jumping up and down in his chair as he waited. He had a Quirk, and a new friend, and was gonna see new stuff today, it was gonna be awesome!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Izuku ate his breakfast quickly (but not too quickly!) before standing up and hopping in place, "Ready Mom?"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"I suppose," his Mom sighed, watching Izuku tap Blanket's head and his pokemon stand up from his breakfast. Izuku cracked his fist before throwing a Detroit Smash punch at the air. The air cracked like a plate and shattered, opening a portal in the middle of the house. Izuku took his mom's hand in one and Blanket's in the other, and they walked through the portal into Alola.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
His mom blinked and looked around, mouth opening and closing.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Hey, Keiki,"  Olivia said, sitting on a rock outside the cave, "Midoriya-San, welcome to Alola."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Inko looked around the quiet road in shock, breathing in and taking in the salty air. Part of her was still trying to understand that her son could open portals hundreds of miles, if not more, away. Macro scale portal Quirks were rare. Very rare.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"I feel like we were having a two way conversation yesterday," Olivia said, "I didn't know what a Quirk was. And I still really don't. Is it a psychic power?"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"I… You don't know what a Quirk is?" Inko asked, "How? Eighty percent of the population has them!"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Eighty percent of the population where you're from," Olivia corrected, "Do you know what that is?"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
She punctuated the "that" with a nod towards the pulsing portal that was slowly closing behind them.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"A portal!" Izuku chirped, smiling broadly.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"More specifically, it's what we call an Ultra Wormhole. Rifts across space, time and dimensions. What you're doing, keiki, is opening portals in between dimensions. That's why we don't have Quirks and you don't have Pokemon. Because this isn't your earth, and your earth isn't-"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"-ours," a slimey voice said from behind the portal, apparently uncaring of the fact that everything Olivia had just said had sent Inko's mind spiraling into freefall. Portals between dimensions? That was possible? That was what Izuku was doing when he punched?<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Out of behind the portal came a man with slicked back blonde hair, wearing large green sunglasses and a white lab coat. The hungry look in his eyes as he stared at Izuku immediately set Inko on guard, and she did what came naturally. She stepped between him and Izuku, hearing shuffling behind her. When she glanced back, she saw Blanket had forced his way in front of Izuku, stony lips rolling back so he could bare his fangs at the man behind Inko.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Good Larvitar.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"You should have said it was a child that opened those Ultra Wormholes, Olivia," the man said, and Inko shot a glare at Olivia, only to see she was standing ramrod straight, an aura of authority seeming to radiate from her.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"It was none of your business, <i>Faba</i>," Olivia spat, "I've spoken to Tapu Lele, she doesn't care if you interact with Izuku, but they have ruled that I am to protect Izuku on Akala. You're not going to harass him while I'm around. And staying to spy on a private meeting is harassment. Leave, Faba."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"He revolutionizes-"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"He has a name," Inko snapped, on guard.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Tar!" Blanket snarled out, purple energy seeming to leak from the corners of his mouth.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Stop acting like he's one of your research subjects, Faba. He's a child who can't give consent for your experiments, and I won't let you touch him so long as he's under my care," Oliva continued. Inko's respect for the woman was rising in time with any respect she might have had for Faba dropped, "Come on, we can continue this at my house in Koneki City. Away from harassment."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<a class="link link--external" href="https://youtu.be/QINWOtjTaDE" rel="nofollow ugc noopener" target="_blank">Mimikyu</a> stood in the shadows, staring out at the streets through the holes in her costume. <s>It wasn't fair that these damn Pikachu got the love. What did they have that she didn't?</s> After carefully checking to make sure the vendor was busy with a Litten, she rushed out of the shadows, leaping onto the stall and quickly scooping up some berries. Oran, mostly, ones that won't be missed, but a couple of Aguav.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Before she could jump off, she turned to find herself face to face with a young human with curly green hair and green eyes. Mimikyu locked up, prepared for herself to be caught and-<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Olivia, can we try some of these fruits?" the boy asked in a language Mimikyu had never heard before, walking forwards and taking the berries from her before picking up Mimikyu and sliding her down his shirt with weird symbols on it. Mimikyu dug her claws into his back, but if he felt any pain, he didn't show it. <s>Why was he doing this? Why wasn't he scared of her!?</s><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"You sure you wanna try that one, Kenki? It's really bitter," another voice said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Yeah, M sure," the boy said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Alright then," Mimikyu listened to the transaction of money before they started walking. Suddenly, something slid up the shirt towards Mimikyu. The Aguav berry!<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Mimikyu grabbed it, only to remember she had been gripping onto the boy with both hands and fell out of the shirt and onto his hands with a faint "plop". Mimikyu blinked up at the tanned woman staring at the two with an amused expression on her face, "Those berries weren't for you, were they, keiki?"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"It was gonna steal them!" Keiki said, "stealin's wrong! This way it gets the fruit and the seller sells!"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Mimikyu that live in cities often have to steal food. People don't like them very much," the woman said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Why not?" Another woman said, "It's kinda cute."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"They're seen as omens of death."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Omen of death?" Keiki repeated.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"It means people think they make you die," the first woman said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"But… it's a Pokemon," Keiki said, staring down at Mimikyu, "Why aren't you eatin', little guy?'<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Mimikyu blinked again, before pulling her hands into the shadows of its costume and beginning to chew. A hand suddenly pulled up the costume, and the boy stared at Mimikyu.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<s>Here they went, the screaming, the thrashing, the pain and hatred.</s><br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"So that's what you look like under there," Keiki said, "I'm Izuku. What's your name?"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Mi- mimi- Mimikyu," Mimikyu croaked out as the costume dropped back over it and another berry was handed over to her.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Mimimimkyu?"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Just Mimikyu, Keiki," the first woman said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"Can we bring it with us, at least until it's done eatin'?" Izuku said.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
"...I suppose," the second woman sighed.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Mimikyu didn't want to admit it, not yet.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
But she thought she found a home.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
—<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Yes, yes, I know, "The pokedex says anyone who sees Mimikyu dies-" I don't fuckin' <i>care</i>. This is supposed to be a sweet, heartwarming story and that means Izuku, somehow, blame Aura if you <i>have</i> to have a reason, managed to see what Mimikyu looked like and accepted it through pure hearted love and understanding.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Next chapter, we time skip to the Pokemon League.<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Thoughts, questions, opinions? Good? Bad? Meh?</div>
  </body>
</html>