<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Five): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Five): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left">[X] Land And Fortify - All Companies+Leadership &amp; Associated Vehicles and Specialists​</div>[X] 10th Company deploys to Slaughra Desert World and continues destroying food and fuel en masse<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b><br/>​</div>There is much to be said of the Titans, the god-machines of the Adeptus Mechanicus. Such mighty beasts of technology they were that even Cyrus knew the faintest hints of awe and trepidation upon viewing one in open battle. Grim anger was the more usual emotion that fluttered through his cold heart when he was forced to face the Titans of the enemy. Of which there were many kinds of course. He had seen the most exotic and horrifying of machines that the Dark Eldar could unleash. The crackling green lightning over metal as black as the void from an awakened Necron Tombworld. Gargants as well could be a threat of truly devastating proportion if marshalled by an ork of significant enough will. But none of these made him feel foreboding as an unleashed Bio Titan of the Hive Mind.<br/>
<br/>
“Detonate the explosives, detonate now!” He barked into the vox, and watched without passion as they went up across the swirling desert.<br/>
<br/>
It was not finished, that monstrous creature. A slaughra given ballooned form, tyranid chitin and claws extending from a multitude of undulating tentacles. It was barely birthed, not fully formed, and that is the only reason it died. The greater plates of chitin which could have resisted blasts from volcano cannons had not interlocked fully, and the vulnerable flesh beneath erupted in vortex and plasma explosions that could be seen from a full mile away. It had taken a significant amount of negotiation with the fleet above to allow him to use the warheads of the torpedoes, but they had acquiesced in the end. If only they had gotten <i>more</i>, before Cervantes had shifted his forces closer and closer. There were many things that Cyrus would do in the name of victory, but needlessly destroying the Guard and reducing them to glass along with the desert was not one of them. When it was not absolutely required, at least.<br/>
<br/>
Still, the creature died, screaming, the blasting sands reduced to boiling molten seas of glass that would solidify eventually. Sheets and panes of flash-forged glass whipped about in the endless desert storms that rocked the world, some shattering harmlessly against the ground or against tanks. Others broke upon some of the scouts, who would require healers for the foot-long shards lodged in their armors and bodies. One scout was unlucky enough to have his entire throat torn open, but lived. In time the flesh would heal. At the least, the Librarius had truly come through in locating the creature in its secreted womb deep within the desert before it could be unleashed. That a half dozen other secondary targets were successfully destroyed was simply a bonus.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title"> Slaughra Swarm (Z04X)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Libarius Scrying And Planning: 94. Extremely Successful Results!<br/>
Cervantes Obstruction Attempts: 62. Notable Success. Effects: 10th Company Effort Success Reduced In Potency!<br/>
10th Company Efforts: 80! Significant Success. Effects: Effective Efforts Against Swarm Military Targets!<br/>
WARNING: Slaughra Genestealer Cult Has Activated Tyranid Bioforms Out Of Desperation!<br/>
Conquest Progress:<br/>
Slaughra Capital World - 27% Imperial, 73% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Ice World - 35% Imperial, 65% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra Desert World - 30% Imperial, 70% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Primaris - 45% Imperial, 55% Slaughra<br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Secundus - 40% Imperial, 60% Slaughra<br/>
Z04X Space Control: Contested - Imperials Strongly Dominant, Z04X Swarm Naval Strength Exterminated, Z04Y Swarm Navy Surrounded And Brought Down In Attempt To Retreat To Home System</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<b>Decisions For 10th Company (Choose One):</b><br/>
[] Focus On Civilian Centers - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. But this is not a simple military crusade, it is a total reclamation of worlds that should be for humanity's purposes, not the alien. Once, ages ago, they were, and now, they will be again. Thus, genocide. The vast majority of the Swarm, like many species, are either not military or being conscripted. As time goes on, this will continue. The more conscripts there are, the harder the fight will be. It would be better to kill them before they are properly armed, and to hopefully also cause significant morale damage.<br/>
[] Focus On Military Targets - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. The Blood Ravens can aid in this, for there are few amongst any of those mighty forces who can manage the same stealth and capabilities of a properly trained and equipped scout. The more military positions, bases, supply dumps, barrier towers, shield towers, and more that are taken down, the faster the military will be destroyed, and thus, the faster the military can properly begin exterminating the civilian populace of the Slaughra.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>Ravenfall<br/>
54 vs. 55</b>​</div><div style="text-align: center">​</div><div style="text-align: left">The shards of the tower fall, this is true, but they do so in the manner of the warp from whence the tower was forged. Some rocket down at speeds so quickly they crater the ground where they land and obliterate more of the forces of Chaos who had resided there amidst the destruction. Others fall so slowly that they appear practically suspended in the air. Others fall <i>up</i>, some fall <i>sideways</i> into the ruin of the tower, and still others fall and disappear. You see none of this with your own eyes, ensconced as you are in the drop pod as it flies forth. Lightning crackles in the clouds, but the presence of the Librarians in their own pods appears to somewhat repel the mysterious storm of Tzeentch which covers so much of the planet. Around <i>them</i>, at least. Others are less fortunate, their pods knocked aside by anti-aircraft fire launched upwards from the weapons of the enemy, one drop pod smashing directly into a shard and nearly slaying all of the battle brothers within. Instead the unfortunate pod merely tumbles far and away from its designated drop point, slamming sideways into the churned earth with enough force to slay lesser beings entirely. They emerge all the same, set upon immediately by both slaughra and more horrible daemon creatures that gallop on nine legs each.<br/>
<br/>
As for you? You land successfully, but the forces of the xeno and the Great Enemy manage to rally with distressing speed and success to face your brothers as they emerge.<br/>
<br/>
"DIE, you fell cretin," you hear Hadrian yell out from his drop pod, liberally making use of the weapon Martellus crafted for him.<br/>
<br/>
With one swipe, he rips open the daemons belly with the bayonet attached to the plasma pistol before shoving the barrel inside and pressing the firing stud. The explosion of warp-borne gore is...spectacularly messy as a result, though he moves on uncaring of the splattering upon his armor. All around you, the Blood Ravens assemble, firing upon the enemy, preparing themselves for the fight to come. And it <i>will</i> come, of that you have no doubt. Already the shock is fading, the xenos tainted so heavily with the insanity of Chaos that they do not mark the measures of shock and awe tactics upon their minds as they should. Small batteries of anti-aircraft 'vehicles' fire warpstuff in the shape of shells high, before swiveling on their mounts towards the pods that have already landed.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Securing The Landing Zone<br/>
80 vs. 2</b><br/>
<br/>
But their defenses, their hordes of daemons and mutants, and their own malformed weaponry avails them not. The Land Raiders erupt from their moorings, nearly tearing the thunderhawks that delivered them apart with the exertion. Lascannons and heavy bolters fire out with impunity. Hadrian personally leaps upon a rhino and rides it forth, firing krak missiles from two launchers at once, two marines behind him on the rhino loading the weapons in turn after each spear of destruction is launched. You fall upon the enemy, squealing and screeching as they do, with all the fury of the Blood Ravens present and past. <i>Godsplitter</i> reaps a healthy toll amongst the enemy, while amongst you the rest of the Captains and leadership present unleash themselves. Just as you are killing the last of the enemy immediately near the landing site of all of your Blood Ravens, the clouds which were forced back begin to rumble and undulate once more.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The World Against You<br/>
9 vs. 94</b><br/>
<br/>
Shields of psychic energy rise amongst the Librarians, but it is not enough for some. While the domes are wide and strong, they cannot cover all of your brothers present. One of the further squads, returning from pursing the last of the mutant bands which had worshipped at the base of the tower unceasingly for generations, is struck by a blast from the clouds. Three brothers are immolated immediately, but the effects are not that of simple flame and fire. Another simply keels over, no outward sign of his death until his helmet is removed and a vast pile of dust simply slides out, his bones and skin transformed instantly. A fifth has to have his arm and leg removed from the mutations which had immediately set upon him, bleeding profusely as the apothecaries arrive only to die as his blood clots into ink-black ice in his veins. Hannibal has to step forth, then, and bring his crozius down on the limbs - or rather the astartes sized creatures that had grown out of them before they could become fully grown.<br/>
<br/>
<b>The Storm Rages<br/>
20 vs. 5</b><br/>
<br/>
Another set of lightning comes rocketing down, but by then everyone has moved within the protective aegis of the Librarians. Justinius stands at the center of them all, arms splayed out to the sides, light curling around his arm in bangles which chime softly with every movement. You take the moment to study the earth, blackened and crusted after so long beneath the ministrations of the formerly planet-wide storm. Yet, small amounts of vegetation exist. Life is somewhat sustainable here though you do not wish to consider the darker implications of how such large populations managed to exist here. Some died here, from the tower collapsing or from your arrival, but many more escaped. In the distance, at random lengths which do not match up with what the ships scans can determine from above, you see other towers. Other...bastions of the malefic civilization which rules this world in the name of the Dark Gods. At the same time, the forces you run off from around this tower are surely rallying out there, in the vast black desert that is much of this world. Visibility is poor, and more traditional attempts at scans fail easily the moment the distance is extended to beneath the clouds of the storm above. The small hole torn open in the sorcerous lattice which kept the world from the sun's rays is likely the first sunlight that the soil has had in quite some time.<br/>
<br/>
The bulbous white spheres which exist at random places upon even the less mutated slaughra lends credence to that thought, at the least.<br/>
<br/>
"Landing zone secured, Chapter Master," Apollo reports as he strides up to you, gore caking his armor. "What are your orders?"<br/>
<br/>
<u>Landing Results:</u><br/>
<b>-3 Marines (5th Company) Immolated Badly, Unavailable For Combat For Rest Of Battle!<br/>
-1 Marine (5th Company) Dead, Skin/Bones Turned To Dust. Organs Unaffected. +2 Gene-Seed Recovered. <br/>
-1 Marine (5th Company) Dead, Arm+Leg Amputed/Mutated. Blood turned to ink-black ice in veins. +2 Gene-Seed Recovered. </b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Set Plans For For Stage Four Of Engagement:</b>​</div>[] To Kill What Comes: You have taken one of their holy sites. You have forced them to retreat. Animalistic pride alone would demand recompense and revenge. Prepare for this. Already you have forces here, and outside of the clearly dangerous cloud cover which could unleash itself at any time if you were directly under it. The enemy will come for you, and they will batter and break upon your weapons and fury. Once they are exhausted, you will likely be able to strike out against the towers with greater ease...supposedly at least. Nothing is certain on a world ruled by Tzeentch - even if it has not yet become a true Daemonworld. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
[] The Speartips: Before the enemy can rally, destroy them! Borrow from the tactics of the White Scars, and strike out before the enemy can prepare for you. They are aware, and so surprise is likely not quite the same devastating weapon it might have been before. However, they likely imagine you will remain in the territory you took, and wait for them to come. Well you will <i>not</i>. Three towers are nearby - relatively at least - and could be attacked. They are as bases and settlements in one, but melta bombs, Land Raiders, and krak explosives will take them down from the base all the same once the aliens, mutants, and daemon which cluster at them are destroyed. They <b>will</b> require heavy Librarian support, however, for they shall be venturing out beneath the practically living storm of Tzeentch which rules here. You will also have to dedicate forces to keep the landing zone clear, else the enemy might come and reclaim it. (<b>NOT REQUIRED TO ASSAULT ALL 3 AT ONCE)</b><br/>
-[] Landing Zone: [Write-In Forces Kept Back For Defense]<br/>
-[] Tower 1: The vast majority of those who fled before the Blood Ravens headed in the direction of this tower, bringing their daemon creature packs and more heavily armed Slaughra soldiers with them. [Write-In Forces Deployed]<br/>
-[] Tower 2: The lesser minority of those who fled before the Blood Ravens - largely mutants without a large amount of firepower to them - headed in the direction of this tower.<br/>
-[] Tower 3: This tower received none of the fleeing forces of the enemy. Further details are unreliable due to the storm preventing both intense psychic scrying and more traditional means of scanning.<br/>
<div style="text-align: left">​</div>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Confirmed Naval Presences In System said:" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Confirmed Naval Presences In System said: said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b>Imperial Navy Losses In System</b><br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruiser<br/>
1 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons (x2 Firestorm, x1 Cobra, x2 Sword)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blood Raven Losses In System</b><br/>
x2 Gladius Frigates (4th Company)<br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Great Father's Fist</i><br/>
x2 Thunderhawk Gunships <i>Omnis Arcanum</i><br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Kappa</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Admiral Graves)<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
15 Escort Squadrons (x11 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
10 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Theta</b><br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleets (Blood Ravens)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Nu</b><br/>
1 Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
3 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Escort Squadrons  (x3 Firestorm, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Sigma</b><br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
1 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
8 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
9 Escort Squadrons (x5 Firestorm, x2 Sword, x2 Cobra)<br/>
20 Imperial Transports, Ferrying Order of Lost Rosetta<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonworld/Capital</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Batteship-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
2 Beast of Tzeentch (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
2 Swarmships (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
4 Daemonships (Cruiser-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
5 Beasts of Tzeentch (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
15 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Undivided-leaning)
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote><div style="text-align: left">​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>