<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Nine)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Nine)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan: We Want Answers<br/>
-[X] 4th company and fleets clear the orbitals of enemy presence and then move to position for orbital bombardment.<br/>
--[X] Capture at least 1 orbital station intact, and then have Martellus and his techmarines go through its sensor logs and databanks to learn what happened here.<br/>
-[X] Have Librarius attempt to scry what they can on the identity of the Unknown Marines<br/>
-[X] Chapter Leadership, 2nd company and Scarlet Lions head to secure the Unknown Marines. Attempt to establish communication if scrying doesn't reveal them to be Traitors.<br/>
-[X] 1st Company and any elements of the 5th Company moves to support the False Lions.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<i>Moratorium For 3 Hours. </i><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b>​</div><br/>
"We will have answers, Force Commander, one way or another," Gabriel said with a calm he did not feel. "Hadrian, I want that planet's orbit swept clean. I will leave it to you and the 4th Company to capture at least one orbital station intact so that Martellus might wrench what secrets he may from their foul alien technologies."<br/>
<br/>
"Understood, Chapter Master!"<br/>
<br/>
From the command throne of the <i>Omnis</i>, Hardrian's orders flowed with and without actual speech. Engines burned brightly in the unfamiliar void as the whole of the chapter's fleet thus present began to advance. Where the other ships were but strike cruisers, the ships that led from the forefront now were some of the most heavily armored vessels in the whole of the galaxy, the various battle barges having been fully repaired by the sophisticated tending systems of the <i>Sacred Crown </i>space station. When the Suysh orbital stations began to fire at the newest interlopers, they found the might of their weaponry faltering against not just the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, but the <i>Scientia Est Potentia </i>and the <i>Litany of Fury</i> as well. Furthermore, the mighty <i>Scion of Honor</i> rumbled forth as well, having recovered from the reckless but effective maneuver of bypassing traditional gravimetric restrictions in warp travel. Surely, Gabriel suspected based on what he knew of Martellus, the techmarines of the Scarlet Lions were either fully supportive of what their Force Commander asked or screaming in their helmets at all times. It could only be one or the other. Nevertheless, even discounting the various strike cruisers and escort ships, four battle barges assembled for but one task were one of the most powerful concentrations of space-borne power that Gabriel had witnessed in quite some time.<br/>
<br/>
"Justinius, if you can, see what information you might glean about these unknown marines, if they are space marines at all."<br/>
<br/>
The Chief Librarian grimaced before nodding, a motion from his hand and a burst of intent from his soul causing the spines of all Librarians present to stiffen regardless of rank. Silently and as one they began to file out towards the battle barge's librarius. The warp here was unfamiliar, and the Librarius had not had the time to grow used to the local currents of the Immaterium like they had in the Jahal System. Even so, scrying and piercing the veil were a specialty of the Blood Ravens. They would just have to be even more careful than usual, for the psychic might of the Suysh Queens was not to be discounted, even if they were not specifically focusing their efforts on them. No more words needed to be exchanged between them, and Gabriel turned back to the tac-screens and projectors before Justinius was even off of the bridge. Now would come something far more difficult to negotiate, if he did not miss his mark.<br/>
<br/>
"Force Commander Bartorius...I have a proposition for you."<br/>
<br/>
"Speak verily then, we hath some time afore we reach the planet."<br/>
<br/>
"I propose that elements of the Blood Ravens go to both crash sites, and secure the marines at both. However, I would implore you to go with us to the targets of the False Lions first, that we may secure them and learn what we can of them, thus gaining more information about the actions of the False Lions."<br/>
<br/>
There was a moment of silence over the vox.<br/>
<br/>
"I apologize, Angelos, for mine ears surely doth misheard thy words," Bartorius finally responded with a deadly calm in his voice. "For if mine eye do not deceive, verily hath the False Lions fallen from the stars, ready for chastisement, yet you would have the Lions of Lemnos bring not vengeance 'pon their necks but rather go elsewhere?!" By the end of it, the bombastic space marine had escalated to full-throated yelling at such high volume that the vox channel nearly cut out from the strain of transmission.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel simply closed his eyes and sighed, the rest of the marines on the command deck continuing to stare straight ahead the whole while. Apollo grimaced in subdued anger, ceramite ever so quietly scraping against itself for a brief instant as his armored hands clenched tightly together.<br/>
<br/>
"You did not mishear me," Gabriel spoke steadily, choosing to ignore the angry harrumph which came immediately, "But consider, Force Commander, that we would be ensuring that the False Lions do not succeed in their own mission, or at the very least contained. Do we not deserve answers? Answers that the False Lions may not give, but their quarry might possess."<br/>
<br/>
There was the sound of shouting on the vox channel from a number of Scarlet Lions, their words mixing together into a general frustrated cacophony, yet absent was the voice of the Force Commander. To be fair, Gabriel understood. Here were space marines that had stolen their words, their ships, their codifiers, their very name, and had used them for their own purposes. Who had ensured the death of loyal marines of the Blood Ravens, further maligning the name of the Scarlet Lions, arrived under possibly false pretenses and undeniably had abandoned the Blood Ravens and the efforts of the Imperium in reclaiming the Jahal system. And here, now, the False Lions were in the middle of crash landing, and were thus going to be incapable of fleeing the oncoming hammer of the true Scarlet Lions and the Blood Ravens both. But instead of joining the Scarlet Lions in punishing them, he was asking them to pivot and turn to the unknown marines, their numbers and disposition a mystery. Even so.<br/>
<br/>
"I will be deploying Blood Ravens to the False Lions, Force Commander, and with their aid we will be able to keep a better eye on the False Lions. We outnumber them significantly with our chapters working together, and I trust in my battle brothers and yours to be able to handle themselves should matters come to blows. Before you stated you trusted me in this endeavor. Has this changed?"<br/>
<br/>
Still, Bartorius did not respond, even as it began to sound as if some of the Scarlet Lions on his command deck were edging closer and closer to coming to blows.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fellowship Test: 74</b><br/>
<br/>
"Enough!" Bartorius could be heard to bellow, followed shortly by the slamming of a ceramite-clad fist into a console, silencing the angry Scarlet Lions nearby.<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, heavily, the Force Commander breathed before letting out one last long exhale.<br/>
<br/>
"Thee test me and mine brothers most heavily, Chapter Master Angelos," he ground out angrily. "<i>Most...</i>heavily. Were we alone, I would bring the full force of the true Scarlet Lions 'pon the heads of those who bear our banner falsely and tear them asunder with all the fury of lost Lemnos."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel remained still, eyes closed, mind racing as he considered the battle barge and strike cruisers currently flying alongside the ships of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>But...</i>I see some wisdom in your words."<br/>
<br/>
Immediately, everyone could hear cries of outrage from the marines on Bartorius' command deck.<br/>
<br/>
"We shall speak on this matter again once we reach the planet," was all the Force Commander said before cutting the vox.<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, Gabriel released a single breathe and bowed his head. Violence between space marines was always a distasteful affair, in some aspect or another. Even in combat with those who had fallen to Chaos, there was the ever present knowledge that a number of them were veterans of the Great Crusade, a living and hateful reminder of the collapse of a Golden Age. To view a true veteran Chaos Space Marine was to know that there stood what should have been glorious was instead a twisted mirror. No matter the righteousness of the fight, the satisfaction of putting an end to them, that in the end they should not have been at all were it not for the machinations of Chaos and weak wills was a bitter thing. He did not wish to come to blows with the Scarlet Lions, but knew in that instant that it had been a genuine possibility. The offense in Bartorius' voice was palpable, and even now he was likely being forced to corral his battle brothers in their anger. Still, there was time yet to further convince him. Even at full speed, it took a modicum of time for their ships to make it through the void between planets within a solar system. And unlike before, they did not have a station such as the <i>Sacred Crown</i> to repair their vessels if they went for a close-range warp jump outside of gravimetric constraints.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================================<br/>​</div><b>Scrying Efforts: 41</b><br/>
<br/>
The air was simply different within the Librarius. Charged with otheworldly electricity, a quiet humming that seemed to emanate from everywhere and nowhere all at once. The scent of records yellowed with age and freshly created documents, ancient paper and fresh ink, flooded the air and mixed with incense and other unguents. This was not the smoke and spark filled air of the forges, loud and booming, nor was it the sterilized clean of the apothecarium. It was something different all together. Gabriel was exposed to only a bare minimum of this as the doors opened and the Chief Librarian emerged, his face troubled. But a second of exposure, able to see the bright blue and white, before the doors closed. Each Librarius was a sacred place, meant to be trod only by those blessed and cursed to be a psyker. Rare was the occasion on which another might be allowed entry, fellow member of the Chapter or not, Chapter Master or not. He was in this moment far more focused, however, upon the Chief Librarian who frowned despite the power the sometimes visibly flowed from him.<br/>
<br/>
"I suspect you do not bring me good tidings, Justinius," Gabriel eventually said after a moment of silence had passed.<br/>
<br/>
"On the contrary, Chapter Master, I bring you almost no tidings at all," came the dry reply. Seeing Gabriel's unimpressed eyebrow raise, Justinius sighed and continued. "The warp here is full of ghosts, Gabriel. I do not know how long the Suysh have existed, but in that time, a vast number of queens have died. The psychic echoes of their death throes are constantly bouncing back and forth."<br/>
<br/>
Justinius shook his head and turned towards the corridor, the two space marines soon walking in unison through the ship towards the command deck.<br/>
<br/>
"The effect grows only stronger the closer we get to the planet. What little we were able to glean is that they," he gestured to some far off point in the middle distance, "Are space marines."<br/>
<br/>
"Mmm," Gabriel grunted. "Could you at all tell if the False Lions speak truth? <i>Are </i>they traitors? Heretics?"<br/>
<br/>
A marine of the 4th Company saluted them as they passed, one briefly returned before they continued moving.<br/>
<br/>
"All I can say is that they have been touched by Chaos."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel's head whipped toward Justinius, eyes wide.<br/>
<br/>
"But, so too, could I say the same of almost every living Blood Raven, yourself included, Chapter Master. Chaos touches even those who fight against it."<br/>
<br/>
Bitter memories rose, then. As they often did. Even now, as it likely always would, the fall of Isador stung him. Then would come the unanswerable questions. It took but one campaign, one encounter, and his childhood friend had fallen to the darkest depths. As far as Gabriel knew, he was the only living Blood Raven left that had been recruited from Cyrene. The battles against Kyras had touched the the very soul of the Chapter. Then there were those who spoke of the exiled Aramus, possibly one of the greatest young heroes of the Chapter, for a time at least before he had faltered against the forces of Eliphas and Araghast. Many wondered if he and Thaddeus might have been of aid against Kyras, and in the end, that might have been true. But Aramus had accepted his punishment with stoic grace, knowing just as well as Gabriel had that he had faltered and required punishment. But how could he know the character of these unknown marines, with the Librarius failing to discern any particularly vital truths? There was but one way left, it seemed, that would provide the answers that he sought in a manner he could accept.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well then. It seems that we will have to gather the measure of these marines in a more direct manner. I intend for the Chapter Leadership to accompany when we make planetfall."<br/>
<br/>
Justinius nodded in acknowledgement.<br/>
<br/>
"Has Hannibal been released by Gracchus, then?" He asked curiously.<br/>
<br/>
By now, the increasingly tempestuous relationship between the Master of Sanctity and the Chief Apothecary were quickly becoming legendary throughout the chapter. The former would throw himself into the absolute thickest of the fighting with reckless bravery, often winning major victories and preserving the lives of his brethren. He would, however, repeatedly take grievous wounds in the course of that same bravery which would immediately require his placement under the direct hands of the Chief Apothecary once the fighting was concluded. Neither man was a stranger to battle, but the fact that the exact same patient was remanded to his care so quickly and repeatedly had apparently strained the young prodigy's temper. Noting close enough to make him refuse care, obviously, but the fact remained that there were very few Blood Ravens indeed who had the ability to yell Hannibal Palrun down.<br/>
<br/>
"I believe so, yes," Gabriel smirked. "Martellus tells me that repairing his wargear after battle has become a regular assignment in perpetuity for Daedal and Calus, so by now it should all be functional once more."<br/>
<br/>
The Chief Librarian snorted as they walked.<br/>
<br/>
"By which you mean they have fabricated yet another set of power armor for him to ruin by running directly into the line of fire."<br/>
<br/>
"<i>Thunder Blood</i> seems to never suffer such a fate," Gabriel reminded him mildly.<br/>
<br/>
"Yes, well, the weapon seems to have taken on almost as hardy a nature as its master," Justinius grunted back. "But by this point, and you cannot deny this, there are enough fragments left from previous battles that I do not doubt that Martellus could not construct a set of power armor from them alone."<br/>
<br/>
Thus was Justinius and Justinius alone witness to a rare sight, that of the Chapter Master letting loose a rusted cough of a laugh.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================================<br/>​</div><b>Techno-Scrying: 35</b><br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>Soon enough, the combined fleet reached orbit. They had not bothered to even try to disguise their approach. The Suysh had no vessels left to them. The fleets that they had sent out would not be returning. By the time the defensive stations began to fire, Hadrian Priscus had already departed the command throne, trusting to his serfs and crew to keep the ship functioning in the meantime. The 4th Company would be deploying aboard assault rams rather than drop pods, and even as the rest of the fleet had begun to head in the direction of the crash sites, the 4th Company was deploying. Despite all hopes, the Suysh design philosophy was not perfectly known enough for any particular station to be chosen for assault, and the attempts of the tech marines to trace alien signal and transmissions had not been successful. If there was a central station rather than a general network, it was well disguised amongst its brethren. As such, Hadrian had designated a scattershot of targets for boarding, dividing his forces accordingly. As for the rest of the Blood Ravens and the Scarlet Lions, they did not fear the weapons of the enemy, not now. Unlike before, these were battle barges and strike cruisers undamaged, without the issue of firing at one another. As the vessels themselves had been purposefully designed for, they simply shifted into position while weathering enemy fire upon their powerful void shields, readying for deployment in complete defiance of all the desperation of the alien. The threat of aircraft interception or orbital fire rotating to atmospheric targets meant that the usage of thunderhawks was inadvisable.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master, we are deploying to the planet now," Captain Crixus transmitted. "The 1st Company shall see to these False Lions."<br/>
<br/>
"Be cautious, Brother-Captain," Gabriel replied, his tone grim, "And be wary. Do not put your backs to them...and prepare yourselves should this come to violence."<br/>
<br/>
"Understood. They shall <i>not </i>catch us unawares, Chapter Master," Crixus replied just as grimly.<br/>
<br/>
On the planet below, the Suysh were boiling forth. The initial probes towards the crash sites already numbered in the millions of the xenos. This could not be allowed. What was coming would solely be between space marine and space marine. Thus, the cogitators were loaded, the serfs given their orders, the servitors programmed for purpose. As assault rams shot outwards, as drop pods were launched, the bombardment cannons began to fire. Orbital bombardment had but one restriction here, not destroying the entire planet while the matter in the north was concluded. This world lay beyond the bounds of the Imperium, beyond the Astronomicon. It had no purpose but as a home and breeding ground for a xenos race that had proven itself dedicated to the consumption of all life, much like the extra-galactic tyranids. Even if the enemy were able to somewhat disrupt precise firing coordinates in certain locations through technological or psychic means, such was not required. Such was the nature of the millennium's wars. Gone was the golden age of the Imperium, a time when peace and reconciliation was even a possibility. Now there was only the grim dark future of only war. The Suysh could not have possibly known this, true, when they invaded the Imperium. But what they considered a grand invasion and occupation, a whole series of systems under threat, was but one sector. Yet even that was too great a crime, and the Angels of Death would suffer not the alien to live.<br/>
<br/>
<b>4th Company Assaults: 87<br/>
<b>Information Ripping</b>: 95</b><br/>
<br/>
As Captain Priscus favored, the 4th Company was aggressive and swift in their boarding assaults. The Suysh fought with all the crazed fervor their race had been shown to possess, but by now the experiences of the campaign were well integrated into the tactics of the Blood Ravens. Even more so the 4th, who had fought repeated void battle against the enemy. Within an hour, the stations chosen by Hadrian were captured, their foul alien cogitators being examine by the tech marines, the Forge Master calling in from a distance as he accompanied the Chapter Master to the planet below. Though much of the information was garbled, sensor logs showed that the vanguard strike cruiser had emerged from the warp long ago, in fact before the fleets that had been fought at Jahal had even departed. Dangerously, they had chosen to make short warp jumps out of the system when cornered by Suysh ships, returning afterwards once the coast was somewhat more clear. They had been the ones to attack the construction facilities and refueling stations over the gas giants, ensuring a significant reduction in the alien's ability to construct and fuel their fleets. Then they had gone on the attack against the Suysh terrestrial planets though far less successfully, due to the Suysh concentrating their fleets there before - as Martellus is able to extract, the fleets were sent to reclaim the Jahal System.<br/>
<br/>
A dangerous game of cat and mouse, dealing what damage could be done and then jumping away, by this point Martellus expects that the strike cruiser was running dangerously close to burning out its engines and gellar fields at the rate it was going.<br/>
<br/>
When the false Scarlet Lions arrived, however, everything changed. Due to the nature of warp travel stretching and bending time without rhyme or reason, it appears that they arrived shortly after the second fleet departed while in one of the intervals where the other marines had jumped out of system temporarily. As such, they had fallen upon the Suysh planets remaining, scouring two of them before the unknown marines jumped back in system. Thus began the far more laborious fight between the two, weeks and weeks of chasing and exchanging fire, a chase that had ended only as you had arrived. The alien technologies have little more information that, as being non-Imperial they had no communications or understandable transmission logs. In the end, the only conclusion that could be drawn was that both forces opposed the Suysh, but that the false Scarlet Lions had put even that aside to hunt their apparent quarry. However, it was Techmarine Calus that discovered something else entirely. His odd skill with exotic technologies allowed him to retrieve certain data packages alluding to other systems of the Suysh, which expands their threat profile tremendously. Indeed, while this is their home system, this was not their <i>only </i>controlled solar system outside of the bounds of the Astronomicon. Systems that, nonetheless, were recently under attack from ships matching the profile of the unknown marines.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Crash Landing West: 27</b><br/>
<br/>
Captain Marcus Crixus felt the incredible g-forces exerted upon his body tugging slightly at the mass of scars that was his head, but for all that, he was calm. The 1st Company was falling in their own drop pods around his own, and they were deploying to the location of a hundred suspect marines, but he remained calm. For his brothers were the veterans of the Chapter, and they were almost all clad in terminator armor. Even when they had last met these so-called Scarlet Lions, there had been no terminators noted amongst their number. Thus, in wargear, there was an edge. In addition, with his authority as captain, he had authorized the awakening of all three of the 1st Company's dreadnought brothers, each of them temporarily equipped in Hellfire-pattern. He did not desire to spill the blood of marines loyal to the Emperor, even if they were misguided like these might be. He was not Aramus Valorun. But he still needed to be prepared for it. Especially if they dared threaten his company, or the two squads of the 5th Company that had accompanied the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, for now temporarily seconded to his command.<br/>
<br/>
"Be wary, battle brothers. We go to aid these marines for <i>now</i>, but the moment they turn treacherous we will exact payment for our dead brothers in the Jahal System."<br/>
<br/>
A communication request clicked in his ear, a flicker of intent and the blink of an eye within his helmet allowing the channel to open.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain, is this truly wise?"<br/>
<br/>
The question came from Uriel Hamul, the Company's Champion, his question thick with angry suspicion.<br/>
<br/>
"We will give them but one chance. And should it be required, I have faith in you and the rest of the company to cut them down before they can draw a single drop more of Blood Raven blood."<br/>
<br/>
The response was non-verbal, a guttural grunt of acknowledgement and approval. Some might bristle at being so constantly challenged in their position of absolute authority over the company, but Marcus found himself appreciating it when Uriel spoke to him as such. It kept him grounded, reminded him that for all that he held the position of captain his youth was extreme, comparatively untested when considering the typical space marine captain of any 1st Company. Better for it to be Apollo Diomedes, or some other veteran with at least another century of experience behind them. It would have been easy for pride to overwhelm him, to think that his position was despite his youth rather than simple expediency in a time of absolute desperation in the Chapter. Easy, were it not for his near death at the hands of the fires which had nearly claimed him, were it not for the voice of Uriel raised in question, forcing him to consider his decisions and positions with care.<br/>
<br/>
A faint chime came from the machine spirit of the drop pod as its link with his helm lit up once more, letting him know that impact was only seconds away. Around him, the rest of his command squad braced themselves. Impact itself was barely even worth noting, the icy northern climate already heavily disrupted by the impact of two different strike cruisers registered the arrival of the drop pods almost not at all. Snow and ice had been flash-melted in considerable amounts, revealing packed and now cracked earth below. The moment the doors slammed down the company was deploying itself defensively, the heavy boots of terminators joined with the rumbling crunch of dreadnoughts. Marcus emerged and winced despite himself at the sight of the smoking and shattered frame of the strike cruiser of the Scarlet Lions. Strike cruisers and battle barges were incredibly durable vessels, and he knew that it was entirely possible for some to crash-landed ships to be painstakingly pulled back into orbit with the aid of the Mechanicus. This would not be one of them, the Scarlet Lions would not be reclaiming a ship today. Even without being knowledgeable in the techno-arcane like a tech priest, Marcus could tell that the ship's spine was broken in three places, the scans from orbit showing that it had landed on its side and dug a two-mile long trench in the earth as it broke apart.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain, speeders approaching," a battle brother on the perimeter reported. "ETA to our drop site one minute and closing."<br/>
<br/>
"Brother Cassius?" Marcus murmured discretely into the vox.<br/>
<br/>
"Worry not, Brother-Captain. My brothers and I are watching," the dreadnought-borne warrior reported solemnly to him and him alone.<br/>
<br/>
All three of the Hellfire dreadnoughts had rotated as one on their legs, assault cannons, lascannons, and missile launchers already locked on.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well then. Command squad, on me," Marcus called out loud. "1st Company, form up!"<br/>
<br/>
Within the next thirty seconds, the whole of the 1st Company had assembled itself with weapons readied, Marcus at the forefront. Those of the 5th Company remained at the rear, both tactical squads equipped with missile launchers and heavy bolters. The three speeders that arrived were clearly of the false Scarlet Lions, but they did not open fire upon the forty odd terminators and trio of dreadnoughts that faced them.<br/>
<br/>
"Blood Ravens, have you come to aid us?" The marine piloting the foremost speeder. "We were expecting...more of you."<br/>
<br/>
"The 1st Company will suffice for this," Marcus called back with a mixture of feigned and true anger in his voice, "You underestimate us at your peril. Others of our chapter are busy removing the enemy orbital stations," he pointed towards the clear skies where the faintest flashes of explosions in the atmosphere could be seen if one squinted. "Now then, are you all that survived the crash?"<br/>
<br/>
The false marine shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
"No, but we did sustain casualties at the hands of the traitors. Master Akermian yet lives, by the Rock. We can escort you to him, but we must move quickly. Who knows what the traitors will get up to the longer we give them."<br/>
<br/>
"Indeed," Marcus replied, his voice giving no sign to narrowed eyes he leveled towards them within his helm. "Lead on, Lions."<br/>
<br/>
It was only a short time later that they arrived at what was clearly a hastily made mustering point. Of the hundred or so false Scarlet Lions that had been reported fighting alongside the Blood Ravens temporarily in the Jahal System, they had at some point lost three squad's worth. Yet Master Akermian stood, gazing to the east where the other strike cruiser had crash landed, his power armor draped in a cloak and hood. At his side was his chaplain, silently observing the 1st Company as they came. Marcus struggled for a brief instant to enact vengeance on the behalf of the 10th Company, but his discipline held as his supposed peer approached. Silently, the two regarded one another.<br/>
<br/>
"Have you faced the forces of Chaos before, Captain?" Akermian abruptly asked.<br/>
<br/>
"Yes," was Marcus' terse reply. "Have you?"<br/>
<br/>
"You-," one of the terminator-clad false Lions growled before a hand raised by Akermian silenced him.<br/>
<br/>
"It is hard to tell, given that in our previous fights with Chaos we have not plainly disregarded those shooting our ships out of orbit," Marcus continued.<br/>
<br/>
"You do not understand our hunt," Akermian replied frostily, "All that matters is that we claim victory over the foe, even should our ships, our weapons, or our very lives be sacrificed."<br/>
<br/>
Or even those not of your brethren was Marcus' unvoiced thought.<br/>
<br/>
"The Chapter Master has ordered us to your aid, Master Akermian, while the 4th Company deals with the stations above, and we shall do so - but do <i>not </i>presume to simply order us about."<br/>
<br/>
Akermian just nodded and jerked his head towards where a tac-screen station had clearly been pulled from the guts of the ruined ship.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well. We do not know the disposition of the enemy, but we cannot afford to wait. I aim to deploy my forces within shortly."<br/>
<br/>
It was a dangerous game of deception they played now. Did the false Lions know what the Blood Ravens suspected, or was their contempt enough to blind them? Was Marcus walking his force alongside his future ambushers, or was it he who was preparing to ambush them? It remained to be seen.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================​</div><br/>
<b>Crash Landing East: 36</b><br/>
<br/>
Gabriel glanced amongst the rest of the Chapter leadership to confirm their next course of action. Unlike Captain Marcus Crixus, Gabriel was unwilling to test the possible temperament of the unknown marines on landing drop pods directly onto their heads. Instead they had deployed just outside the range of standard defensive implements most commonly utilized by space marines, progressing only once Justinius had judged that they would not suffer for doing so. After that, Gabriel had deployed a single squad of the 2nd Company's assault marines forth as scouts. One did not forget how to do so simply because they had been promoted from the 10th Company after all. The Scarlet Lions were, extremely uncharacteristically, silent as they joined him. The bombastic nature of their Chapter was gone, replaced with a grim seriousness that they had not possessed even in the depths of the Suysh hives. In truth, they had been that way since their last communications in the void. It was a strain on their burgeoning friendship that Gabriel had corralled them so, but still they had come. All of them. In truth, Gabriel was not thoroughly outnumbered, and he knew it. The 2nd Company was strong, but the Scarlet Lions had three whole companies at almost full strength despite the casualties they'd taken previously. All three captains, with all three of their command squads, had deployed alongside their companies. That put three Epistolaries against Justinius, should the worst possibility occur.<br/>
<br/>
Yet despite all of that, when the reports came back from the scouting squad, Gabriel had been quietly confused. As had Justinius, when he had subtly probed the crash sight. There were defenses, yes. Multiple tarantula sentry guns with overlapping fields of fire, enough to make even Martellus nod in appreciation when he heard. But more than that, the scouts had been most clearly spotted by the marines present. Despite the best efforts of the Blood Ravens, it was impossible to mistake the twitching of heads, the pointed fingers, but even then the unknown marines had not opened fire. Why that was, Gabriel simply did not know. As it was, they now had visual confirmation of the unknown marines, currently residing in an oddly relaxed yet noticeably defensive formation upon a hill. Behind them, the broken remains of their strike cruiser still burned and smoked, its spine broken and the two halves of the ship separated from each other by quite a significant distance. A quartet of predator tanks was the most armor they seemed to possess aside from the turrets. As for the unknown marines themselves, it was difficult to discern. Almost all of them bore concealing and hooded grey cloaks and tabards sized for their armor, with no Imperial aquila or other symbol upon them.<br/>
<br/>
But despite being clearly scouted, probed for defenses, they did not respond. And so Gabriel had chosen to go for a dangerously diplomatic gambit, one that Hannibal had protested both vigorously and loudly. Captain Sicarius had simply nodded at his words. Justinus and Gracchus both remained silent, both exchanging nothing more than a simple quiet look at one another. Apollo's heart burned with paranoia and fear that the nature of his Chapter Master would lead to his death, but so tightly bound were the chains of duty in his heart that he gave no hint of outward protest. Instead, the disgraced former member of the Honor Guard took up his position as bodyguard and held his weapon close, the powerfield of the mace in his hands crackling with energy. As for the Scarlet Lions, they seemed far more interested at keeping their forces ready to fall upon the False Lions without hesitation, the majority of their forces lingering towards the rear to be as physically close to those who had stolen their name as possible.<br/>
<br/>
And so Gabriel Angelos emerged from the trees, the leadership of the Chapter and the Captains and Command Squads of the Scarlet Lions accompanying him. Behind them, the rest of their forces slowly emerged as well, weapons at the ready but none pointing towards those who might in seconds become their memory. But then, they were space marines, and as such needed only that much time to let loose a salvo. They stood, just outside of range of the tarantula turrets, and waited. A single moment passed before there was visible shuffling amongst the marines before them, all of them slowly and respectfully making way for one of their number to push to the front.  This lone marine approached, apparently fearless of the fact that he had none of his brethren accompanying him as he went to stand only a few feet away from over thirty other space marines. At his side was a power sword and a plasma pistol, both clearly functional if old. Slowly, and carefully, he lifted his hands up to pull away at the hood which hung upon his head to reveal an ancient helmet - one that Martellus recognized almost immediately as a Mark IV - and disengaged the seals of said helmet with a hiss of air. The helmet itself and the gauntlets that removed it were a terribly worn black and extremely faded green, as was what could be seen of the rest of the armor. A significant amount of the paint had simply faded entirely leaving only the base color of ceramite behind.<br/>
<br/>
The space marine that faced them then, face bared freely, was quite possibly one of the most weathered space marines that Gabriel Angelos could possibly have conceived of. Age lined his face in a way that Gabriel had never seen before in a space marine, the thoroughly scarred and brown skin stretched taut against the skull. He was bald for the most part, yet possessed a thick yet short salt and pepper beard. And there was a gulf of weariness in his eyes that surprised Gabriel, a painful exhaustion that mixed oddly with the bemused quirk of his lips. Slowly, amber colored eyes examined Gabriel and then the rest of the marines present, stopping most pointedly upon the symbol of the Scarlet Lions that were so proudly worn before moving on. Eventually, however, he sighed.<br/>
<br/>
"Space marines, as I suspected. But not <i>the </i>space marines I expected," he spoke in tired yet rich voice. "After all this time, it seems I can yet be surprised."<br/>
<br/>
"I am Gabriel Angelos, Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens, and I have come in search of answers," Gabriel responded coolly.<br/>
<br/>
"So it seems," the unknown marine chuckled tonelessly. "Yet you come with the ones who have hunted us so thoroughly," he jerked his chin towards where Bartorius stood.<br/>
<br/>
"Watch yourself, renegade, and hath thy mind feast 'pon mine words," Bartorius yelled, "Those blaggards to the west art naught but impostors  that hath stolen our name, our words, and our vessels from us! <i>We </i>be the true Scarlet Lions, not them! Mistake us for those maligned tricksters at your own peril!"<br/>
<br/>
The marine facing them blinked, slowly, and scrutinized the Force Commander as he practically vibrated in his armor with anger. Then, without warning, he pulled his head back and let loose a deep belly laugh. One that echoed throughout the clearing, clearly confusing the other marines who bore his colors and those accompanying Gabriel in equal measure. He laughed hard and long, pausing at one moment to suck in a breath so he could continue in his odd merriment. Eventually, however, he settled himself.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh, the amusements the universe has at our expense," he chuckled to himself again before looking up again at Gabriel. "Well, if you tell the truth, that is. There is little I could do to prove otherwise, and if indeed you are foes nevertheless...," his amusement died a quick death, his voice turning solemn once more. "I have been ready to die for a long time now. Still though, you demand answers...."<br/>
<br/>
He glanced to the west then, and then back to Gabriel, managing a shrug with his armor.<br/>
<br/>
"The answers you seek may be dangerous. It would be much easier for your force to overwhelm mine, then turn upon those who have hunted us, you know?" He said without shame. "Our own task here will be completed one way or the other I suspect, if not by us then you. You may call me Dumah."<br/>
<br/>
"Your task?" Bartorius called suspiciously.<br/>
<br/>
"Destroying the xenos, and rectifying our mistakes with them," Dumah responded calmly.<br/>
<br/>
"And what does that mean?" Gabriel asked, eyebrow raised. "Did you...consort...with the Suysh?"<br/>
<br/>
Dumah slowly shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
"Not willingly. They utilized some of our cogitators and sensor logs to find their way to the Imperium," he spoke seriously. "It was not our intent, but it was our information that they used, this I say without shame."<br/>
<br/>
"And yet you claim you did not consort with them, so how could this be?" asked Kleonoi Agamat, the Captain of the 3rd Company of Scarlet Lions.<br/>
<br/>
"It was given to them without our consent," Dumah answered with narrowed eyes. "Taken from us, and used to inform the Suysh as to a new source of food," he spat the last word, clearly disgusted with the xenos race.<br/>
<br/>
It was then that the vox came to life in Gabriel's ear.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master, we are moving out. At the speed that 'Master' Akermain is pushing, we will be upon the position of the other crashed ship within the hour, his speeders sooner than that," Captain Crixus informed him. "As of yet, we are simply marching alongside them, not behind or ahead."<br/>
<br/>
"Understood Captain. Maintain your pace, but keep me informed of any other developments," Gabriel answered quickly.<br/>
<br/>
Dumah had plainly heard him, and grinned bitterly.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah, and so it appears that things are coming to an end, then. If they are not, as you say," he looked towards Captain Bartorius, "Of your Chapter, then I know their identity not. Still, it may be safer in the long run for you to trust them over us, you know. If that is your choice, you may pull your forces back, and surround us. We will not go without a fight, of course, but still. Or, of course, you could all of you put me down in one go, then advance directly into what remains of my forces. We number about eighty marines, all told."<br/>
<br/>
He spoke of his possible eradication with incredible calm.<br/>
<br/>
"If you have questions now, ask them or forever hold your peace. I cannot promise you will enjoy the answers you receive, or that I will even be wholly truthful, but you may ask nonetheless."<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>What To Do? Choose 1:</u></b><br/>
<i>Moratorium For 3 Hours. </i><br/>
[] Ask Questions, If Any: (Write-In) <b>Note, if this option is chosen, we'll do quick light posts that I'll later collect into a single larger and threadmarked update post, as depending on questions/answers decisions might need to be made. </b><br/>
OR<br/>
[] Pull Back And Surround, Waiting For the Scarlet Lions<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Eradicate Here And Now<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Something Else? (Write-In)</div>
  </body>
</html>