<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 40 Results - 2489.5 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 40 Results - 2489.5 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Plan Ritual Blunderbuss
-[*] JOHANN: Explore the wonders of the ancient and beautiful city of Tor Lithanel
-[*] MAX: Receive dictation: Windsoak Mushrooms (3/3), Waaagh energy and magic witnessed during the Expedition
-[*] Waystone: Nexuses (Reikland) (Max, Egrimm, Johann)
-[*] Waystone: Runes (Hatalath, Sarvoi, Elrisse, Egrimm, Thorek, Tochter)
-[*] Waystone: Tributary Prototype (Wood tributary, Haléthan tributary, Bereginya tributary) (Max, Tochter, Zlata, Cadaeth, Aksel, Niedzwenka)
--[*] The Gambler
-[*] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to being subjected to power stone creation methods.
-[*] EIC: Attempt to establish a trade route with the Eonir (spice)
-[*] KAU: Go about recruiting an army of scribes so you can start copying entire libraries of material.
-[*] SERENITY: Write a paper: Comprehensive notes on possible terrain obstacles
-[*] Eike Actions: Explore the wonders of the ancient and beautiful city of Tor Lithanel, Receive dictation, EIC action
-[*] Eike Study: Petty Magics

Tally



When I had agreed to join the Grey College, I had thought that the teachings it would offer would give me some form of insight into Mathilde Weber, the woman who appeared in my grandmother's stories alternating between an adorably earnest youth far out of her depth, and a terrifying and mysterious force of nature whose actions could only be fully understood in retrospect. In this I was to be swiftly disillusioned, for the stories I heard from those who theoretically should have far greater insight were just as confusing. It seems that from the perspective of the Grey College, a promising young Journeywoman had disappeared into the mountains and emerged years later completely transformed, in something of an echo of the meteoric rise of the current Supreme Patriarch. Were it not for the steady stream of papers on every topic imaginable that had emerged from the strange and deadly Badlands, the question may have arose as to whether they were the same person at all.

That said, enough study did allow for commonalities to emerge that gave me some glimpse of the woman that gave rise to the stories. All of them agree that she is fiercely loyal to those close to her, that she is in possession of, if not possessed by, an endless curiosity that flits and flies as freely and as mercilessly as a pegasus. All agree that to call her a staunch ally of the Dwarves is, if anything, insufficient to describe how much she has made herself at home amongst beings who normally treat humans with at best condescending tolerance. They describe a woman who is at best serviceable at diplomacy, who nonetheless regularly achieves diplomatic coups that would be thought impossible had it occurred to anyone to previously consider them at all. They describe a woman who is as able to infiltrate as any Grey Wizard, but who unveils herself with a runic greatsword cleaving through a neck instead of with a dagger being buried in a spine. In short, they give few solid answers and many reasons to become even more curious.

So when the Lord Magister had taken it upon herself to be my Master, my hopes for understanding were raised once more.

The first thing she revealed to me was a redemption of the unredeemable, and then she took me across the continent to explore the home city of a mysterious and staunchly isolationist people who were recently on the brink of war with the Empire, where she appears to be considered an honoured guest. It seems my number of unanswered questions is doomed only to rise.

---

Atop the roof of the palace of House Yavanna, ensconced within an attic of glass, row after row of plants in the very bloom of health grow. Some of their shapes hint that they once they might have been siblings to plants that can be found at dinner tables across the Empire, but the attentions of the Fay Folk of Laurelorn have so strengthened their properties that I found myself beginning to grow lightheaded from the overwhelming melange of scents that they gave off. Others were completely alien to me, either originating solely within Laurelorn or having been brought over from the magical isle of Ulthuan thousands of years ago, or perhaps being born entirely of magic instead of owing any kind of debt whatsoever to the natural world.

"I am not here as a client to a patron," my Master said, in a tone of voice that shapes reality as sure as her grasp of Ulgu. "I am here as a courtesy. If you don't take this deal, Sumier probably will. If neither of you do, Maeglin definitely will."

"Are you suggesting that House Maeglin would assent to to Tor Lithanel becoming reliant on the Empire for sustenance?" replied the Elf archly, wary suspicion underpinning the condescension.

"Of course not. Even Toriour are capable of eating unspiced food, and it's not like all this would wither away because a few bags of piper or crocus crossed the walls. All I want is for you to come to learn that there's more than danger in the world outside your forest."

A very similar conversation occurred with the head of House Sumier, and then to light a fire under both sets of feet she had Magister Johann of the Gold Order distribute some of the hotter spices amongst the disciples of Asuryan and Vaul, who frequently boast of their ability to withstand extremes but had never encountered this precise variety of food outside those enhanced with a touch of Aqshy. Even among Elves magically-enriched food is too dear to be anything but an occasional treat, and so the possibility of the same effect becoming available through a pinch of only moderately exorbitant powder garnered interest from these influential corners. Thus was the trap set: two isolationist Houses who currently shared control of Tor Lithanel's spice markets staring mistrustfully at each other, each knowing that even if both of them refrained from allowing in this foreign interloper, the amenable hedonists of House Maeglin would leap at the chance to intrude on the millennia-old duopoly.

It is here that I began to understand part of my Master's contradictory reputation. When she engages in diplomacy, she does not do so in the traditional means and methods of diplomats and ambassadors. In a world of circuitous maneuvers she charts a course directly towards her intended destination. When such methods fail, they are the hallmark of one completely inept at diplomacy; when they succeed, they alter the very course of history.

In the end, House Yavanna broke first, and from there it was all trivial logistics. Spices from the West we would do no better than breaking even on, as our best source was to buy from the markets at Altdorf. This troubled me at first, but my Master pointed out that it is better for this to be no real loss to lose, as both Marienburg and Ulthuan could trivially undercut it. It is spices from the East where profit is to be made, as the EIC is able to take their pick of spices from Ind and Cathay as they pass through Karak Eight Peaks, before any other middlemen have a chance to take their cuts. Politically, the inevitable result of this is that House Sumier will slander their former isolationist ally as a collaborator with the humans, pushing House Yavanna into the orbit of the loyalists and further tilting the political scales in the direction of peace. It is a total victory on all fronts for my Master, and one that I took embarrassingly long to spot the heart of. For this was, in truth, a victory of intelligence: the day was won not because she arrived in Tor Lithanel with a bag of kardamon, but because she was able to identify who could be made to want it, and who could be made to need it.

---

My Master's first foray into academia was at the age of twenty-six and seems to have been prompted by necessity, as it served as her masterpiece to attain the rank of Magister. Whether this was an artefact of her own Master or her unusual Journeying, or something she considers to have been a failing on the part of her younger self, I can only speculate, as she has thrown me straight into it by having me sit in on and read along with her latest works. This is with the assistance of her frequent collaborator, Magister Maximilian of the Gold Order, a man whose personality and affectations make it difficult to take him seriously until one sees him with a hammer or quill in his hand. From dusty and voluminous notes taken during the initial reconquest of Karak Eight Peaks they intend to wring out any insight that may be found into the bizarre energies of Waaagh Magic, a topic that my Master's expertise has already led her to deliver a series of lectures to an audience drawn from all corners of the Old World.

It was a privilege to be a spectator to the nostalgic recollections that the initial readthrough of their old notes prompted, as they discussed their perspectives of the Battles of Karag Lhune and Karag Nar. To me more so than to my Master, perhaps, as Magister Maximilian was quite sidetracked by some insight he seemed to have stumbled over regarding one of his signature spells, and from then on the notes and dictation he took were marred by Chamonic equations and sketches of crossbows in the margins. His distraction would prove to be my opportunity, as it gave me the opportunity to interject my own questions until the conversation became something of a lecture to an audience of one. I did, I must admit, feel some guilt for having so selfishly diverted the attention of a Lady Magister to my own ends, but if there is one garnered insight into the nature of my Master that I feel quite confident of, it's that she has no aversion to the sound of her own voice. Many days passed with only the most minute amount of progress made on the paper itself, but each word unwritten upon paper was insight delivered unto myself. I believe I can now boast to have developed the beginning of an understanding of the strange energy of the Waaagh, those that sit astride the line between Arcane and Divine, as belligerent in its defiance of categorization as the beings themselves.

[Mathilde's contribution: Learning, 69+29+4(Library: Waaagh Magic)-10(Faded)=92.]
[Max's contribution: Learning, 3+18+4(Library: Waaagh Magic)-10(Faded)=15.]
[Eike's supervision: Learning, 90+13+4(Library: Waaagh Magic)=107.]

[Observations on Waaagh Phenomena During the Karak Eight Peaks Expedition, 2489. Subject: Uncommon, +0. Insight: Agreement, +0. Delivery: Dull, -1. Thorough, +1. Varied, +1. Accessible, +1. Tactically Relevant, +1. Total: +3.]

Would that the other writing project was as captivating. There was in progress a book on a variety of mushroom that was apparently capable of storing the Winds, and could be eaten to deliver the stored energy to a Wizard so they could harness greater power than they could usually manage. The only part of my exposure to this I was able to find any interest in at all was trying one of the Ulgu varieties for myself, which proved quite invigorating - if hubris is not an as yet undiscovered side effect of the mushroom, I believe I may be capable of casting a true spell of Ulgu. For the rest of the time, I exercised my willpower to remain conscious while they revised paragraph after paragraph to try to batter a previous draft into something less soporific. That they eventually succeeded, delivering a slimmer and much more readable volume in place of the previous doorstopper of a tome, was as impressive a feat as it was as welcome a mercy. My Master seemed similarly relieved.

[Writing the book on Windsoak Mushrooms, Learning: 61+29+7(Library: Sevir)+5(Library: Chemistry)=102.]
[Max's contribution: Learning, 34+18+10(Patient)=62.]
[Eike's supervision: Learning, 11+13=24.]

[Thaumomycology, 2489. Subject: Rare, +1. Insight: Revolutionary, +2. Delivery: Compelling, +1. Thorough, +1. Varied, +1. Exotic, +1. Useful, +1. Shared Credit, -1. Total: +7.]

---

Now that I had enough grasp of Ulgu to control my intake of Winds and had learned the basics of manipulating it without provoking it into restiveness, I could begin to learn to shape it into the simplest of spells. The first few sessions were under my Master's supervision, and to literally 'roll up my sleeves' and reveal that Ulgu had seen fit to grant me its Mark was quite gratifying, and gives me a glimpse of what motivates my Master to act as she does. She did seem surprised, though what else she may have felt is beyond my ability to perceive. Dare I hope she is impressed? Would pride push me to wish for jealousy? She herself is, of course, as festooned with Marks as one would expect of a Lord Magister, but though flame, smoke, and shadow all bend to her presence, I have neither heard or seen anything to suggest that Ulgu has blessed her in the same way. That is, of course, not entirely indicative - there are several tales of questionable origin that tell of Runes placed atop or aside various anatomical features in unfortunate ways that would make most think twice about displaying for the general public.

In any case, at long last it was my time to wield, rather than merely channel, the Grey Wind.

I had previously imagined all sorts of trying scenarios in which I might be called upon to first partake of the Lore of Shadows, but my Master is no wandering hedge witch for whom a dingy tavern is the best sanctum that could be hoped for. In a room as soaked with Ulgu as the Grey College itself and bolstered with the wisdom of a library to rival any I've seen, I breathed deep of the Wind I had come to know so well and prepared to bend it to my will.

[Studying Spells: Learning, 63+13+20(Grey Tower)+5(Library: Ulgu)=101.]

It was everything I'd dreamed.

For all that I'd been warned that magic was never more than an errant thought away from betraying those whom it dwells within, it leapt to my fingers at a thought and almost seemed to divine my intentions before I even thought to impose them. It was as natural as walking, as instinctive as breathing, and as satisfying as a balanced ledger. Within days I'd begun to turn metaphorical shadow into literal light, and by the end of the month I'd learned to both imbue it into objects and to incarnate and command it to move according to my whim.

[Studying Spells: Learning, 4+13+20(Grey Tower)+5(Library: Ulgu)=42. Rolling for miscast.]

It was, with the benefit of hindsight, exactly the thing to lure a gifted nascent mage into overweening confidence.

With light conquered, I thought it would be simplicity itself to move on to sound, but I knew my error as soon as the magic snarled in my fingers and transformed into something I had little knowledge of and less control over, and my only recourse was to ground the energies. But they grounded themselves, unleashing a wave of transformative energy that washed over everything around me. It wasn't until I had scoured the room and inspected every corner of my person that I finally accepted I had suffered no worse than an upset stomach, and for the remainder of my study time I returned to my Master's books to strengthen my grasp of the theoretical before I tried to turn my grasp to the ephemeral. But I would soon be wrenched away from my study, as my Master intends to deepen her understanding of the strange folk of Tor Lithanel, as well as lay the foundation of my own.

---

What part of Tor Lithanel will Mathilde encourage the impressionable Eike to pay close attention to, if anything?

[ ] Politics
[ ] Culture
[ ] Economy
[ ] Language
[ ] Military
[ ] Eike's choice
[ ] Other (write in)


Eike has learned:

Diplomacy: Eonir of Laurelorn (1/3)
Magic: Waaaghbane (2/5)
Glowing Light
Marsh Lights



Spoiler: Eike's charsheet



Diplomacy: 7+1+1-2=7
Martial: ?
Stewardship: ?
Intrigue: ?
Piety: ?
Learning: 11+2=13
Magic: 1+1=2


Traits:
Grey Wizard: She has the ability and education to wield the winds of Ulgu, the grey magic of shadow and illusion.
Apprentice: She has reached the level of training where she is able to begin learning the simplest of spells. Her Master is Lady Magister Mathilde Weber.
???
???
???
Mark of Ulgu: She bears the Mark of Ulgu upon her right arm, signifying the claim that the Wind has laid on her soul. +1 Magic.


Diplomacy:
Colleges of Magic (1/3)
Empire of Man: Under the tutelage of her grandmother, she has achieved a solid understanding of the provinces of the Empire. +1 Diplomacy
Eonir of Laurelorn (1/3)
???

Martial:
Fitness (2/3)
???
???
???
Pistols: She was taught to wield her grandmother's weapon of choice from a young age. +1 Martial

Intrigue:
???

Stewardship:
Accounting: As heir apparent of the EIC, she has been taught the arcane art of double-entry bookkeeping. +1 Stewardship
Trade: She has a basic understanding of the endless flow of goods and gold that keeps civilization running. +1 Stewardship

Piety:
Old World Pantheon (Northern) (1/3)
Old World Pantheon (Southern): Having grown up in the softer corners of the Empire, she is familiar with the more civilized of the Empire's Gods.
Shallya (1/3)

Learning:
Economics (Old World) (2/3)

Languages:
Reikspiel
Lingua Praestantia
Tar-Eltharin (2/3)

Magic:
Waaaghbane (2/5)

Spells known:
Glowing Light
Marsh Lights





- There will be a two hour moratorium.
- Some or all of the rest of Eike's charsheet will be revealed as Mathilde learns more about her.
- Using Eike's PoV here is an experiment. I'm not sure yet whether it will continue in the future, but if it does, it will only be for Eike's part of the turns.
  </body>
</html>