<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part One)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 16: Bringing Fire To Darkness (Part One)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>[X] Plan: Get Of My Lawn!!!</b><br/>
<br/>
[X] Masters Of Pain And Terror - Cyrus, in his search for Vandis, discovered a small Dark Eldar Anchorage located in the previously unexplored Faiyuum System. One of the most advanced and deadly of foes for the Imperium, your 10th Company Captain lost three of its frigates. They must be dealt with, before they can either hide their Anchorage beyond your ability to locate or relocate entirely. As much force as possible must be used on such agile and deadly foes. First, you will have to find them, then, you must lay siege to their void-fortress wherever it is hiding. (Write-In Forces Sent To Faiyuum System)<br/>
-[X] All of our forces not sent to after Bluddflag.<br/>
-[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes , Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun<br/>
--[X] Chief Librarian Probalis and other members of the Librarium will concentrate their efforts to scry and find the Dark Eldar<br/>
-[X] Ask Governor Derosa if she has any Rogue Trader contacts that could be useful<br/>
[X] Burning Bluddflag - The infamous Kaptin Bluddflag was a terror throughout all of Sector Korianis, and yet now the rampaging Freebooter must be put to the flame. The Mechanicus has invited your chapter once more to the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> if you should so desire to participate in his killing if you wish. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
-[X] The Chapter Honor Guard and 17 Veterans, led by Hamul<br/>
--[X] 10x Tartaros Pattern Dreadnought armor with 8x Thunder Hammers, 8x Storm Shields and 2 Ligthning Claws (Hamul and Uther are armed with Tartaros armor), the rest are armed with Indominatus Patter armor and 7x Assault cannons, 4x Heavy Flamers, 2x Thunder Hammers, 2x Storm Shields, 11x Power fists and 10 Cyclone Missile Launchers.<br/>
-[X] Send them off with one Gladius-class frigate from the 5th Company fleet<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[X] Gabriel Angelos – Chapter Master<br/>
-[X] As your chapter grows once more, it may be time to dedicate those of the 1st Company into becoming the honored Scout Sergeants of the 10th Company, at least one or two to aid the burden of Cyrus as his company's numbers increase.<br/>
--[X] Search sergeants from the veterans of 5th Company as well<br/>
-[X] Assign your newest 25 Battle Brothers to a Company, either the 5th...or perhaps it is time to re-establish another Company? You would have to designate another leader for it. Perhaps Captain Thule would be willing to lead once more? It is not wholly out of the realm of possibility, not something that has never been done before. (Write-In Assignment/Establish A New Company With Captain Thule)<br/>
--[X] 5th Company<br/>
[X] Bargaining With The Hrud Fusils - Perhaps sensing their own impending deaths would make the wealth of selling the devices meaningless, as well as perhaps being executed for looting them in the first place, you have been given the 85th Vendoland's Hrud Fusil cache. It is highly likely that there are those in the Imperium who would bargain much for such things. Though it would preclude your ability to study or use them for your own purposes.<br/>
-[X] Inquisition Minor Favor (Inquisitor Adrastia).<br/>
-[X] Keep one of the Fusils to yourself for future study. Make sure that Martellus keeps it safe and hidden.<br/>
[X] Transfer 2 Gladius Frigates from 1st Company Fleet to 10th Company Fleet<br/>
[X] Search amongst the neophytes and scouts for any with the potential to become an Apothecary, Techmarine or Chaplain<br/>
<br/>
[X]Training With Apollo<br/>
-[X] Weapon Skill<br/>
[X] Train Your Chapter<br/>
-[X] Main: Ballistic Skill<br/>
--[X] Macharius Sicarius<br/>
-[X] Secondary: Weapon Skill<br/>
--[X] Apollo Diomedes<br/>
-[X] Secondary: Agility<br/>
--[X] Kaius Jacobus<br/>
<br/>
[X] Probalis – Chief Librarian<br/>
-[X] Scry for the Dark Eldar with rest of the Librarium<br/>
<br/>
[X] Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary<br/>
-[X] Implant second stage Neophytes and Psyker Neophytes with gene-seed (60 gene-seed)<br/>
-[X] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. (30 Geneseed)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
[X] Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge<br/>
-[X] 2x Gladius-class Frigate (4 Minor Favors)<br/>
-[X] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
--[X] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [200/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn (300 BP)<br/>
-[X] Study The Rapier For Potential Learning Of Design To Allow Replication (50 BP)<br/>
<br/>
[X] Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits<br/>
-[X] Enact Blood Trials Upon <b>Two </b>Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds<br/>
--[X] Calderis<br/>
--[X] Trontiux III</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Bringing Fire To Darkness<br/>
+015.M42+ To +020.M42+<br/>
+<i>Distrust The Xeno, Hate The Xeno, Kill The Xeno</i>+</b><br/>​</div>“There is…<i>one</i>,” Derosa sighs, rubbing at her temples as she sits behind her monolithic desk, a dozen servo-skulls darting around carrying parchment and pens for her to look at and sign. “Though he is a boorish individual.”<br/>
<br/>
“Is that so, Governor?” you ask politely, standing of course as none of her furniture could possibly handle an armored space marine.<br/>
<br/>
“He was convinced that we were to be married, once upon a time. Then his father died, he became the head of his House and I…well,” she smiles slightly, “I’ve become a Governor over an entire world.”<br/>
<br/>
The name of the Rogue Trader who, as of yet, only rarely comes around Subsector Aurelia since Derosa snubbed his advances so long ago, is Claudius Alexandre Jullien Tarquindil. Of the House Tarquindil. Segmentum Ultima, as the least-settled of all the Segmentum by the Imperium, is rife with opportunity for one such as he who needs not follow many an Imperial law as he goes about his business. His business is largely, it seems, both rediscovering old human settlements to bring them the light of the Imperium, selling them technology at massively unfair prices for their ignorance, as well as perhaps dangerously diving into the grey market of xenos trading, both flesh and technology. Only the most exotic of things interest him, and yet he is more than a little mercurial. A perceived insult from a planetary governor a decade ago saw him abandon the entire Sector that the planet lied in forever from his trading routes.<br/>
<br/>
It is, of course, wholly up to you as to whether or not you wish to speak with him in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================​</div> <br/>
“Gabriel,” Adrastia hums as she looks you over. “I think that Subsector Aurelia has seen more Inquisitorial attention in a single century that some Sectors see in generations.”<br/>
<br/>
“At the least this should be a more positive interaction,” you reply, though there is little humor in your voice.<br/>
<br/>
“I should hope so. It would be a terrible shame for the Imperium if you’d called me here to report yet more issues amongst the Blood Ravens,” she drawls.<br/>
<br/>
Even now, upon the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i>, she looks wholly unconcerned about making conversation involving the potential utter destruction of the Chapter. Then again, you had seen her match even Chaos Space Marines blow for blow with a power sword despite her exterior appearance. It was incredibly likely that she had many an enhancement that only an Inquisitor could afford to possess.<br/>
<br/>
“It is, in fact, a gift for you,” you gesture behind you where Martellus slowly unfurls the cloth covering the Fusils.<br/>
<br/>
Adrastia is on her feet and moving faster than you could catch before she is halfway towards the weapons, her ever present inferno pistol still flickering at her side.<br/>
<br/>
“<i>Hrud Fusils</i>,” she hisses, and there is unmistakable interest and want in her voice as she runs her fingers over the weapons. “I had wondered if it might be possible to procure such in the aftermath of where I suspect you got these, but the Mechanicus got there first,” she pouts slightly before stepping back, eyes flicking to you. “They destroyed them all for being techno-heresy, or so they say. And yet you possess them.”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed. I have heard well that those of the Inquisition find them useful, while we of the Blood Ravens…,”<br/>
<br/>
“Would do well to avoid open usage of such things considering the eyes upon the Chapter,” she flicks her hands away in casual dismissal, “Yes, yes I am aware. I am also aware that such a gift would not be given freely, would it.”<br/>
<br/>
You consider it, and shake your head.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed.”<br/>
<br/>
“Well,” she hums, tapping her finger alongside one, and then juts her chin out at her phalanx of black-armored troopers with the Inquisition’s symbol stamped in silver on their shoulders and helmets. “I wonder.”<br/>
<br/>
One of them steps forward, silent as the rest of his brethren, and is promptly handed one of the weapons.<br/>
<br/>
“Do you think you could use it, Merrick?” she tilts her head even as Martellus jerks slightly.<br/>
<br/>
The stormtrooper takes off their helmet, to reveal the grizzled face of the <i>alive</i> Colonel Merrick, who lifts his chin at you in silent greetings before putting the weapon’s stock against his shoulder.<br/>
<br/>
“Feels funny, but I figure I could use it, yeah.”<br/>
<br/>
“<i>Excellent</i>,” Adrastia murmurs before looking at you, then at Martellus. “The identity of my retinue is, of course, classified in the extreme, yes?”<br/>
<br/>
“She stole me off the battlefield, middle of a heart attack and kidney failure at the same time, and uh,” Merrick interjects, shrugging at his own remarkably youthful appearance, “Made me young again.”<br/>
<br/>
“How could I not desire a soldier who has stared hive tyrants in the face without faltering, who defended against his own sworn brothers in blood when Vandis and Chaos came calling?”<br/>
<br/>
In the end, of course, despite your surprise, Adrastia accepts your gifts without further questions though no doubt she has her suspicions. It is not the most incredible of things you could have given her, but she acknowledges your aid and the weapons well enough. She exits to a ship that <i>could</i> have been just a jet black strike cruiser, given the profile, except for the fact that it was missing a bombardment cannon, drop pod exits, and more that had instead been replaced with lance weaponry, torpedo bays, and likely much more weaponry and technologies that you could not even precisely see. The ink black vessel, only the massive silver symbol of its allegiance marking it, soon after disappears in the warp leaving you with only more questions and paranoia than you had before.<br/>
<br/>
So, in the end, the usual for an encounter with an Inquisitor such as Adrastia.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================​</div> <br/>
The combat servitor blurted out a death oath to the Omnissiah in binary cant before it exploded, unfortunately ineffectually. Which, in this case, amounted to merely exploding a few orks rather than its main target. Shattered metal and sparking circuitry joined with the many, many piles of the rest of its kin, while the orks present toasted themselves with fungus rum, one even going so far as to light up a cigar as the congratulated themselves on another successful fight. The fact that every day their numbers dwindled more and more was happily ignored for the moment.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, this changed when they heard the telltale noises of others coming through the single passage that remained into the former loading bay. Once it had looked out into the void, before collected rock and metal of a dozen ships and more had been crushed together in the physics-defying nature of the Warp for centuries and centuries on end.<br/>
<br/>
“Aw, c’mon,” Bluddflag moaned, dragging himself to his feet once more, adjusting his hat. “More of you mekbo- oh ho! Space marines!” his voice lightened as he spoke, and the ork grunted as he raised his kutlass into a welcoming salute as the stomping and unmistakable suits of the beakies arrived before him.<br/>
<br/>
“Bluddflag,” the leader amongst them called out, “The Blood Ravens have come for you.”<br/>
<br/>
The Kaptin shrugged, and brushed off his shoulders with one hand before picking up his mega-shoota.<br/>
<br/>
“You can give it a go, if you want. I’ll warn ya though, space marine,” he pointed at them with the kutlass, “I’ze killed yer kind before, spikey and un-spikey types.”<br/>
<br/>
“Unfortunately for you, ork,” their leader said, before raising a hand and twitching its fingers, “I have learned more than enough from my time in the Deathwatch of one of the best ways to deal with your kind when in situations like this.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh yeah? How?”<br/>
<br/>
“Like this,” Hamul grunted, and clenched his fist.<br/>
<br/>
At which point, orks simply disappeared as seven assault cannons and ten cyclone missile launchers fired at once. Cover simply ceased to be, ancient metal deck plates torn up for defensive cover, scrap metal of long rusted and ruined aircraft and vehicles, and general detritus and debris alike all were obliterated completely and utterly. Terminators strode forward and slammed down storm shields, forming an impromptu shield wall, while their brothers continued to fire near endlessly. Only when the ammo for the assault cannons and missile launchers actually ran dry in an exorbitant display of firepower did they cease.<br/>
<br/>
“Hurr,” Bluddflag staggered out of the inferno and to his knees, before weakly gesturing with his kutlass as he bled from over a hundred new holes in his chest, one leg gone entirely and his shoota-arm similarly torn apart. His hat was entirely non-existent save for a few scraps of black leather and cloth. “G-get ‘em boyz….show ‘em…what for…,” the Kaptain gurgled, one assault round having ripped through his throat and out the other side, exposing meat and spine to the open air.<br/>
<br/>
Out of the still lifting smoke charged those few nobs that had survived by virtue of being the furthest back and the sheer weight of bodies in front of them. In turn, the assault terminators lifted their shields and engaged with their hammers, Hamul striding forth ahead of all of them straight towards Bluddflag. Uther’s own cries to the Emperor boomed out through the lonely halls of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i>, where they would echo forever more long after the Chaplain had departed. More orks arrived, out of the ducts and having heard the signs of battle, only to be targeted by now reloaded cannons and launchers, while those who got close enough tasted fiery death.<br/>
<br/>
“Dat…wasn’t…very sporting of you…beakie,” Bluddflag gasped up at Hamul, even managing to swing with some considerable force with his weapon only for the Champion to take a step back so that the power-field insured that it stabbed itself deep into the metal floor and stuck itself there.<br/>
<br/>
“Orks have no honor. I will show them none. A lesson of the Deathwatch, ork,” the space marine noted calmly before rising up with his boot and then bringing it down onto the skull of the Kaptin at a resolute and steady pace, until there was nothing but wet meat and bone chips remaining.<br/>
<br/>
“Why could the Mechanicus not deal with him themselves?” one of his brother spoke, one he knew not but who was of the Honor Guard, “That was no great battle.”<br/>
<br/>
“They were busy with the madness of this place, and the vast amounts of tyranids and daemons that remain in it even now,” Uther answered for Hamul who himself had been curious. “They kept him contained fine enough, and would have gotten to him eventually.”<br/>
<br/>
“I see. In any case, our task is done, let us-,” Hamul twisted at astonishing speed for one clad in Terminator-armor and grabbed a leaping lictor out of mid-air and slammed it down, lighting claws flashing as he tore it in half.<br/>
<br/>
“Let us leave here, and return to the Chapter.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">====================================​</div> <br/>
“You are, all of you, now my Scout Marines,” Cyrus barked as he stalked back and forth across the deck.<br/>
<br/>
It was not quite a stage, but rather a raised platform intended for just such a purpose as a near parade ground was constructed just so that the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company could be taught and drilled as needed. Behind Cyrus stood the silent frames of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, their armor recolored and heraldries changed to reflect their new positions. Some had been sergeants, others had not been, all were now here, silent and imposing behind him as he glared down at all fifty of his new recruits.<br/>
<br/>
“You will fight. You will kill. Some of you,” he glanced at them, finding weakpoints already, those who were still struggling to make the full mental transition into a space marine, “Will die. But know this, even in death, you will serve the Emperor with your actions.”<br/>
<br/>
He then stabbed a finger straight down, towards the planet below.<br/>
<br/>
“Your first test, shall be to once more be reacquainted with what you once were, and so that they can see what they may someday be.”<br/>
<br/>
All across the Chapter, some together, some ships far apart, did the Blood Ravens drill and train. Some for what was coming soon, in a battle with the vilest of xenos, and others simply so that they had the chance to become Blood Ravens in the first place.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 210+90+Apollo(29)=329/800]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill From 4 to 5: 465+50+Macharius(25)=540/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill From 4 to 5: 97+30+Apollo(29)=156/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Agility From 4 to 5: 168+46+Kaius(25)=239/500]<br/>
<br/>
========================<br/>​</div>“Damn it.”<br/>
<br/>
Martellus glared at the ruined piece of once-beautiful machinery. How hard could it possibly be, he had thought? Well, now he had learned. At the least, he had learned.<br/>
<br/>
“I will not let your sacrifice be in vain, my friend,” he patted the heap of dissembled technology, and sighed before fiddling with another piece that squawked at him once before falling silent.<br/>
<br/>
Saddened, he turned back to the forge itself surrounding him. Perhaps if he had just had better tools, a better facility? At the last it would help him from lamenting over the loss of a rapier once more, for surely if he simply did better its secrets would be fully revealed to him. One day, he would fix what he had inadvertently broken in his research, overeager as it had been.<br/>
<br/>
Of course, first he needed to peruse the missives that the Mechanicus had sent. A list of things that could be done in exchange for the ships that the Chapter needed to rebuild…<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================<br/>​</div>“I can’t do it, I’m sorry,” Nero growls, blood pouring from his empty eye sockets. “They are eldar, if not of the Craftworlds. They are more adept at concealing themselves from sight through the materium and immaterium alike than orks or most cultists.”<br/>
<br/>
“The whole of the Librarius has turned towards this,” Justinius turns towards you, blood trickling from one of his own eyes as well. “And we are finding ourselves stymied. One of the Lexicani was devoured from within after he peered too deeply into the warp, trying to find them.”<br/>
<br/>
It is more than a little frustrating, to find even the psychic might of the Blood Ravens incapable of finding the foe in this instance. It is not as if it is impossible, for the warp is utterly unpredictable and cannot be trusted more often than not. It would have to be the eldar, regardless of the designation, that would be such an annoyance to what is still otherwise a long refined and trustworthy talent of your Librarius.<br/>
<br/>
“There is another option,” Apollo suddenly speaks from beside you, drawing the attention of all who stand before the blazing beacon at the heart of the <i>Litany of Fury</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“Apollo?”<br/>
<br/>
“They are predators. We know, at the least, that they have at least four of their cruisers at the anchorage, though nothing about what remains inside. But they are eager for pain and torture, hunting,” he grunts before running a hand over his scalp. “They could be baited.”<br/>
<br/>
It is a dangerous gamble.<br/>
<br/>
One strike cruiser, deliberately made to appear as wounded, to draw out the Eldar. Then, once the Dark Eldar arrived, could you arrive in force and attack them. Those that fled, you would chase after instead of being forced to flee as Cyrus did before, and let <i>them</i> bring <i>you</i> to their Anchorage. It is either that, or once more attempt to have the Librarians pierce through their own anti-psychic defenses once more.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: left"><u>Results Of Part One</u><br/>
- Critical Success On Burning Bluddflag! Gladius Frigate and Honor Guard rejoins the fleet as it prepares to assault Dark Eldar Anchorage!<br/>
- New Potential Contact: Rogue Trader Claudius Alexandre Jullien Tarquindil (Xeno Artifact Specialist/Frontiersman Exploiter)<br/>
- 1 Minor Favor <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00">HELD</span> - Adrastia's Appreciation (Ordos Hereticus Inquisitor Adrastia)​</div>- 60 Neophytes [2nd Stage] Advance: 50 To Scout Marines [1st Stage], Remainder Expired. -<b>60 Gene-Seed. +10 Gene-Seed.</b><br/>
- New Test-Slave Gene-Seed Harvest To Occur In <b>025.M42</b>! <b>-30 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- Blood Trials Held On Calderis, And Trontiux III: +50 Aspirants, 2 Psyker Aspirants<br/>
- 5 Years Of Training/Struggle/Trials = 30 Aspirants Advance, 2 Psyker Aspirants Advance - 20 To Neophytes [1st Stage], 2 to Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage]<br/>
- 20 Neophytes [1st Stage]/2 Psyker Neophytes [1st Stage] Advance: 20 To Neophytes [2nd Stage]/1 Psyker Neophyte [2nd Stage], Remainder Expired. <b>Gene-Seed Implantation Required. </b><br/>
- 3 Techmarine Potentials Identified Amongst Current Scouts [1st Stage], 1 Apothecary Potential Identified Amongst Current Scouts [2nd Stage], No Chaplains Identified Currently<br/>
- 1 Rapier (Quad Heavy Bolters) <b>Lost During Study. Reassembly May Be Later Possible. 50/??? Of Research Complete!</b><br/>
- Chapter Training: Ballistic Skill Cap Reached!<br/>
- Lexicani lost to possession and subsequent execution. <b>-1 Lexicani. </b><br/>
<div style="text-align: left"><br/>
<u>Potentials Options (Choose One)</u>:<br/>
[] Send Off Techmarine Potentials and Apothecary Potential for training, immediately.<br/>
[] Hold off until later, you may need them as scouts for the moment.<br/>​</div><u>Mechanicus Vote (Choose Whatever Combination You Wish To Achieve 4 Minor Favor Equivalence....Or More If You Wish):</u><br/>
<b>Note: These forces will, hopefully, be alive to be assigned post-Anchorage Assault, though if not you can assign someone else to still finish the favor. They are not required to leave immediately, obviously. </b><br/>
[] Squad Protection - Zerann has recently come into possession of a brand new STC, brought forth from the reach of the Ghoul Stars. As they study it for potential later replication, they request that you dedicate a squad to its protection on their Forge World. Even with their own defenses, the knowledge that the space marines stand ready would still have benefits. <b>Minor Favor - Dedicate single squad of 10 marines to task for 5 years (1 turn)</b><br/>
[] Veteran Squad Search - Theodosia, despite laying claim to Aerus, still finds many a place and rock left currently unturned. She is wondering if you could dedicate a strong veteran squad to aid her in the retrieval of potential archaeotech as well as generally providing protection to her less-martially inclined adepts. Much of her more militant assets are currently busying themselves with other duties. <b>Minor - Dedicate single squad of 10 veteran marines to task for 5 years (1 turn)</b><br/>
[] Trontiux II Culling - Already have the orks of Trontiux II begun to rise again in number. The Mechanicus will not ever let them become a threat again. While the Knights are already present, Zerann would surely accept aid from the Blood Ravens once more in this matter, though it would more likely than not be a single squad required for the work. <b>Minor Favor - Dedicate single squad of 10 marines to task/Assign 10th Company to task for simultaneous training of scouts for 5 years (1 turn)</b><br/>
[] Return Of Judgement [Crew Quarters] - The Judgement of Carrion is a deadly, deadly place. That Hamul escaped unscathed is astonishing in its own right. Yet the Mechanicus would ask of you, should you wish it, to assist them in further clearing of the hulk of the remaining orks and many tyranids and other things still within it. <b>Minor Favor - Dedicate 2 squads of 10 marines to task, or 1 Squad of 10 Terminators for 5 years (1 turn)</b><br/>
[] Return Of Judgement [Gellar Field Installments] - The Judgement of Carrion is a deadly, deadly place. The Mechanicus is determined not to let it slip back into the Warp again. As such, they could use aid in setting up Gellar Fields across the ship to further separate it from the Warp which it is so very much attuned to. It will not be the first Space Hulk that they have reclaimed and turned to their usage, but they would prefer it if they did not have to continually lose so very, very many skitarii and servitors doing it. Apparently daemons do not like it when one attempts to remove their influence on things. <b>Major Favor - May assign whatever forces deemed necessary. TERMINATORS RECOMMENDED! Warning! Daemons Are Likely Opponents For This for 10 years (2 turns)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Dark Eldar Anchorage Decisions (Choose One)</u>:<br/>
<b>Note: The only forces of the Chapter not currently involved in this is the 10th Company. </b><br/>
[] Wounded Gambit: One strike cruiser, filled to technical over-capacity amounts of marines, pushed out as a wounded animal seeking refuge.  Martellus believes he could make it somewhat believable, with the Librarius coating the serfs and ship itself in the psychic appearance in false terror and pain to draw the Dark Eldar in. Once they attack, you can attack <i>them</i> and let them flee to their precious Anchorage to be brought down fully.<br/>
[] Piercing Further: Let the Librarius continue their efforts, even if it may cost more time than you might need. For all you know, in the meantime the Dark Eldar might receive further reinforcements, retreat fully, or something else entirely. Thus far they have proven at least somewhat a bulwark against psychic abilities, but that does not mean they are inviolable.<br/>
[] Call In The Navy: Long ago, it was decided that the vast majority of Space Marine Chapters were to be kept from possessing the greater of void warfare ships and technologies, though some subverted this in their own ways. This is a void engagement, summon the navy. It may take them a while to come, but they likely will. Battlefleet Korianis is unlikely to want to allow a xeno Anchorage to be present, even in a previously unexplored area. Of course, what they might actually <i>do</i> is not precisely known either.<br/>
[] Write-In</div>
  </body>
</html>