<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 37 Social - 2488 - Part 1</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 37 Social - 2488 - Part 1</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Kazrik and Edda
[*] Baba Niedzwenka
[*] Panoramia - Laurelorn
[*] Cadaeth
[*] Paranoth
[+] Social interaction initiated by someone else

Tally



Making its leisurely way up the river is a sailing pinnace, crewed solely by a plump old woman in a black frock with short white hair, one hand on the tiller and the other holding the mainsheet. Without context, this is an entirely mundane scene that could be found in any number of places within the Empire. That the pinnace has sailed through the Sea of Claws and is now making its way up the Schaukel towards Tor Lithanel is one set of key details that recontextualizes the scene; another is that it is making its way determinedly south in defiance of both wind and current. Even if you had not warned Laurelorn's defenders to be on the lookout for this invited guest, there's enough red flags that they'd still react with extreme caution to this foreign visitor.

"Ahoy, it's a hoy," she calls in a deep, rich voice as she approaches the dock of Tor Lithanel you've been watching from, just a trace of accent breaking through the Reikspiel. "Nice to finally lay eyes on a watcher with enough politeness to show themself."

"Baba Niedzwenka, I presume?" you ask, glancing up at the blue-on-black Erengrad pennant flying from the mast.

"And likewise I presume you to be Lady Magister Mathilde Weber, the ambition behind this endeavour." She waves and a tendril of ephemeral motion grips a rope and snakes out to a bollard on the dock, weaving the rope around it in an unsettlingly serpentine motion. As the boat approaches the foaming water around its hull forms into the shape of a old man's face, who gives a bubbling, agonized moan. "Pay no attention to him," she says with an airy gesture that dunks the spirit back into the water. "He has taken too many innocent lives to fairly claim to be a victim."

"How was your journey?"

"As peaceful as one could hope for. The Sea of Claws is an old friend, and this river is much too tame to attack without order." She grips a rope and pulls herself to her feet with some effort, a series of clicks and pops coming from her joints. Somewhat stiffly she steps up from her boat to the wharf, and you take the opportunity to study her with your Windsight. To your surprise she seems to have no inherent magical ability of her own, or at least nothing she has used recently. What she does have is a spiderweb of ephemeral attachments sprouting off her, some connecting to the boat and others to what seems to be items concealed on her person. "So this is the Eleventh Kingdom," she says musingly, staring up at the walls of Tor Lithanel. "Where'd they get all the marble?"

"Most of it was traded from the Dwarves back when they were allies. Apparently Master Runelord Thorek is discussing the possibility of resuming those shipments."

"Interesting. It's quite the roster you've gathered here. You think you stand a chance of unpicking the mysteries of the past?"

"I can only hope. Kislev knows more than most that the status quo cannot be sustained indefinitely."

She nods. "And I will not shy away from reminding everyone present of that fact. Even the Ice Witch, if need be. Ever since they arrived, the Ice Court has jealously guarded the nexuses on behalf of their mistress. Even the Sea Elves could not pry them loose from it, not with all the bribes and threats they could muster. Do you know who they have sent?"

"Ice Maiden Zlata, I understand."

"A maiden?" She gives a sinister chuckle. "Oh, a mere maiden can be twisted around any number of fingers. Though only if necessary, of course."

You refrain from commenting on that. "I had the impression that, erm, your kind of magic-user..."

"Koldunja."

"Koldunja," you repeat, thankful. 'Hag Witch' might be the literal translation of their Kislevarin name, but it does come across as rather disrespectful in Reikspiel. "That you didn't travel well, as the spirits you draw power from tend to be sessile."

She smiles. "They prefer to be, but over the years I have taught many that it is also preferable to stay on my good side. Fear not, should it prove necessary to our endeavour, I will still be able to call on a wide range of my abilities."

Once more you swallow your initial response, and instead add to a growing mental tally of concerns. "Glad to hear it. Allow me to guide you to the residence of the Project, where you may have your choice of quarters to claim for your own..."

Once Baba Niedzwenka gets moving her joints appear to stop protesting, and before long she's striding through the streets with the self-assurance of a queen, running a thoughtful eye over the buildings and people of Tor Lithanel. "You know, none of the Sea Elves of Erengrad liked to speak of this place."

"Why is that?"

"Laurelorn does not recognize either claimant for the Phoenix Throne. From what I managed to winkle out of the Sea Elves, I can't say I particularly blame them. The first Caledor abandoned them, the second Caledor denied their autonomy, and Caradryel stripped them of citizenship. After all that, I could see an argument that the wrong fellow got the throne after Bel Shanaar to be quite convincing to those who've never had their shores visited by a Black Ark."

"There are those in the Empire who might agree," you say carefully, making the sounds of agreement without actually agreeing. "The Druchii are very much a blight on the coastlines, but at least they've never lent military support to secessionists."

"The Asur ultimately serve only themselves," she agrees. "And they have the sheer arrogance to claim otherwise with a straight face, not thinking the 'lesser races' are capable of seeing through their bold-faced lies."

"Happily, it seems the Eonir have not inherited that tendency. They are aware that while they could defeat a single province, the united Empire could crush them, which has forced them to address us as equals to be negotiated with, rather than inferiors to dictate terms to."

"Glad to hear it. While that's always an enjoyable lesson to teach, it would take a great deal of time and effort that would be better spent elsewhere."

---

On your latest visit to Oldenlitz there was more than a single Mischief standing watch for visitors. When you arrive Cadaeth was quite prepared for your arrival, and is once more dressed in bark and leathers. As you accompany her on her rounds of the glimmering trees that are the citizens of her village, you ask her of the beings you recently fought against.

"Hmm," she hums, thinking. "Do you know what a Dreaming Wood is?"

"The liminal realm of a magical forest."

"Mm. It has been called the soul of a forest, and the poetry of that has resisted countless attempts to correct it on technical grounds. An individual tree's soul is typically simpler and more ponderous than that of most beings of flesh and blood, but they live a very long time and can absorb a great deal of ambient magical energy over the years. Put enough trees and enough magic together for long enough and a Dreaming Wood arises, and then nature spirits begin to emerge from it. Spites first, then the Naiads and Oreads and Limniads, and finally the Dryads."

"Are you speaking generally?" you ask, frowning.

"Not a lot of Dryads left around the place, are there? What I described is the primordial form of the forest, undisturbed by the encroachment of fleshy beings. There are no forests I know of that still retain that status. Here in Laurelorn, the Grey Lords colonized and tamed the Dreaming Wood, binding some spirits and forming accords with others, and in modern times the distinction between Faniour Elf and Laurelorn Dryad has practically disappeared. As for other forests - well, I can only guess based on what I have heard from the outside world, but none have remained unchanged by the passage of years. The Drakwald has fallen entirely to the Beastmen, the Bogathingaz and Dukhlys to Goblins. The Schattenwald has been twisted by an eternal war against the beings that live in its depths, and many say it is as fallen as the Drakwald. The Reikwald lies dormant, the magic that once sustained it disappeared. The Grossewald has adapted to the humans that live within it, and many spirits seem to have found niches within your pantheon. The Forêt de Châlons belongs to a local Goddess, and the Forêt de Arden is a war between man and beast and Orc in the absence of the Beastman Daemon that once ruled it.

"But Athel Loren? Athel Loren was the most magical forest of all, and there the Dryads gave rise to a new form of being. The most ambitious of them permanently intertwined their spirits with one carefully-chosen tree, literally rooting themselves in the forest that they emerged from, and in doing so claimed rulership over it and the Dryads who lacked the courage or strength to do the same. When our kin first came to Athel Loren three of the very first Treemen remained: Adanhu the Wise, Coeddil the Protector, and Durthu the Benevolent. During the War of Vengeance it is they that those that would become the Asrai entered into an accord with. And by the colouration of the Dryads you described, I believe they were servants of Coeddil, so I can only guess that there was some threat to Athel Loren within the Shirokij that the Dryads sought to combat."

"They did seem to be hunting the local Boyar, who may be affiliated with Vampires."

"Well, much of the problems of the Schattenwald can be blamed on Vampires. Perhaps they foresee some threat from them that they seek to avert."

"But the Schattenwald seemed to be actively rejecting the Dryad leader. If they were there to oppose Vampires, wouldn't it have cooperated with them?"

She shrugs. "I can only speak for Laurelorn, for everywhere else I can only speculate. Perhaps the Schattenwald is maddened beyond rational thought, perhaps it is opposed to Athel Loren for its own reasons, perhaps the Vampires the Dryads were opposing were in turn opposed to the Vampires within the Schattenwald. Perhaps some other combination of factors I cannot even guess."

You nod, mentally adding this new information to the conversation you're going to have with Paranoth later. "Would destroying a Dryad's physical form permanently kill them?"

"No, that's what makes the Treeman incarnation such a gamble, because it binds a Dryad to a single body that can perish. When a Dryad moves from a Dreaming Wood to the physical realm it borrows substance from the tree it uses as a bridge, and if they shed it or it is destroyed within the bounds of a forest the spirit can return to the Dreaming Wood. But being wrenched from a body by its destruction can grievously wound the Dryad, and it will need to return to the forest it originated from to heal."

"Wouldn't that be a dangerous journey for a wounded spirit?"

"Not if they can reach the Worldroots, though I don't know how far the living sections of them still extend in that part of the world."

"Presumably they reach at least to Ostermark, the Warhost stirred up the locals while physically travelling through the province."

"So it, and all the other Dryads that fell in battle there, would have needed to travel through a significant stretch of the hostile Schattenwald Dreaming Wood while wounded. I don't know those woods so I can only guess, but it does seem like it would be a deeply unpleasant journey."

You nod. "Hopefully any survivors have learned a lesson on sticking their noses where they aren't welcome. By the way, I took the lower half of the leader Dryad, thinking that it would make a good material for enchanting - she was an Ulgu wielder, after all. Would that be correct?"

"It would have only existed since the Dryad manifested so it wouldn't have the centuries or millennia of being steeped in a Wind that makes things like dragon bones so useful, but it would have been created with the conscious intent of creating wood that would be extremely amenable to the flow of their Wind. It would be better suited to fine control than raw power."

There are, you reflect, two distinct facets to Cadaeth - that of the diplomat, and that of the expert. Her diplomatic guise is a bludgeon of fey coyness that undoubtedly serves her very well in Middenheim, but as superficially charming as that can be, you find you enjoy her company a lot more as she is now, dressed sensibly and expounding on a topic she knows well. You find it reminds you a fair bit of Panoramia, and you make a mental note to introduce the two when you get a chance.
  </body>
</html>