<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>020.M42 Through 025.M42 Interlude: Curse And Blessing</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>020.M42 Through 025.M42 Interlude: Curse And Blessing</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>020.M42 Through 025.M42 Interlude: Curse And Blessing</b>​</div> <br/>
Celestine screamed as Abbadon slammed down his boot upon her back, crushing her to the blood-soaked soil face first hard enough to leave a crater. Before the horrified cries and disbelieving screams of all those who watched, launching endlessly fusillades which bounced off uselessly against the shield of blackened sorcerous flames which surrounded him. Many more were so frozen by their viewing of the spectacle that bloodletters and plaguebearers who leapt through the holes in the walls began to slaughter many before they shook off their foolish stupor. Beneath him, the ‘Saint’ as she was called writhed, growling in pain as she attempted to rise before he stomped down once more, cracking her marble-esque white armor.<br/>
<br/>
“Fight on, scions of the Emperor,” she finally called out, her voice echoing across the battlefield despite the fact that he ground her face into the dirt, “Do not despair, but instead <i>fight!”<br/>
</i><br/>
<b>“Be <i>silent</i>, pathetic <i>wretch</i>!”</b> he bellowed before grasping her disgustingly ‘pure’ wings with one mighty hand each, and then exulted in its pained scream as he tore both of the white feathered things from her in great spurts of blood which hissed and sizzled as they touched him.<br/>
<br/>
“Lady Celestine!” one of the warp-touched sisters howled, and with a mere look in her direction, the chaos space marine that had been holding her down on her knees placed the head of his meltagun against her skull and fired.<br/>
<br/>
“No!”<br/>
<b> <br/>
“<i>Yes</i>,”</b> Abbadon growled down to her, grinding the tips of the Talon of Horus along her back, drawing channels in her flesh to release her blood. <b>“Kill the other one too.”</b><br/>
<br/>
The other champion of the Imperium of the pair that had accompanied this curious creature before him died thereafter, and yet he paused momentarily to puzzle over the strange wisp of her soul as he fled before his witch-sight before the true powers of the warp could consume it. Beneath him, the greatest concentration of such strangeness and who had confounded him across the surface of Cadia screamed again as he drove the Talon of Horus into her back fully so that it excited the front, shredding what looked like they were meant to be human organs if inlaid in gold and white somehow. With a grunt, he turned his lightning claw around so that she was facing him, and then ripped the Talon of Horus through to shear her in half.<br/>
<br/>
“LADY CELESTINE!” some of the sisters of battle still alive screamed in fury, abandoning their defensive positions to charge forward firing their bolters and flamers.<br/>
<br/>
Abbadon turned to them, and fired upon them in turn. From the Talon of Horus’ combi-bolter spewed a hundred rounds, each possessed by a daemon, and shredded the fanatics to pieces before they could even truly finish exiting their foxholes. The fortress, such as it was, was suffering a similar fate. One of those forward positions that had fallen to his forces and had then been reclaimed as their precious ‘Celestianian Crusade’ pushed back his weaker and more feckless commanders across Cadia. But now it was his once more, and he would personally oversee the rituals done with the disemboweled remains of the creature beneath his boot.<br/>
<br/>
Then he felt the corpse shifting beneath his boots.<br/>
<br/>
“For…,” the dead thing gurgled, and his eyes widened in shock as he looked down, only to see that its blade was once more engulfed in bright flames as the shorn torso impossibly managed the strength swing at him. “The Emperor!”<br/>
<br/>
He was Abbadon, and so even its defiant last gasp was nothing to him. Drach'nyen rose up, the fell intelligence within speeding itself towards the clash before Abbadon could, and he was forced to blink his eyes clear of the white flash that erupted when the two blades struck one another. Only then did he truly see what had occurred, and thus did the Despoiler let loose a wild scream to the stars as all evidence of the meant-to-be-dead <i>creature</i> that was almost as if a daemon but <i>not</i> had disappeared entirely. Not only that, but her two precious servants had disappeared as well, despite the warp-touched melta blasts evaporating much of their torsos along with their heads. He roared again, and then teleported further into the falling fortresses.<br/>
<br/>
There yet remained hundreds of sisters and guardsmen left within, fighting with pathetically inspired hearts and desperate hope in their souls. He would slay each and every one of them, and feed their souls to Chaos!<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==================================<br/>​</div>“In the name of the God-Emperor, death to his enemies!” Celestine cried as she flew from the heavens upon the open battlefield, sword blazing with light and a visible halo of gold and white surrounding her as she descended.<br/>
<br/>
Abbadon did not waste his time with shouts of ‘impossible’ or any other myriad denial as he heard from other lesser minds. Instead he fired upon with a storm of warp-touched bolter rounds from the Talon of Horus, which fell upon her shining aura with no visible effect. Yet at the same time as she cut through two of the obliterators before him, when he struck with Drach’nyen she was forced to duck. Not even her own protections could deny his blade, and thus he struck again and again, driving her back all the while her feet remained above his world by a foot or more. Her increased agility and flight would not avail her in the end. Yet she dueled him all the same, until finally she failed. Abbadon exulted in slicing through her arm, sending her pathetic ‘Ardent Blade’ clattering onto the earth where its fires burned at the visible black corruption which seeped from the bodies of the Death Guard on the battlefield, and laughed as he tasted her blood on his tongue as he grasped her around the midsection with the Talon, the claws tearing into her deeply as he did so.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Scream, you wretch!”</b> he snarled, and yet as she opened her mouth as he squeezed hard enough to crush and slice her internal organs apart, dropping her as pulped organs were forced up out of her throat.  <br/>
<br/>
Celestine arched slightly before falling flat, and yet as he readied to plunge Drach’nyen into her skull  which cackled in his mind in joy at the carnage, he was forced back by the explosion of light which erupted from her corpse, his very eyes melting in the sockets slightly before he raised his arm to block it. When he lowered his arm, the body of the abomination in the shape of a mortal was gone once more, along with her two precious helpers. Abbadon roared, and yet found that in the time it had taken for him to kill her, transports secreted away many of the troops of the Imperium so that they could reset and reinforce their lines. Growling, he marched on, stomping heavily into the soil where her blood had been spilled as he moved on.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================<br/>​</div>Nine massive sets of chains wrapped around the Saint’s body, choking her throat, binding her limbs, crushing her wings. Each of them was of transmuted warpflesh and blackened steel forged in the blood of the damned, runes carved in each link by the sorcerers of the Black Legion. While many of his own sorcerers had disappeared some time ago, returning to the side of their erstwhile Primarch who as of yet still <i>refused</i> his summons, many remained besides. Abbadon chuckled as he stepped up the altar, where the sorcerers stood, their staffs held high as the warp twisted and moaned beneath their touch. Here, at the broken epicenter of one of the destroyed pylons of Cadia, one of the frustratingly <i>few</i> he had thus far been able to obliterate, he had finally captured <i>it</i>. His army stretched out in all directions from this one point, and yet he focused his attentions <i>here</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“You are no mortal creature, Celestine</b>,” he rumbled as he stood above her, the powers of the warp thrumming through him as he glared down at her bound body.<b> “And yet, you are no daemon. Not quite.”</b><br/>
<br/>
She would have likely said some other insipid statement about the glory of the Corpse but thankfully a thick looping of chain cut off her airflow and wound its way across her mouth as well as a gag.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“I do not know what you are, or how your False God has granted you this…but it doesn’t matter. You are close enough,”</b> he let Drach’nyen sate a modicum of its thirst as he slowly sliced her open from stomach up towards her chest in a single thin line, <b>“For a ritual such as <i>this</i> to bind you.”</b><br/>
<br/>
“It will be done soon, my lord,” the feathered and hunched sorcerer closest to him spoke.<br/>
<br/>
It was an inferior creature, not an astartes, but the power and pacts it had made as an Inquisitor in its past life was more than enough to grant it a position here. Abbadon inclined his head slightly as he stepped back, taking care not to harm even a mote of the warpdust ground from daemon bones which made up the ritual circle surrounding the entire altar. The Despoiler turned, for a moment, to gaze upon the horizon, to where another fortress fell to his forces, another stood defiant, and yet a third was being built anew. The war, this glorious war, was not even close to over, but he would win it <i>without</i> the continual interference of the one who would now be bound.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Like the rest of your kind, you are <i>weak</i>,” </b>he called out to her as she struggled.<br/>
<br/>
A hundred of his veteran space marines had fallen to her, and yet this…this was more than worth it. The many wounds which covered her only made her oncoming doom all the sweeter.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“You have slipped away, your essence like the Corpse-Emperor fleeing as a <i>coward</i> would, again and again. This time…no longer!”</b><br/>
<br/>
The warp heaved, and billowed as the ritual grew in power and potency. Blood and bone began to rise in the air, forming into unreadable sigils of binding blazing with unholy light.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“<i>This time</i>,”</b> he snarled, <b>“You cannot flee, you cannot escape, you cannot win!”</b><br/>
<br/>
His instincts and a dozen other infernal intelligences besides bound to his service screamed, and Abbadon twisted to let a bolter round shimmering in ghostly black and red fire miss him. Instead, it struck one of the sorcerers, and upon impact erupted in an explosion which vaporized the thousands year old astartes of the Black Legion from the waist up. Abbadon turned, his ire already raised, his combi-bolter firing, and yet his own rounds struck none of the dozens of flame-wreathed and black armored astartes which had appeared all around him. They came, he realized then, from the very coils and rips in the warp that the sorcerers had made such that they could finally bind Celestine in one place to enable him to utterly end her existence! <br/>
<br/>
<b>“No! I will not allow this!”</b> he roared as he leapt, armor grinding with the movement, and swung Drach’nyen down towards her.<br/>
<br/>
She was bound enough, and as Drach’nyen drank down the very essence of the immaterium, it would <i>have</i> to be able to kill her! But the chains had snapped, fired upon by the very marines who had appeared from nowhere and were even now cutting down his cabal and around at the thousands of marines and daemons surrounding the ritual site who fought back with all their own horrific fury. Celestine rose, her wounds healing before his very eyes, but instead of clashing blades with him once more as he knew she would fail in battle against him, she flew directly into the air, her sycophantic servants rising with her as their own bindings were ruined.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“RRRAAAAAGH!” </b><br/>
<br/>
He threw Drach’nyen, then, and laughed aloud as it pierced the back of one of them, and the many-lived sister screamed as it drank of her deeply. The glowing light which surrounded her faded, and she fell to the earth with the distressed screams of Celestine and her remaining slave-creature. Her body crumpled and wasted away even as he strode over to reclaim his weapon which rose into the air and flew into his grip, the body still impaled upon it. The sister struggled once, twice, and then finally fell still, her features wasting away until there was little more than a desiccated pile of flesh and bone and broken armor on his blade.<br/>
<br/>
Turning back, he growled at the sight of the ghostly marines who had appeared being replaced instead with carnage from within his own camp. Of the marines themselves, there was no sign but the destruction they had left behind. Abbadon gnashed his teeth, before raising up the corpse still impaled on his blade and examining it, turning the head left and right. He had not yet succeeded at killing Celestine…but at the least he knew that the next time she appeared she would bereft of at least <i>one</i> of her servants. His mind then turned to churning about the possibilities of strong enough usage of the warp providing a passage for those…<i>things</i>. He knew them not, they held no heraldry he knew, and yet he knew <i>of</i> them. They came and went without warning, save that when the warp grew strong, and the barrier between it and the materium grew weaker, they could arrive.<br/>
<br/>
It didn’t matter. He did not rest on shock or laurels. He yet had a war to win, and more blood to spill! If it took him a hundred years, or a hundred more…he <i>would</i> end her. She had interfered too many times to allow any other course of action, even as some spoke of trying to twist the being towards the Chaos Gods. She would certainly be a powerful boon then, but he cared little for such talk. Let Erebus do his best, let the Word Bearers speak as they willed. So long as they completed their own objectives, he did not care. So long as this…<i>Celestine</i> lived, she would inspire, and lead, and buoy the meek hearts of the Imperium’s lickspittles. If that meant he had to dedicate more of his forces to hunt her down rather than elsewhere…then so be it!</div>
  </body>
</html>