<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Marriage of Prince Kazrik and Princess Edda, Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Marriage of Prince Kazrik and Princess Edda, Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Wizard

Tally



"When someone is fitted with suppressors, if it's their decision then it's their decision, and if it's something their parents have forced on them then they can still remove them and come to the Colleges and be accepted. But this is a decision that's normally being made when someone has first channelled and shaped magic. As young as Mandred is, as undeveloped as his magical ability is, fitting him with suppressors would likely completely smother any ability he will ever have to see and touch magic. And I couldn't recommend that for anyone. If I was given a choice between keeping my eyes and keeping my magic I wouldn't even hesitate to choose magic.

"And in all honesty, if he never becomes Emperor, so what? Plenty of people never become Emperor. I'm sure Mandred will grow up to be a wonderful leader, but the Empire would do just fine under Todbringer or Hertwig or Van Hal. Grand Prince Mandred will still have plenty of power and responsibility, and you're right that as a Wizard he could do so much good for the Colleges and for Wizards. In the minds of the masses he could do more simply by existing than people like me could do in a century of good deeds, and he could lay down legal protections that will stop us from being a single document away from being besieged by the Witch Hunters once more.

"You're looking at this as a gamble and then beating yourself up for seeing it as a gamble, but the decisions that led to this have already been made and it's too late to start second-guessing them. The only way to walk away from this hand is to abandon your son. If you don't, then it's your duty as his mother to accept who he is and help him grow into a good person."

Heidi nods, slightly at first and then with more confidence. "You're right. If he's a Wizard, he's a Wizard. I can handle that, and so can Luitpold."

"And from a Ranaldian perspective, aren't you the one that says you don't go for the big elaborate plan? If you were the grand plan type you never would have been in Nachthafen for me to meet you, right?" She considers that and nods. "So pivot the caper. A Grand Prince can do almost as much and with much less oversight. Remember the Black College business, when everything Luitpold tried to do was shaped by having to tiptoe around the Elector Counts? Maybe Mandred could get more done for Ranald if he was the one getting tiptoed around. Help the Dealer spread up the Reik, maybe."

"That's a point, if he didn't have the Grand Theogonist breathing down his neck he'd have a lot more freedom to act..." Heidi's face creases in thought. "Especially if the new Emperor tries to shift the location of the Grand Conclave, and has to do some favour-trading to make it happen since it's been in Altdorf for so long..."

"See? There's always opportunities for mischief and profit, even when you're doing the right thing."

She smiles at you. "The Cult would be a lot more accepted if everyone went about worshipping Him the way you do." She looks around the empty Hall while you try to decide how to respond to that. "We should probably get back to the festivities before the gossip reaches a fever pitch."

You nod. "Don't want to miss the Barazdeg itself."

"What's up with that? From how it was explained it seems like some sort of wife auction?"

"Well, the thing about that is..."

As the two of you head back to the Grimbrow Clan Hall, you explain the finer points of Dwarven culture and the unspoken understandings and behind-the-scenes negotiations that underpin the ancient rituals. When the two of you arrive she's quickly swallowed back up by her swarm of attendants and you position yourself once more to scan the crowd. There's not enough time left before the presentation to have any serious conversations, but once the presentation is made the family will withdraw to consider the gifts, and though everyone knows the result is a foregone conclusion they need to spend enough time in consideration to pay proper respect to whatever Kazrik's gift might be.

When the time comes, there are no ritual words to be spoken as the work is supposed to encompass all that needs saying about the suitor's wealth and skill. Kazrik steps forward in silence and places his offering upon the table: an abacus of steel and gemstones that he places upright, and with a finger he nudges up one of the jewels. At his touch all of the stones begin to softly glow with an inner light, and the jewel he moved stays resolutely in place, ignoring the call of gravity. A wave of appreciative nods spreads through the audience as they take in this gift, and you find yourself joining them. The jewels quite obviously demonstrate wealth, and the display of Runesmithing may not be up to the standards of Kragg or Thorek but is impressive for someone who had to work around their duties as heir of Karak Azul and diplomat of Karak Eight Peaks. But more than that, the gift itself is a thoughtful one that Edda would be able to get a lot of use out of, since Klinkarhun numerals are incredibly ungainly to do any sort of calculations with. It shows an understanding and appreciation of Edda's skills and knowledge, and that will undoubtedly be extremely useful for the future King of Karak Azul to have in his Queen.

Edda and her kinfolk take the abacus and retire to give the proper show of consideration, and King Kazador walks up to his son and claps him on the shoulder in pride. Normally this period of a Barazdeg is as much a spectacle as the presentation of gifts, but without any other suitors to potentially clash with Kazrik the crowd returns to the buzz of conversation as all sorts of affairs of state are discussed by the gathered personages. It would be gauche to actually sign any treaties or make any deals at an occasion like this, but it's places like this that the unofficial groundwork is laid for future, more formal arrangements, and you consider the conversations you wish to have while this many important people are in one place. Every Elector Count except Ostland and every Dwarven King of the Karaz Ankor is either here in person or has sent a delegate, as have the Tzar of Kislev, the Royarch of Bretonnia, the Dukes of Carcassonne, Parravon, Montfort, and Gisoreux, and the many rulers of Tilean city-states. There are also an assortment of lesser figures representing innumerable minor powers from throughout the Old World. Just about any dialogue you might wish to have with the institutions of the Old World can be had here.


Write in any topics you wish to discuss with, questions you wish to ask of, or messages you wish to send to, the states, organizations, institutions, and cults of the Old World. No formal agreements will be reached here, so use this as an opportunity to send messages, sound people out, lay foundations for further talks, fish for headpats, or satisfy any curiosities you may have. Mathilde will pursue as many topics as she can before the Barazdeg comes to a close, prioritizing based on which get the most votes.

Example votes:

[-] The Rangers Guild about teaching Dwarven War Yodelling to humans
[-] Stirland about whether Wurtbad needs a Dwarven War Yodelling academy
[-] The Cult of Myrmidia about whether Dwarven War Yodelling would fall under Myrmidia's authority


- There will be a six hour moratorium.
- For the sake of my sanity, please refrain from asking about whether any specific individual or institution is present. Whatever conversation Mathilde wants to have, you can assume there will be someone here who is at least familiar enough with it to give Mathilde some sort of answer. If there's a conversation you need to have with a specific individual and can't be had with anyone else, this probably isn't the place to have it.
  </body>
</html>