<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27 Results - 2483 - Part 2</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27 Results - 2483 - Part 2</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] From an Old Hold
A symbol of the re-emergence of Karak Eight Peaks as a major power in the Karaz Ankor.

Unfinished business:
-[*] EIC: Bring in a Perpetual Apprentice to start grooming as a handler for intelligence matters of the EIC. (1 favour/turn)
--[*] Gambler
-[*] Travel to the Grey College and attend lessons there.
--[*] Practical Diplomacy
-[*] Investigate how the We communicates with... itself?
-[*] Investigate how the Vitae reacts to Dwarven magic-dampening Runes. (2 Dwarf favours)
-[*] PENTHOUSE: Have a tower built atop Karag Nar: -100gc for 1 room, bonus to room's purpose.
-[*] COIN: The Gambler



Grey Wizards have a reputation as spies and diplomats, and while your abilities as a spy have served you well, you'd have to admit you're not quite as diplomatic as you could be. So with pride firmly swallowed, you make your way to Altdorf and enrol yourself in some of the foundational courses on practical diplomacy that you never got around to completing during your apprenticeship, and try to ignore how many ways you're leagues beyond the other Wizards in the room, including the lecturer.

You're reminded almost instantly why you did your best to avoid these classes as an Apprentice as you are bombarded with terminology and minutiae from every corner of the Empire, each of which insists on doing things differently entirely, you're sure, to frustrate everyone else. Why can't they just all go by the title of Elector Count? Why does there need to be Grand Dukes, Grand Counts, a Grand Baron, a Grand Prince, and a Chancellor, all of which are equivalent to each other? Your question was confined to the inside of your mind and rhetorical besides, but the lecturer must have picked up on it anyway, because over several excruciating days the exact differences between the titles are enumerated and explored.

You find it slightly easier than your younger self to force yourself to pay attention as you have some context as to why those differences can be important in the form of Stirland's relations with its neighbours, as well as the conflict between Middenland and Nordland, so despite your distaste you're able to force yourself to pay attention throughout. A vast set of power structures is sketched out, from the nobility to the military to the burghers to the cults, and where they overlap, interlock, and conflict with each other, and where the Colleges fit into them and how a member of the Colleges can make those power structures work for them - for the greater good of all, of course.

Once the lessons on the Empire is complete, a much less detailed description is given of the more important neighbours of the Empire, and though the lessons on the Dwarves are all things you already know, you do your best to take mental notes as the most prominent neighbouring human realms are described, just in case you might need it some day.

[Practical Diplomacy: Diplomacy, 92+13=105.]
[Skill: Diplomacy / Empire of Man advances to Basic.]
[Skill: Diplomacy / Bretonnia advances to 1/2.]
[Skill: Diplomacy / Kislev advances to 1/2.]

---

You've extensively tested the reaction of Aethyric Vitae to both the Winds and to Dhar, but you've yet to test how it reacts to Runecraft, and the most basic test is how it reacts to the closest thing the Dwarves have to magic-manipulating Runes: those that repel it. You don't need full-power masterpieces capable of deflecting battle magic, so you gather a trio of examples from Thorek's apprentice swarm: the Rune of Valaya which repels magical energies, the Rune of Sanctuary which confers magical inertness, and the Rune of Spellbreaking that disrupts magical energies. All broadly similar in objective, but all very different in how they go about it.

The Rune of Spellbreaking is the one that worries you the most, so you set to it first to get it out of the way. The Runes are normally only usable by Runesmiths as they require... some sort of control that they refuse to elaborate on to target it, but this one is stripped down and will target a 'spell' directly above it. You place a very small vial of Aethyric Vitae above the slab of granite bearing the Rune, then do your best to retreat to a safe distance as the Rune activates. As you pick glass out of your hair, you do your best to interpret the very rapid process that had resulted in the disintegration of the Vitae, and conclude that the Rune of Spellbreaking - or at least this basic version of it - counters a spell in the most straightforward way possible, by projecting very thin blades or spikes of some sort of magic-repelling energy to disrupt it. Unfortunately, you're unable to tell whether this energy itself triggers the transformation, or whether it's a result of mere magical turbulence. Perhaps a Light Wizard with very keen Magesight using Speed of Light and some very thick goggles could, but then, perhaps not.

With the causing explosions portion of the experiment hopefully behind you, you turn to the Rune of Sanctuary. Testing it proves very difficult, as the effect is distributed throughout an area instead of being concentrated on a single subject. A series of long, frustrating tests later confirms that however the Rune of Sanctuary works, its effects do not have any effect that you can notice on the Vitae itself, as it remains just as reactive as ever. But on the bright side, it doesn't show any negative effects from its exposure to the Rune, and you confirm that it does add an additional layer of resistance to storage vessels, which you make a note of as a way to reduce the likelihood of inadvertent reactions.

The Rune of Valaya is a particularly infuriating Rune to study, as it is one that almost all Runesmiths know but none will speak much of, including the myriad forms it apparently comes in - from the Runes of personal protection, to the Banner Runes, to the massive Hold-Runes that protect entire Karaks, to the variation upon your belt. And, as Gunnars revealed to you, there's the Rites of Valaya performed upon every Dwarf shortly after birth to grant them their magically-repellent nature, and there's no doubt in your mind that the Rune and the Rites are related. So it's near certain you're not going to get any straight answers from the Dwarves about the nature of Valaya's repelling of magical energies, so you go directly to experimentation.

Dwarven magical resistance extends to all known forms of magic, including Chaos Sorcery, so you've high hopes that the Rune of Valaya will work on the Vitae, but you're not quite sure what form it 'working' will take. So in a now-familiar routine, you begin with the contents of a tiny vial from a safe distance, and you're just able to make up the minute amount of Vitae oozing upwards to distance itself from the Rune it is held above. Your next experiment denies its desire to escape from the Rune, as with a system of pulleys you force a stoppered vial to make contact with the granite upon which the Rune is carved, and sure enough, another vial is added to the toll as rapidly expanding magical energy bursts its way free. You're not sure if that's the result from overexposure to the Rune, or simply from the compression as it is forced against the side of the vial, but it amounts to the same.

Out of curiosity, you get your hands on two more of the Runes and after some time spent calculating angles, you manage to prop up the three Runes in a triangle and suspend a blob of Vitae in midair as the repellent force of the Runes proves stronger than the pull of gravity. It's certainly a striking effect, but you suspect that with more powerful and permanent Runes, the same effect could be used to suspend a much larger amount in mid-air in the centre of overlapping repellent forces to keep any rogue magical energies at bay. Overkill, perhaps, considering the 'put them in a barrel and lock them away' storage plan has thus far proven quite sufficient, but something to keep in mind for if you ever need to transport them to a more at-risk location.

---

How does the We communicate? Well, it communicates with you via the magics of the Amber College with a little help from some enthusiastic pedipalp gesture, but its internal communication is a lot more mysterious. You don't think you quite managed to communicate what it was you were trying to achieve, but they're happy for you to spend time inside their nest while they engage in their habitual internal communication, and you turn your Magesight onto the Karak's strangest allies.

It's easier said than done, of course. If their communication method was easily visible, you would have seen it already, and the We were unable to describe it without making the chirping noise they make when the translation magics fail. So after double-checking that there weren't hitherto unnoticed packets of magical energies flowing back and forth, you settle in to get a good, long look at their souls, which is also easier said than done. Magesight is often described as the ability to see souls, but what is usually seen is the ambient energies given off by souls, and the traces of Winds swirling about inside them. Seeing the soul itself is like trying to see the wick of a burning candle, both in difficulty and in likelihood to result in headaches.

The fundamental question you first seek an answer to is the nature of a We soul, and what you piece together over long days punctuated by headaches in your soul is that the answer is in a grey area. The We in their colony share a single soul, but it is a shapeless and amorphic one compared to that of the beings you're used to, and when a Hunter leaves a fragment of the greater oversoul breaks off to go with it. It's not dissimilar to theories you've seen referenced on the nature of the souls of other eusocial insects. So that means that internal communication via the soul is quite possible, and with the help of the bemused but cooperative We, you set to work testing for it. Which itself wasn't that difficult, because all it takes is a tunnel adjoining the Hall of Pillared Iron that the We call home, where a Web-Weaver carried in your arms rejoins the oversoul of the We but remains unmoving, as per the last set of instructions it received before leaving in the first place.

So, sound. Perhaps higher pitched than you can hear, perhaps lower, it doesn't matter terribly much. Either way, the We appear to be entirely non-magical, despite how alien they are from sentient life as you know it. You must admit a little disappointment that the answer is so mundane, but it does fill in the few remaining gaps in your knowledge of the We.

---

Ask a citizen of the Empire of the Colleges of Magic, and they'd likely picture a wise Wizard Lord or a powerful Battle Wizard. But for each graduated Magister there's at least five Perpetuals, those with just enough magical ability to be a danger to themselves, but for whatever reason forever unable to cast anything but the most basic of spells. Some lack power, others lack control, and some unlucky few are too traumatized by early miscasts to continue their education, but despite their lack of power they are still subject to the Articles Of Imperial Magic. Some are given magical dampeners and allowed to return to their former lives, and through them the Colleges have an Empire-wide network of information-gatherers and safehouses, but the majority remain within the Colleges, performing the myriad tasks required for the Colleges to operate but don't actually require feats of magic. Many work as servants and assistants, but many more act in more trusted and important roles, as guards and bureaucrats and librarians and lecturers and, yes, as spymasters.

[Rolling...]

You send a request in, and the turning gears of the College process it and eventually a single encrypted scroll is returned to you, and the number of applicants takes you by surprise. Their names are false and their particulars are less detailed than you'd like, but the Grey College is always very careful about the amount of biographical data that is allowed to leave the grounds, no matter who it's directed to.

[ ] Hochlander
The first possibility is a recent transfer from the Hochland College of Sorcery, who proved to be an excellent candidate for Grey Wizard in every way except for magical power. He has strong affinities for cryptography, languages, and intimidation, as well as being a fair woodsman and an excellent marksman.

[ ] Nordlander
A recent wash-out from her apprenticeship, the second candidate has been dampened after a nasty series of escalating miscasts, which you can definitely sympathize with, considering your own experience with Wisdom's Asp. Though her education has been very limited so far, she has been judged as possessing very strong loyalty and willpower.

[ ] Stirlander
A middle-aged woman with a work history as long as it is classified, fresh from a recently-concluded long-term project somewhere in your home province. She boasts significantly more experience with spycraft and espionage than you do, but she's likely to have her own ideas about how things should be run, and you're a little put out that there was apparently a Grey College operation happening in Stirland that you never heard a whisper about.

[ ] Marienburger
A young man who passed up the College of Navigation and Sea Magicks in favour of the Empire's Colleges, this candidate has an unsurprisingly nautical background and an apparent familiarity with those Ulthuani that leave their island home to trade amongst the wider world. He also has an impressive knack for mists.

[ ] Tilean
A lady from the crowded streets of Verezzo, this candidate has twin talents for mathematics and intrigue, and apparently had a rather successful career as a wandering charlatan before her modest magical gifts manifested and she made her way to the Empire. Undoubtedly skilled, but you've got the feeling that her name being put forward to you was more a vote of confidence in your ability to keep an eye on her, rather than in her loyalty to the Colleges or the Empire.

[ ] Wissenlander
A bandit that earned some infamy when they mugged a travelling Reiksguard Knight, and then even more when they used their fragment of magical ability to escape their cell and lead the Witch Hunters that the local authorities called in on a merry chase across Solland. Apparently their brush with the pyre caused them to rethink their life, as they made their way to Altdorf to present themself to the Grey College. A talented criminal, and one who still has a bounty on their head in Wissenland, which makes for quite a sturdy leash.

[ ] Middenlander
A long-time resident of Middenheim's Guild of Wizards and Alchemists seeking a posting as far away from the City of the White Wolf as they can possibly get until unnamed circumstances blow over, this candidate is one of those rare few Wizards that has contacts within the Cults of the Empire, and he also has a knack for inspiring loyalty in others.

All of them seem useful in their own way, but as much as you might want to, you can't hire them all. You're expected to somehow pare this list down to three candidates, and their schedules will be made to align with yours for interviews before you make your final choice as to who to hire. Perhaps a blank slate will be desired so you can imprint on them the required skills and make sure that proper loyalties are instilled, or perhaps you should lean towards a more experienced candidate and count on your own canniness to keep them in line.

- The three with the most votes will be interviewed in the next update. There will be a two hour moratorium for discussion. You can vote for as many candidates as you like.
  </body>
</html>