<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 2: Drying Blood</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 2: Drying Blood</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: center"><b>Drying Blood<br/>
+997.M41+<br/>
+Hatred For The Xeno Is Among One Of The Most Blessed Of Virtues+</b>​</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: left">Your options are limited, but those chosen are no less worthy for that. As it is, Cyrus, already acting as the only real leadership amongst the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and having experience at training Blood Raven scouts for over fifty years, is selected both as the official Captain of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company as well as the Master of Recruits. He accepts his new duties with the same sarcasm and bitter undertones as usual, but he seems somewhat pleased that he now has official command over the initiates that he so doggedly protects and guides. As for Tarkus, you would promote him to Captain of the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company as would have been his right were it not for the 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to have stopped existing over the course of the purge from the intense fighting. He accepts his duty stoically and respectfully as Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, and you can only hope that under his guidance and leadership that they will grow strong once more.<br/>
<br/>
As for the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company, which you have led for so long…you move them forward to the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company as a whole. It would be easy for some to accuse you of favoritism, but after even a cursory examination of the circumstances only the most foolish would continue to argue against it. They are the most veteran marines in the Chapter overall, having fought with you for the totality of the Third Aurelian Crusade and many more campaigns beforehand. So now they take their place as the 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company of the Blood Ravens, and they have changed their heraldry to reflect that. As for the rest of the Chapter, the ten scouts that Cyrus has identified as worthy are advanced to full Battle Brothers under the ministrations of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company’s Apothecary.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Epistolary Probalis</u>, formerly of your…of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company, is selected as your new <u>Chief Librarian</u>. A good man, Justinius served as a subordinate of the lamented Jonah Orion for over a century and had what may be considered the luck to not be travelling with the majority of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company against the Tyranid Hive Mind during the First Aurelian Crusade. As it is, Jonah was a tremendously powerful force on the direct and psychic combat who passed many of his teachings down to Justinius. Still, the man is no carbon copy of his instructor and has focused many of his energies on parsing the future and piercing the fog of war from across the battlefield, a traditional Blood Raven Librarian discipline but one he has refined. As a result his skills are far more suited for ranged battle, not close pitched warfare. In terms of personality, he is an incredibly calm marine, and it was whispered amongst the initiates and scouts that his near unflappable nature is due to him having perceived his own death and thus becoming practically fearless as a result. [BS-7, WS-5, S-5, T-6, A-4, I-8, P-10, W-10, F-5]<br/>
<br/>
For your new <u>Master of Sanctity</u>, you select the only Chaplain left in the Chapter who is not in the Death Watch, <u>Hannibal Palrun</u>. In those dark times when you were unsure just who you could trust in the Chapter while Kyras was its Master, Hannibal was there. A master orator and a deadly combatant, he has fought alongside you since Tartarus, and all the years afterwards. His fiery rhetoric and piety kept the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company strong in those dark times when hope seemed so bleak, and he denied that you were possibly heretics for entertaining treachery against the traitor. One of the largest marines you’ve ever seen not just amongst the Blood Ravens but amongst any Space Marines in general, his bulk reflects his abilities to stalwartly wade through oceans of enemy fire while bellowing blessed hatred. Of course, with him ascending to Master of Sanctity there are no more Chaplains amongst the rest of the Chapter, which will hopefully be recognized in the future. [BS-4, WS-9, S-8 T-8, A-4, I-6, P-5, W-7, F-10]<br/>
<br/>
However, when selecting a new Master of the Apothecarion, you find that you must first learn of the potential candidates before choosing one. After all, before this you were but Captain of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company. Familiarizing yourself with the whole of the Chapter will take time. As it is, after realizing this you busied yourself with learning all you could about the three prospective candidates.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Brother Romallius</u> is the most familiar to you, having fought with you on Tartarus and almost all the other battlefields beyond. There is not much to outwardly differentiate himself from the rest of the Chapter, though after getting to know the man you can proudly call yourself amongst the handful of individuals who know that he carries a strange fondness for puns and laughter, a rarity amongst the more usually taciturn versions of his kind. Also included in that is his affection for ranged weapons – an unusual habit for an Apothecary – and can often be found wielding a flamer or dual wielding bolt pistols instead of a more customary chain sword. This is not to say he is defenseless in melee combat, but he personally prefers to kill his enemies from afar so that they do not get close enough to disturb him while he operates at all. Some might question his more unorthodox methods, but you have long accepted them as part of who he is. [Ranged Inclination, Vaguely Unorthodox Methods]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Brother Gracchus</u>, of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, is an extremely young marine, though skilled at his craft. Recruited from Calderis, he is one of the few parts of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company who did <i>not</i> go with Aramus on his Penitent Crusade. As it is, he is one of those who worked alongside the honored Brother Gordion on the bio-toxin used against the Hive Mind in the First Aurelian Crusade, and has spent much of his time doing similar work. While not precisely skilled when it comes to combat like some might expect of a Space Marine, he is a startlingly good researcher with an intimate knowledge of not just the human and marine body but of xenos as well. He may not be as potent on the battlefield as some would prefer, but based on the reports when it comes to sheer medical ability he outstrips all other candidates. [+Intelligent, Savant of Medicine]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Brother Marius Astophiles</u> is of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company and apparently known by of all people Cyrus. Brother Astophiles has overseen the recruitment, implantation, and growth of over a century and a half’s worth of Blood Ravens – though he feels great shame for not realizing the corruption of his Company from within under Kyras’s influence. Few can blame him for this, as any attempts to do so must be acknowledged that <i>none</i> discovered the traitor’s treachery until it was almost too late. His brusque nature melds together with his status as one of the most puritanical members of the entire Chapter, outright refusing to do some things that might go against tradition or the Emperor without a Chaplain and Librarian’s explicit approval. On the other hand, is he were not an apothecary he would most certainly have become an Assault Terminator of the First Company, given his combat skills and the fact that in a unique circumstance as a more standard battle brother that he did in fact manage to make Terminator Honors before being selected for his position. [+Weapon Skill, Highly Orthodox]<br/>
<br/>
However, they are not the only brothers that you study with a critical eye over this time, also looking for those who have distinguished themselves in recent times and not only for potential Captaincy positions. Reports from Aramus pass over your desk, speaking of some, while Cyrus speaks of others that he has interacted with. Tarkus has a wealth of knowledge considering the whole of the Chapter, while you reflect on those marines you know especially in the current stock. Others, you learn of through your new Chief Librarian and therefore the access to the immense and intimately detailed records of the Librarium.<br/>
<br/>
The first four are actually of your formerly commanded Company, though that is unsurprising given how long they fought alongside you.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Macharius Sicarius</u> is a Devastator Sergeant of your 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd ​</span>, now 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company. Out of all the marines of your former directly commanded brothers, he is likely the only one who could match you in terms of bionics. This has actually somewhat aided him in his duties, his augmented strength and vision allowing him to wield heavy weaponry with accuracy and ease. He distinguished himself by facing down three Predator Tanks of the Traitors during the Third Aurelian Crusade alone while the rest of his squad died. Wrenching the dead hulk of the honorable Tomb-Brother Achillan about with his immense strength, he used his experience with heavy weaponry to reactivate the dreadnought’s connected multi-melta and obliterate the foe. [+Ballistic Skill, +Strength]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Ares Actus</u> is a veteran Sergeant of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span>, now 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company, who has led many a guard action during your campaigns. He has held the line again and again while others deep strike into enemy territory, and on those few occasions where retreat was necessary he was there, all the while. Not the most skilled, but perhaps one of the most stalwart, he has been struck again and again but never fallen, all the while calling out for his brothers to go to greater lengths to fight and kill in the name of the Emperor with holy zeal. [+Fellowship, Demagogue Tendencies (Chaplain Potential?)]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Quarius Zergan</u> is one of the youngest marines in the Chapter to have achieved the rank of sergeant in the history of the Blood Ravens. Nonetheless, besides his youth the sheer amount of battles and campaigns he has fought alongside you have made him worthy enough of his title. What truly interests you however, or rather, Martellus, was his potentially heretical habit of tinkering with his own weapons to squeeze out just a bit more efficiency or death dealing capabilities. After speaking to Martellus however and being informed of just how close he was coming to death, he ceased immediately. That does not mean he could not begin again, if properly instructed of course. [+Intelligence, Tinkering Talent (Techmarine Potential?)]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Amicus Antal</u>…a tragic tale. Five times, has his entire squad been wiped out with him as the sole survivor. Five times, by five distinct major foes of the Imperium, has he nearly been slain. The first was from an ork force that outnumbered his squad 20-1. The second, from a blasted Eldar strike force. The third, the tau during the Vorga campaign. The fourth time came from tyranids while fighting against the Hive Tyrant during the last battle of the First Aurelian Crusade. The fifth, from traitors…his own squad, turned against him and towards Chaos. No sergeant should have lost what he has, much less be forced to fight and kill his entire own squad as they attempted to slay him. His sheer fortitude keeps him going physically, but spiritually and mentally you are less certain, though he regularly speaks to Hannibal in private meetings and thus far your Company’s former Chaplain has yet to see fit to tell you that something is explicitly wrong. [+Toughness, Last Man Standing)<br/>
<br/>
Others, however, do exist amongst the Chapter who come to you through careful research and reports.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Marcus Crixus</u> is an assault marine of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, one of its few survivors after recent events. Curiously, however, instead of distinguishing himself for leaping into battle and splitting apart dozens or hundreds of enemies, he instead became known to the Chapter for helping organize and direct forces numerous times during the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Aurelian Crusade. Apollo speaks well of him, saying that while he and the rest of his immediate command squad would pursue objectives, oddly enough it would by Brother Crixus who would somehow end up being listened to about where squads and vehicles should go. His grasp of wider battlefield tactics is quite interesting. [+Perception, Natural Tactician]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Hadrian Priscus</u> comes to you from the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company with quite the few accomplishment to his name. Visiting the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company at the time of the Third Aurelian Crusade, the senior sergeant instead rallied not only the scouts there in slaying their traitor brethren, but directed the Company’s flagship into battle against the rest of the traitor fleet, boarding and reclaiming ships one at a time. It is at <i>his</i> hands that you have some ships at all, even if their conditions are less than preferable. If anyone was wondering why the Chapter Fleet was not more present during the Third Aurelian Crusade, here is the reason, the mad, mad reason who leapt from ship to ship again and again throughout the entire Crusade until victory was achieved. [+Intelligence, Void Craft Prodigy]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Kaius Jacobus</u> is actually one of the immediately promoted members of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company to complete battle brother. Cyrus has indicated that out of his many students that Jacobus is one of the few to actually satisfy him when it comes to stealth, something few ever truly manage to master. He distinguished himself during the Second Aurelian Crusade against the damned Eliphas the Inheritor as one of those scouts who never even received an injury during the dangerous moments when the forces of Chaos had managed to isolate a large number of Scouts on Calderis. Mostly because they could never find or hit him while he popped in and out of stealth with a combat shotgun, flamer, and sniper rifle strapped all about him in ramshackle webbing that he nonetheless used quite skillfully. [+Agility, Shadow Hunter]​</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center">----------------<br/>​</div>“Chapter Master…I-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Do you question my decision, Apollo?” you ask, raising your own remaining eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
The void provides a somewhat intimidating backdrop as you stand before him, behind you floating the shambles of the Chapter Fleet and Calderis below. Your hands have clasped behind your back, though you have to be careful that the bionics do not crush each other but with every passing day you are growing more and more adept with them. Within the year you shall be as you ever were, albeit slower by virtue of sheer weight. Before you kneels the shamed former Captain, but the look on his face is a mixture of frustration and anger.<br/>
<br/>
“But…I…I do not <i>deserve</i> to stand at your side,” he finally grinds out, fingers clenching hard enough that you can hear the ceramite ever so faintly groaning.<br/>
<br/>
“What was your intention then?” you ask. “To go in search of Aramus to join his Penitent Crusade? To join the Death Watch as a Black Shield?”<br/>
<br/>
He does not say so but the sudden tightness of his face and minutely more lowered head gives it away.<br/>
<br/>
“Absolutely not,” you say flatly, each syllable falling like drop pods.<br/>
<br/>
“But-,”<br/>
<br/>
“You are not worthy of joining the Death Watch as you are, Apollo Diomedes.”<br/>
<br/>
A ghost of a flinch ripples across his frame, one that no one else would have been able to see. Even an Astartes might miss it, yet with your bionic eye and its improvements…you still <i>barely</i> caught it. His self-control is astounding. You cannot afford to lose him to some distant and forlorn star, not with the Chapter as it is. You need his abilities and experience even if he does not believe the same.<br/>
<br/>
“No. You shall be my direct subordinate, but you shall hold no authority of your own. You shall never do so again barring the most wild of circumstances. On the battlefield, you shall act once more as a Champion of the Chapter, but my own personal one. As my Bodyguard you shall accompany me everywhere, and in that service may you find redemption. Do you understand?”<br/>
<br/>
You can hear the grinding of his teeth, but then the tension leaves him entirely. It is as Probalis predicted then. The last vestiges of his pride are dying, here and now, in bursts and twitches, but he would have accepted you telling him to slit his own throat so despondent is he. To know that he failed so utterly, to both Chapter and Emperor, was enough cause for doubt and self-loathing to fill his mind.<br/>
<br/>
But he is a Space Marine, and you have no use for a Blood Raven that is tainted by doubt. So you shall forge Apollo Diomedes anew, and excise the blemishes from his frame that have come from over two centuries of direct subordination to the traitor Kyras. Either that, or he will fall in service, and in doing so find redemption another way.<br/>
<br/>
“I understand…Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
“Good.”<br/>
<br/>
Then you turn, and face the stars once more. Apollo rises, then silently joins you at your right side. Engines blaze and light up the void as Cyrus leaves with the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company’s fleet and additions. Three fully armed Strike Cruisers and the Escorts alongside them should be enough. Trontiux III is your one viable Recruiting World at the moment, and so you have given him explicit instructions to perform the most exacting and strenuous Blood Trials possible. Thankfully, you have not recruited from Trontiux III in several decades…<i>another</i> one of Kyras’s policies that were to deceptively weaken the Chapter over time.<br/>
<br/>
First he ordered Trontiux III left alone for so long that by all reports the feral orks have grown far too strong for your comfort, weakened Subsector Aurelia…the machinations of that damned soul still ignites a fiery hatred within you. Still, Cyrus knows what he is doing.<br/>
<br/>
[Warp Travel To Trontiux III: 67+5(Nearness)=72/100]<br/>
[Blood Trials of Trontiux III:  94+5(Cyrus Overseeing)=99/100)]<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet</u><br/>
Strike Cruisers: Faith's Horizon, <i>Ravenous Spirit</i>, <i>Spiraling Fury</i><br/>
3 Escorts<br/>
Gains: 150 Blood Raven Aspirants</b><br/>
<br/>
He returns with a truly astounding bounty. After several decades of not being drawn from, Trontiux III had quite a significant amount of worthy aspirants, after fighting on a diet of increasingly numerous feral orks. On that note, by the way, Cyrus says that even after authorizing orbital bombardment on open feral encampments that he feels that Trontiux III is still in a little bit more danger than he would like for your one viable Recruiting World. After which he declared that he would begin training his aspirants immediately. The sooner they ascend to neophytes, the sooner they can become scouts, and the sooner the Chapter will return to its full strength.<br/>
<br/>
-------------------------------<br/>
<br/>
It burns at your soul to know that this venerable ship has languished under Kyras’s presence for so long. When you received the order you leapt into action with a veritable fleet of servo skulls, all filled with various tools and actuators but even so it has taken far longer than you thought it should have. Pacifying the Machine Spirit of the <i>Arcanum</i> has required a ridiculously long list of rituals that you highly suspect was put there simply to frustrate you. On the other hand, maybe not, and your fraying patience is merely due to the unsettling feeling of a ship this large being so…empty.<br/>
<br/>
This vessel should have carried serfs and aspirants and many men filling it, the blood to the machine's body. Instead, so far as you have found, the vast majority of this ships population was sacrificed by Kyras and his traitorous brethren. A population of sacrifices just waiting for him to take advantage, for more than two centuries. You have suffered too much to shudder like some common mortal, but all the same you do not like it. Even on Typhon there was never a truly silent moment. Constant noise has been your companion practically since you became a Techmarine, but this is something else entirely. The only noise is your servo harness and the servo skulls, this deep into the ship.<br/>
<br/>
You don't like it. Still, you've been all over this ship, in every area you can think of that might have been the holder of some last 'present' of Kyras. The Hanger Bays are largely empty but that can be solved either through your own workings or from a Forge World, the relics are...all gone, which frustrates you endlessly. Either they were destroyed in the fighting, destroyed symbolically by Kyras or his followers, or given to said followers and have likely disappeared into the Warp. As it is, you are now proceeding to the last place that requires investigation and at the same time one of the most holy.<br/>
<br/>
"Brother Gracchus, are you ready?" you call to the...the word <i>mousey</i> should never be used when referring to a space marine, and to be fair Brother Gracchus towers over any regular human, but for a space marine he is...<i>short</i>.<br/>
<br/>
But you've seen his work, and you can respect him enough for that. His sheer knowledge and skill are why you called him here with you should the Chambers be damaged in some way that you cannot fathom.<br/>
<br/>
"I am. I can only hope that they are not too damaged."<br/>
<br/>
He doesn't see you grit your teeth from inside your helmet, but he <i>does </i>hear you growl.<br/>
<br/>
"I have just spent forty seven straight hours opening the way, if the doors did not open twelve hours ago then surely Kyras never even managed to get in here."<br/>
<br/>
You performed maintenance on the Implantation Chambers on both the lost <i>Armageddon </i>and the <i>Retribution</i>, so you are well aware that they are meant to be some of the toughest and most well protected parts of a ship in the Chapter, but that does not prevent you from being annoyed. Besides, no one can see inside your helmet anyway to see the faces you make. Like the one you are making right now as you cut off the speakers of your helmet to scream in frustration as the pad on the wall in front of you flashes red <i>again</i>.<br/>
<br/>
Thankfully it only took another six hours of Gracchus standing around awkwardly before there was a heavy and final-sounding <i>clunk</i> and the last of the bulkhead sized doors begin to move.<br/>
<br/>
"YES!" you shout with the speakers still off. Then, after flicking them back on, "Brother Gracchus, we may proceed."<br/>
<br/>
"Very good, Martellus."<br/>
<br/>
Then the vast Chambers are open...<br/>
<br/>
[Omnis Arcanum Implantation Chambers: 1/100]<br/>
<br/>
"No...no no no no!" Gracchus cries out in grief and pain.<br/>
<br/>
You match him in this, but do not fall to your knees as he does. Even so, you have to lock your armor to prevent you from falling over as your eyes continue to gaze out. The Implantation Chambers of the Omnis Arcanum...are <i>broken</i>. No, that is not a strong enough word. Shattered? Ruined? You barely even look at the fallen Apothecary body, a long fallen brother likely fallen in defending this place based on the blood that has dried to brown at this point. But the tubes, the precious Gene-Seed, all the equipment, all of it, all it...<br/>
<br/>
"Damn you Kyras! Damn you to hell!"<br/>
<br/>
There is no evidence of bolter fire or anything else. It is as if...as if some invisible force simply swept through at some point and acted like a localized hurricane of force and death. Something that you have little doubt that the former <i>Chief Librarian</i> could do. God Emperor...how long have these Chambers been left like this, with none to know other than the tainted Galan? You feel fury. You feel rage.<br/>
<br/>
But more than all of those, you feel grief.<br/>
<br/>
<b><i>Omnis Arcanum</i> Implantation Chambers Heavily Damaged, Requires Repairs.<br/>
All Omnis Arcanum Gene-Seed: Lost<br/>
<br/>
New Option Added:<br/>
Repair <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> Implantation Chambers: 500 BP Cost</b><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">-----------------------------​</div> <br/>
Grunting, you sit down heavily in the Space Marine grade chair, and even then it groans under the force of you nearly throwing yourself into it. It has been an exhausting few days as you reviewed the utterly <i>abysmal </i>state of Subsector Aurelia. Ever since you brought the Exterminatus to Cyrene and…and your father, you have spent the years travelling outside of Subsector Aurelia and largely the Korianis Sector in general. Perhaps you should have come back more often rather than recruiting from Rahe’s Paradise so often…perhaps you would have been more knowledgeable about this.<br/>
<br/>
Thankfully, you have the aid of those who have yet to leave in the past decade and more. Still, it somewhat concerns you how Cyrus, Tarkus, and Martellus formed up around an invisible and not actually present fourth member initially before realizing their mistake. Aramus is still not here but you still catch them every now and then shifting as if expecting him to be there.<br/>
<br/>
“We have much work to do,” you rumble to several nods.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Calderis</u> is nearly lost to you, which is of <i>immediate</i> concern. 10% of the PDF remain viable, while the few remaining settlements to the humans on Calderis are under extreme threat. The Planetary Governor of Calderis is lost, his space station destroyed when what must have been Kaptin Bluddflag’s Kroozer passed by on its way to the planet. Feral orks have joined up with the remnants of WAAAGH! Smashface, and the erstwhile Kaptin is nowhere visible. Worse, the feral tyranids have begun swarming in great numbers due to the bounty of biomass that the orks offer, turning the world into a three way battle that – if nothing is done soon to preserve humanities place on that world – may turn into a more simple two way battle between xenos. [Calderis Requires Immediate Intervention Within 2 Years, Or Will Be Lost]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Meridian</u> is holding on, as it ever has, but is undergoing issues. Because why wouldn’t it. Governor Derosa has yet to finish ripping the roots of her ongoing rebellious elements out, meaning that the lower levels are still inhabited by members of traitorous Guardsmen and PDF. Some might earnestly believe they are only doing the right thing in getting rid of Derosa due to her lack of a truly noble bloodline and taking the position from the traitorous Vandis – who even now remains at large – but their association with the Black Legion during the Second and Third Aurelian Crusade has irrevocably tainted their cause. Worse, there are still feral tyranids and orks of the notorious Blood Axe type running rampant through the lower hives and in a few isolated cases the Upper Hives. Meridian is also home to the legendary Angel Forge, a massive manufactorum complex that is essentially a miniature Forge World in one. It is from here that the sophisticated technologies used in defeating the tyranids in the First Aurelian Crusade were developed. Derosa has further approached you in that same regard. If you were to aid her in <i>finally</i> putting down the rebels and cleansing the tyranids and orks from her world she has offered an astonishing 5% production control interests in Angel Forge as well as her solemn promise of military aid from her own Imperial Guard forces should you require them in the future. [Opportunity: Cleanse Meridian of Orks/Tyranids/Rebels. Reward: 75 BP/Turn through Angel Forge. Major Favor From Governor Derosa of Meridian. Major Favor From Aurelian Guard Regiments]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Aurelia</u> is also of great concern. The former capital of Subsector Aurelia is a danger to all, considering the fact that according to reports and the psychic efforts of your few Librarians indicate that while Ulkair the Great Unclean One was successfully banished by Aramus’s own hand, he remains still. Evidence gained during the Third Aurelian Crusade indicates that he was even capable of corrupting the many Guardsmen on the planet save for a small fraction, and as such the planet is no longer garrisoned as such. On the other hand…Aurelia was once the home of the Blood Ravens, so very long ago. While it has been ravaged by the Warp for a thousand years, the resilience of Astartes equipment is well known. More than that, before it was swallowed up by the warp it was one of the most technologically advanced Civilized Worlds in the Sector. Who knows what may yet linger on that forlorn orb, hidden beneath the ice? What you end up doing with the world is up to you, of course. Whether that is to simply pound it further into submission, allow for careful missions to the surface in search of salvage, or just patrol above it regularly is up to you.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrene and Typhon Primaris</u>…well. Suffering from Exterminatus is quite a status. Though lifeless, they are not incapable of being used as bases for dark forces as Kyras proved. You will likely have to put watch stations of some sort or at least patrol them regularly to prevent such a thing from occurring again.<br/>
<br/>
The last matter, of course, is the <u>Judgement of Carrion</u>. One of the larger Space Hulks on record, and the sight of far too many dead Blood Ravens. It’s connection to your Chapter is most unwelcome, through Ulkair, through Kyras and Galan and the rest. Yet it is also there that through Aramus and his own forces – most dangerously none being armored in Terminator Armor – passed through <i>multiple</i> times. Recovering relics and gene-seed…many of which was lost during the Third Aurelian Crusade. You cannot imagine what Aramus might think of that should he ever hear of it from wherever he has gone into the Eye of Terror. As it is, the ominous amalgamation of ships remains as full of orks and tyranids as ever, and currently shows no signs of disappearing back into the Warp like it was assumed. Is it waiting for something? Aramus’s notes say that more than once it almost felt like the entire thing was…<i>alive</i> in some way or another. Still, secrets may yet lie within its confines, whether in the form or relics or ancient technologies, and you do not know if you can, as a Blood Raven, allow such knowledge to be destroyed.<br/>
<br/>
That, of course, is it regarding the Subsector itself. As for the <i>Chapter</i>…things are grim. With your actions you have now three companies, none of which is at full strength. None of which has its own Command Squad. Morale is generally low, but has the same undercurrent of utter <i>refusal</i> to surrender that has colored it since Kyras truly revealed his intentions. You are simply missing so <i>many</i> people, for positions to be filled and more.<br/>
<br/>
Specifically, you have no one, save perhaps Brother Priscus with a mind for commanding fleets. Which…does not necessarily mean you do not have options. Your long period as a Fleet-Based Chapter means that you <i>could</i> go looking amongst the Imperial Navy. After all, in rare cases, a Chapter's Master of the Fleet may not be an Astartes officer but a mortal with a long history of space combat and commanding fleet engagements, such as a former or current flag officer of the Imperial Navy who has been seconded to the Chapter under ancient inter-service agreements. You don’t…<i>have</i> any of those specifically referring to you laying around but Astartes-Navy agreements may exist that you could work with. It would take you actively searching for them, however.<br/>
<br/>
Leadership wise, everyone feels just a slight bit lost. The Librarians, so high in number as to cause intense suspicion by other sectors of the Imperium…are now so few. With them went their guidance, but hopefully their numbers will rebuild in the future.<br/>
<br/>
No. They <i>will</i> rebuild. They <i>must</i>.<br/>
<br/>
Let None Find Them Wanting.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter</u><br/>
[] Select a Chief Apothecary (Available Candidates: Apothecary Romallius, Apothecary Gracchus, Apothecary Astophiles)<br/>
[] Send your brothers for Specialist Training<br/>
- [] Yes (Specify)<br/>
- [] No<br/>
[] Select a Master of the Fleet (Choose One)<br/>
-[] Available Blood Raven Candidates: Hadrian Priscus, Marcus Crixus<br/>
-[] Can Potentially Ask Imperial Navy For A Flag Officer To Serve As Master of Fleet. Getting One Is Not Guaranteed<br/>
[] Dealing With Calderis<br/>
-[] Dispatch Forces (Write-In)<br/>
-[] Do Not Dispatch Forces<br/>
[] Dealing With Meridian<br/>
-[] Dispatch Forces (Write-In)<br/>
-[] Do Not Dispatch Forces<br/>
[] Repair <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> Implantation Chambers: 500 BP Cost<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
[] Agility<br/>
<br/>
<u>Know Your Chapter [Choose Two]</u><br/>
[] Inquire about the Korianis Sector<br/>
<br/>
[] Inquire about Segmentum Ultima<br/>
<br/>
[] Inquire about Segmentum Obscurus<br/>
<br/>
[] Inquire about brothers in the Death Watch<br/>
<br/>
[] Inquire about Chapter Fleet Issues (Repair opportunities, Supplies, etc.)</div>
  </body>
</html>