<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Four)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Four)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Form the Chain of Command</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[] Plan: Form the Chain of Command<br/>
-[] Honour Guard<br/>
--[] Captain: Jordis Mencis<br/>
--[] Apothecary: Apothecary Ikai<br/>
--[] Chaplain: Chaplain Tasanor<br/>
--[] Champion: Veteran Nicholas<br/>
--[] 9 1st Company Veterans transferred to Honour Guard<br/>
-[] Redistribute some of the 145 Unassigned Battle Brothers To Already Established Companies<br/>
--[] 18 to 2nd, 20 to 4th, 9 to 5th<br/>
-[] Retain Unassigned Battle Brothers For Upcoming Conflict Instead Of Promoting To Any Specific Company<br/>
--[] 8 Remaining Unassigned Battle Brothers<br/>
-[] Re-Establish A Blood Raven Company (3rd)<br/>
--[] Captain: Hantu<br/>
--[] Company Champion: Amicus Antal<br/>
--[] Epistolary: Idman<br/>
--[] Apothecary: Aratos<br/>
--[] Chaplain: Galloss<br/>
--[] Transfer 90 Unassigned Battle Brothers to 3rd Company<br/>
--[] Transfer 9 5th Company Veterans &amp; 1 1st Company Veteran to serve as 3rd Company Sergeants<br/>
--[] Transfer Tomb-Brother Andradus &amp; Tomb-Brother Nephrus to 3rd Company<br/>
--[] Transfer <i>The Great Father's Fist</i>, 1 1st Company Gladius Frigate, 1 2nd Company Hunter Destroyer, 1 4th Company Hunter Destroyer, 1 5th Company Gladius Frigate, 1 5th Company Nova Frigate to 3rd Company Fleet<br/>
-[] General Reassignments<br/>
--[] Assign 1 5th Company Veteran as the final 5th Company Sergeant<br/>
--[] Reassign 1 1st Company Veteran to replace Hantu as 4th Company Sergeant</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>A Breath Choked By Ash<br/>
+075.M42+ To +080.M42+<br/>
Be Faithful! Be Strong! Be Vigilant! - The Emperor of Mankind</b><br/>​</div>In the depths of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>, a grand ceremony was taking place. Though they were ravaged and battered by circumstance and time, the Blood Ravens retained some traditions that they could not deny. In this case, it was a rare and bittersweet occasion. Sweet, for it was a thing of revival, of recreation, but bitter for that it needed to occur at all. It was a draught that many of the Blood Ravens alive today could not help but be familiar with, even if two centuries ago it would have been unthinkable. But then, many unthinkable things had happened in shockingly fast succession. Cyrene. Tartarus. Rahe's Paradise. Kronus. Kaurava. The Aurelian Crusades. <i>Kyras</i>, and all that followed. Despite that, however, there was nothing but joy in Gabriel's hearts, regardless of it being flesh or bionic. The leadership of the chapter had assembled, as had their most senior members from across company and specialists both.<br/>
<br/>
"Come forth Sergeant Hantu of the 4th Company," Gabriel intoned, dressed now not in his terminator armor, but in more ceremonial robes, something repeated across all those present save for the Librarians who retained their psychic hoods and armor. "Come forth Brother Jordis Mencis."<br/>
<br/>
From before them, surrounded by saluting and unmoving ranks of Blood Ravens with their armors painted in the Chapter's colors but without any other identifying sigils, Hantu came. Armor refurbished and repaired after the damage sustained in the Helba Campaign, with a few extra additions. A handful of purity seals created by the Sisters of Battle, to mark the armor of the one who had fought alongside them and garnered what could almost be considered friendship. A few stenciled scrawls that, while perhaps crude by the reckoning of some, marked the approval and comradeship with the Imperial Guard Regiments who had fought alongside him. He bore no astonishing relics, nothing of incredible power, save for his armor, bolter, and knife. All of which were of utterly standard make. Then he knelt. Then came Jordis, still holding onto the same chainsword that he had wielded as part of the 2nd Company. His armor was pitted and scarred, marks of remembrance and respect from the battles he had waged, any and all true damage to the armor that could interfere with its function repaired. His face was scarred from a grievous slash by a Suysh Royal Guard, twisting the left half of his mouth into a permanent sardonic frown. <br/>
<br/>
"Who comes before the Blood Ravens now?" Gabriel called out, looking down upon Hantu.<br/>
<br/>
"Warriors of worth," Cyrus spoke up immediately, "Ones who bring victory to those they lead, to those they fight alongside."<br/>
<br/>
"Brothers of integrity," Tarkus added, "Ones who have held true to the Chapter, the Imperium, and the Emperor."<br/>
<br/>
Then the deck groaned slightly as the awakened<br/>
<br/>
<b>"I…shall…speak</b>," Davian Thule announced through his speakers, "<b>For I, Davian Thule, was Hantu's Captain</b>."<br/>
<br/>
"I shall speak," Macharius Sicarius proclaimed, "For I, Macharius Sicarius, was Jordis' Captain."<br/>
<br/>
"Speak, then," Gabriel nodded. "Speak of these brothers."<br/>
<br/>
And so Davian Thule did. He spoke of the brave, the loyal, the strong. A battle brother who had fought on Kronus and many battlefields besides. Who had not hesitated to refuse the offers of the heretics during the Chapter Civil War, who had never faltered. Even if he had not distinguished himself as an exemplar earlier in life, space marines were not so chronologically restricted in their lifetimes and capacity for accomplishment like other humans. The moment of exultation, of glory, could come centuries down the line from when one was a scout, and yet all the work before then was also of worth. For his was the bolter firing in the battleline alongside the others and his was the voice who called his squad to their objective while the battle unfolded. Then Macharius spoke, speaking of the younger, but no less brave Jordis, who was born of Calderis' desert warriors. A leader, a friend, a battle brother who guided and taught and fought with the same striding exemplary skill. Who had slain a Suysh Queen on his lonesome, nearly dying in the attempt but surviving instead through grit and willpower. <br/>
<br/>
"We have heard, we have listened, and we have decided," Gabriel announced when Thule finally fell silent, the dreadnought almost drooping with the effort of so much concentration and unbroken speech. "Brother Hantu, long have you served as sergeant. Now, we call upon you to rise to the position of captain, to take command of the revived 3rd Company."<br/>
<br/>
"And I shall do so," Hantu raised his head, eyes glimmering with emotion. "And I shall strive to prove myself worthy of the legacy of its last Captain."<br/>
<br/>
"See that you do so, for to do otherwise would shame not just the Chapter, but yourself," Gabriel said seriously before laying <i>Godsplitter</i> lightly across Hantu's two shoulders. "Now rise, Brother-Captain Hantu of the 3rd Company! And you, Brother Jordis, we charge you to rise as Brother-Captain of the Honor Guard!"<br/>
<br/>
"I shall do so," Jordis nodded resolutely, not even looking at the nearby Apollo who stood within the shadows, watching another take his former place. "May none find us wanting."<br/>
<br/>
"MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!"<br/>
<br/>
The assembled brothers of the revived company saluted, slamming ceramite to ceramite, while those garbed in their robes copied the gesture. There would be a ceremonial feast afterwards, even if it would be paltry by the standards of many other Chapters throughout the Imperium. Even now, some things remained, such as the tendency of the Blood Ravens towards quiet contemplation and study. If not of the enemy, then of themselves. But there was much studying of the former to be done regardless, for it would be one of the last moments of peace that the Blood Ravens could grasp for before war came again.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================================<br/>​</div>The signs had already been there, for many years now. The people of Subsector Aurelia shifted uneasily in their sleep, whether in the Underhive or in the upper spires. Mutation was on the rise, even in areas bereft of major radiation or chemical hazards. Nightmares spread like a plague. The diseased ballooned in number, even as they were immediately cracked down on by the servants of the God-Emperor. The judgement of the Grey Knights was sound. There was nothing sufficiently dramatic and immediate to give an immediate example of warning, but then that was the way of Nurgle. To decay, to rot, to slowly ooze from the wound. Aurelia's structural integrity was ruined, in the long run, by the machinations of Chaos and the past actions of the Black Legion and Azariah Kyras. It quite simply could not hold forever. It did not crack apart, explode, erupt or anything like that. Not yet, perhaps.<br/>
<br/>
Instead, the Warp began to...curdle, for lack of a better word.<br/>
<br/>
Travel to and from Subsector Aurelia began to grow more difficult, slowed. It was worse inside the Subsector proper, ships attempting to move from Calderis to Meridian finding what should have been short trips greatly extended. At least five freighters that were ferrying supplies showed up weeks after their original estimated arrival times. Astropathic messages were garbled, confused, a few words here and there becoming unintelligible in transit somehow. The premonitions of the Librarians grew dark indeed, filled with death and decay, and the Blood Ravens began to gird themselves for what they knew had been coming. It was not quite the same as a warp storm, something which tore asunder reality and Immaterium alike in a violent eruption, but it was dangerously similar. Ulkair was growing in strength, it was the only answer. But this time around, the Blood Ravens would not fight the daemon and its ilk alone.<br/>
<br/>
Ferried on Mechanicus war barges came the knights of Trontiux II, with much proclaimed fanfare and righteousness in their vox calls. Though they were a minor House compared to much more famous and acclaimed Knightly Houses, even a single knight could change a battle's outcome. High King Myrlen had not idly boasted when he had stated that the whole of his world would come to aid the Blood Ravens as they had once done for him. The Mechanicus Adepts of Angel Forge were especially pleased to see the Knights of Trontiux II, and there was much conversation and meeting between them as they slowly cooled their heels in anticipation for the warring to come. A little over fifty knights had come, fully supplied, and ready for battle against whatever would come to Subsector Aurelia. Being the closest, however, at least due to being in the same Sector, they had been the first to arrive to aid the Chapter. But they would not be the last of the Korianis Sector, for shortly afterwards a fleet detachment from Forge World Zerann arrived. Direly needed as they might have been, the Mechanicus was not one that easily broke with their oaths and debts. An army it was not, but the ships possessed enough crew and skitarii to fight admirably in the void and given that Astartes ships were not meant for pure void combat like others, it was a welcome boon indeed.<br/>
<br/>
Other allies required slightly longer to arrive as the riots slowly started to get worse on Meridian but arrive they did.<br/>
<br/>
From those further allies, the first was the Scarlet Lions, the 2nd and 3rd Company of that Chapter just as bombastic as ever. Captain Bartorius and Captain Kallek had come as promised, their ships long refurbished and repaired from their past joint efforts. Though some in the Blood Ravens were intensely curious as to the hints and suggestions made, as well as disturbed at the idea of such Alpha Legion infiltration efforts being carried out on other Chapters, Gabriel had firmly decided that he quite simply did not wish to know. Too many secrets had nearly destroyed the Chapter once, he would not have that fate befall them once more. The Scarlet Lions, thankfully, seemed to agree on the matter, and all that Bartorius and Kallek cared to discuss was upcoming battle plans and potential positioning. In the meantime, drills would be undertaken between their Chapters to ensure good cohesion when they fought alongside one another.<br/>
<br/>
Next to slip from the steadily worsening local Warp environment was a familiar single ship, without escort or aid. But then it did not necessarily need it. For the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> was no mere Grand Cruiser, it had long been modified and enhanced by the Ordos Xenos and the Mechanicus. The personal vessel of Inquisitor Adrastia was a grim and powerful ship, as befitting its owner.<br/>
<br/>
"Gabriel," Adrastia said with a small smile as she gazed up at the Chapter Master, the docking bay of the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i> conspicuously emptied out. "How are you?"<br/>
<br/>
"Well enough, all things considered," Gabriel sighed, looking into the middle distance for a moment before refocusing back on her. "And you?"<br/>
<br/>
"My superiors were most interested in my…changed psyker rating," Adrastia grimaced and rolled her new eyes.<br/>
<br/>
One had been regrown through psychic measures, the other a perfect outward replication of absolutely masterful bionics work.<br/>
<br/>
"But the recovery of Vandis was considered quite the catch," she smiled, a dangerous and <i>very</i> satisfied thing that washed away the lines of age and stress completely.<br/>
<br/>
For the briefest of moments, at least, before her natural demeanor reasserted itself.<br/>
<br/>
"This matter with Ulkair is, I believe, the last bit of unfinished business with this Subsector," she nodded. "Afterwards, there might even be some genuine peace here."<br/>
<br/>
"Aurelia has suffered terribly this past century, it is true," Gabriel nodded, the two moving to stand side to side to look at the <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> as it hung in the void next to the <i>Omnis Arcanum</i>. "But so have you."<br/>
<br/>
For a moment, his old friend stilled. It had nearly been a century since the Aurelian Crusades. Unlike space marines, Adrastia was far more vulnerable to the ravages of time, though she had been quite young when they had first met by any base human standard. As an Inquisitor, however, she had access to far more resources to deal with those same ravages of time than others. As near as could be told, she had not yet even begun to rely on any major cybernetic enhancement or replacement aside from her one eye. Her force sword, inferno pistol, and power armor were all of clear artificer work, bearing the emblems of Mars itself, as well as the Inquisition. He also knew, even without being told by Martellus, that her Imperial Rosette bore the workings of a rosarius device.<br/>
<br/>
"Governor Derosa has done admirable work, however," Adrastia sniffed. "She has expended considerable effort and capital on reversing the rot that House Vandis fomented for all those years."<br/>
<br/>
"It was once remarked by one of our number that she might have served better sooner if she had been a Sister of Battle," Gabriel said softly.<br/>
<br/>
"I disagree," Adrastia shook her head. "Under Derosa, industrial output has massively improved, efficiency has increased, and Meridian itself has contributed far worthier Guard regiments than the detritus that Vandis managed to get the Administratum to take. With Angel Forge reducing production of luxury goods by 50% and redirecting those processes and resources to more important things, especially. Statistically, she has contributed far more to the Imperium than she possibly could have running about with a single bolter."<br/>
<br/>
"Hah!" Gabriel laughed, though it was a brief-lived thing. "A fair point."<br/>
<br/>
They stood in silence for a moment more, gazing into the void, before comm beads activated for them both. One from the Librarius for the Chapter Master, one from the <i>Sword of Reckoning </i>for the Inquisitor.<br/>
<br/>
"The Ordo Malleus is here," Adrastia said at the same time as Gabriel saying, "The Grey Knights have come."<br/>
<br/>
And so they had.<br/>
<br/>
Knight-Captain Tegvar had been with the small detachment of Grey Knights present above the planet Aurelia, keeping close watch over the Empyrean there, and was taciturn and standoffish even by the standards of their kind. Though they had only resided upon a frigate, that had changed with the new arrival. Identifying himself as Knight-Captain Beothinon, he had brought with him four more Nova-class frigates as well as their own strike cruiser. For indeed, it was a rare enough occasion that the Grey Knights were able to be so prepared against a daemonic incursion, having years of knowledge ahead of time to prepare. To that effect, a full hundred more Grey Knights had come, for they would not let a Greater Daemon such as Ulkair be released without a fight.<br/>
<br/>
Yet a new question reared its head with their arrival. For shortly beforehand, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens had discovered what might well be considered the last gift of Moriah. A ritual of binding, the same which had imprisoned Ulkair before. A rare thing, a unique thing, a potentially priceless piece of knowledge. The Grey Knights clearly regretted their relationship with the Blood Ravens up until that point, not simply because of their casualties they had taken in Kaurava under Boreale's incompetent leadership, but from the taint of Kyras which lingered upon the Chapter's good name even now. And, in truth, likely would in some minds forever. It was a delicate matter, to admit to such a piece of detailed knowledge with regards to daemons, after everything. But perhaps it should still be done?<br/>
<br/>
Though it certainly was not the last of the questions to be made.<br/>
<br/>
Conferencing between all assembled parties came to another set of conclusions as it pertained to the enemy. The Tarot was clear, at least as clear as such a tool could be, especially when the precognitive abilities of the Blood Ravens Librarius was put to work on the matter. Ulkair had been calling for his slaves and servants, promising reward and favor aplenty for any who committed to the effort. Though a great many of the Plague God's servants fought in the 13th Black Crusade, such was the devilry and threat of heresy and corruption that there still remained notable elements throughout all the Segmentums that swore to the Dark Gods. There remained, even now, many fallen worlds, corrupted systems, and even whole Sectors sworn to Chaos. It was, unfortunately, impossible to ascertain just how many would come, or what variety, though some amount of Chaos Space Marines was expected at minimum.<br/>
<br/>
The universe was not kind enough to do otherwise.<br/>
<br/>
The issue at hand, then, was the defense. Two possibilities were raised, depending not upon the enemy but upon the forces of the Imperium. For it would be the latter that surely alter the behavior of the former. The experience of all the space marines involved, and the logs of the Blood Ravens and Grey Knights, all concurred in extrapolation. The end goal of the enemy was obvious, the release of Ulkair from the eroding prison that was Aurelia. Such could be accomplished in a variety of ways, the simplest of which would simply be the destruction of Aurelia itself. The crumbling planet was both physically and metaphysically the anchor which pinned Ulkair in place in both the Materium and Immaterium. A sustained orbital bombardment of sufficient strength, or explosives planted at crucial fault lines upon the surface, could destroy it utterly. Therefore, the first defense against such a method was obvious, a naval blockade of the planet of sufficient strength to ward off such a method from being attempted.<br/>
<br/>
Yet, if this was done, all agreed, the Great Enemy would certainly attempt another method. Assuming that they did not possess rituals and castings to free the Great Unclean One was foolish. Furthermore, should their first method of attack be denied to them, the greatest secondary solution would be to invade the rest of the Subsector in force. The Blood Ravens could not allow the enemy to freely attack two of their Recruiting Worlds, and the greater Korianis Sector would suffer greatly if a world of Meridian's value was destroyed or damaged irreparably. Angel Forge was, despite being on a Hive World, one of the most sophisticated Forge-Temples of the Mechanicus in the Eastern Fringe, possibly all of Segmentum Ultima.<br/>
<br/>
All of which was made more complicated by the fact that no one could say save for Ulkair himself who amongst the servants of Chaos would be coming to his aid.<br/>
<br/>
But no one, not the Blood Ravens, not Inquisitor Adrastia, not the Grey Knights, not even Ulkair himself could have expected what happened just a few solar months before the end of the year. For it was, as they spoke in orbit over Meridian, that a wave of absolute chaos and terror swept across not just Subsector Aurelia but the whole of the entire galaxy. Hundreds of thousands of psykers sang out in a language that was not their own, many executed afterwards from the subsequent bouts of blindness. Dreams and nightmares melded alike, for those touched by the Warp and those not. Those of the Ecclesiarchy that were truly touched by the divinity of the God-Emperor shuddered, for they felt the Empyrean shake and twist as it became unbalanced, like a great weight had been thrown into a lake, before a new yet subtly different equilibrium asserted itself. The Astronomicon was, ever so briefly, obscured as a new light blinked through the Warp, sending millions of souls into destruction and damnation without a chance for salvation.<br/>
<br/>
A name was whispered upon the astral winds, from no discernable source, as <i>something</i> new came to a fractured half-fruition – and yet that was just enough.<br/>
<br/>
For in Commorragh, the gladiator known as Yvraine was born anew before a shocked crowd of Dark Eldar after being slain by a Priestess of Morai-Heg.<br/>
<br/>
And she was filled with a new, unfamiliar, <i>holy</i> light.<br/>
<br/>
But Subsector Aurelia, and the Imperium, knew nothing of this. All they knew was that the Warp itself had gone beyond curdling, it was practically beginning to simultaneously rot and solidify. Nightmares began to be had across the populace of both Meridian and Calderis, shortly followed by three simultaneous uprising on the Hive World. Bandit groups on Calderis that had sprung to life with the total extermination of the tyranids and near total extermination of the greenskins began attacking various settlements bearing flags of rotted flesh with a familiar symbol upon it. Warp travel began to get slower and slower still, though it remained somewhat possible. There was no telling, however, if that would remain the same forever.<br/>
<br/>
The decisions needed to be made, and soon. It was entirely possible that the Warp would become all but impossible, and so the distribution of the ships and forces they had available needed to be doled out to the worlds of the Subsector immediately. It was just as entirely possible that the Warp would not become so intractable, but which choice was the better? To deploy the majority of their naval strength over Aurelia to ensure its protection, or to try and protect Meridian and Calderis as well, keeping the enemy from utilizing those worlds – or possibly even Typhon and Cyrene – for their dark purposes? Knight-Captain Boethinon grimly declared that there were more than enough souls on Meridian, for instance, for a great many terrible rituals to be enacted, some that might be enough to release Ulkair at a distance.<br/>
<br/>
But it was Subsector Aurelia, the home of the Blood Ravens, and so their decisions would carry the most weight.<br/>
<br/>
And thus, Gabriel Angelos felt the weight of his mantle fall upon him almost heavier than it had ever been before.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Decisions of the Chapter Master:</b><br/>
<u>12 Hour Moratorium</u><br/>
<br/>
<i>Ritual Knowledge Decision</i><br/>
[] Tell the Grey Knights about the Ritual of Binding that Chapter Master and Chief Librarian Moriah devised which specifically targets Ulkair. Reaction of the Grey Knights unknown.<br/>
[] Do Not Tell the Grey Knights about the Ritual of Binding that Chapter Master and Chief Librarian Moriah devised which specifically targets Ulkair. Reaction of the Grey Knights unknown.<br/>
<br/>
<i>Deployment Decisions</i><br/>
[] Aurelia Focus: Focus the majority of the defender's strength at Aurelia, preventing the enemy from taking the quickest path towards their damning victory. This will likely put the rest of the Subsector at greater risk, but some forces can be distributed to other portions of the Subsector than just Aurelia. (Write-In Force Deployment Locations, and Forces Deployed) [Deployment Locations = Aurelia, Meridian, Calderis, Typhon, Cyrene]<br/>
<br/>
OR<br/>
<br/>
[] Subsector Focus: Focus the majority of the defender's strength across the Subsector, ensuring that the enemy cannot easily attack any one world, unless the concentrate the totality of their strength on a single target. Such as Aurelia, Ulkair's prison. This carries with it risk, but so too does it carry the chance of ensuring better protection for the Subsector if Warp Travel becomes even more difficult and the enemy attacks in multiple locations. (Write-In Force Deployment Locations, and Forces Deployed) [Deployment Locations = Aurelia, Meridian, Calderis, Typhon, Cyrene]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Forces Available</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Entire Blood Ravens Chapter+Fleet [See Front Page]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Inquisitor's Forces<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Inquisitor Adrastia of the Ordo Hereticus</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">23rd Alphic Wolves (Tempestus Scions Regiment)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Ordo Hereticus Vengeance-class Grand Cruiser 'Sword of Reckoning' [Possesses Ancient Retribution Battleship-grade Plasma Macrobatteries, Significantly Upgraded Armor, Shielding, Engines]</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Grey Knights<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Grey Knights Strike Cruiser</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5 Nova-class Frigates</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Knight-Captain Darig Tegvar<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Grey Knight Terminator Squad [10/10]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Grey Knight Purgation Squads [10/10]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2 Grey Knight Strike Squad [10/10]</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Knight-Captain Beothinon<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Grey Knights</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Knights of Trontiux II<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Exalted Court of House Myrlen, House Merlyn<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x5 Knights Castellan, x1 Princeps/King Merlyn</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x12 Knights Errant</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">House Legrin<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x10 Knights Errant, Baron Legrin</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">House Aerian<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x10 Knights Errant, Baron Aerian</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x20 Armiger Helverin</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">House Xerult<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x8 Knights Errant, Baron Xerult</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">House Baroon<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">x5 Knights Errant, Baron Baroon</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Scarlet Lions<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Battle Barge <i>Scion of Honor</i>, 5 Sword-class Frigates<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Captain Bartorius of the 3rd Company, Full Strength Company</li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Strike Cruiser <i>Purity's Blade</i>, 5 Sword-class Frigates<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Captain Kallek of the 2nd Company, Full Strength Company</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Adeptus Mechanicus<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Retribution-class Battleship [Flagship, Commanded by Magos Militant Lu-Tu-7]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2 Adeptus Mechanicus Cruisers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">4 Lunar-class Cruisers</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></div>
  </body>
</html>