<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 7</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 7</h2>


Spoiler: Voting results



[*] Fortify the road to Kislev to keep the Daemons isolated from population centers.



"We don't know what the daemons will know," you say, interrupting the circular conversation. "If the intention of whatever power we're opposing here is opportunistic, it's possible they spill out of there with a map, a packed lunch and a chapbook, and will beeline straight for civilization. But if they're still besieging the Dwarves of Karak Vlag, or if the intention was to join the next Everchosen, it could be that they will be completely ignorant of what part of reality they will find themselves in. If we fortify the entrance, that doesn't matter as they'll run into us anyway, but if we fortify a ways to the west, there's a not inconsiderable chance that some or possibly even all will head east, or scatter into the mountains."

"I thought daemons were supposed to be a fragment of the greater power," Ruprecht says doubtfully. "Surely they would not lack for knowledge."

"Connection does not necessarily imply pooled knowledge," you say. "For instance, take my familiar, Wolf, back at the Karak. He is as much a part of me as daemons are a part of their God. But even if he were here, I would not know what he had for breakfast unless I made an effort to find out, and at this distance I have no way of knowing at all. The Dark Gods would be much more able to talk to their servants, but the deciding factor here is whether they would bother. Distraction or whim could have the Tempter's attention elsewhere."

"Not all prayers are answered," Joerg says with a nod.

"It surrenders the initiative," Gotrek says, "and our flanks would be much more exposed than if we kept them bottled up."

"Against the forces of the Violent, I would agree, but the Tempter is much more likely to try alternate methods when the obvious fails. Watching the main gates is no guarantee that they would not seek egress elsewhere."

There's a lull in the conversation as glances begin to go sideways at Borek, who is frowning, lost in his thought. "So many have put so much towards the attempt to reclaim my own home," he says at last, "that I cannot justify not doing the same for Karak Vlag. Karag Dum would rather be lost than inherit the shame I would bring them if I did not try."

"Well said," Snorri says, to nods from around the room. Then a map is unrolled and the Expedition begins to plan the defence of High Pass.

---

"As the rumour mill has probably informed you all by now," you say to the Wizards under your command upon the deck of the Volans, "Karak Vlag made a brief reappearance earlier today, expelling several lesser daemons of the Tempter. Before we go on, does anyone not know what I mean by that?" You get silence in response, thankfully. You'd have very stern words to pass along to their College if any of the Wizards here had not had at least a basic briefing in the Chaos Gods. "This would suggest that the Karak was being kept with ties to both realms to act as a go-between, either for targets of opportunity or to wait for the next Asavar Kul. They saw me having a poke at it, and took a swipe at me without realizing there was a dragon within hornblowing distance. Having seen the mechanism in action, I believe I have a way to interfere with it."

Thoughtful looks appear on the faces of those present, as they should when someone suggests they can put a spoke in the wheel of the Chaos Gods. "Couldn't that result in the Karak being stuck forever in the Aethyr?" Max asks.

"It could, and if that happens, then it's no worse off than it was yesterday and the entire Old World is better off with one less avenue of daemonic reinforcement for the next Great War. But my theory is that it would be anchored here in reality, and the magical energy it's absorbing is maintaining that anchor. Otherwise it would require less passive power, but much, much more power to move it back and forth."

Egrimm nods. "Direct translation from the Aethyr to reality requires either the borders between the two to be extremely thin, or a huge amount of power to be expended. The forces of Chaos greatly prize ways around this. That's why they spend so much effort creating and spreading Cults, to act as relays for their will and anchors for their true servants, and why it's so important for them to be hunted and destroyed."

"So if all goes to plan, tomorrow I will travel to interrupt their power supply-" you see several mouths opening, "-the details of which lie in both College and Dwarven secrets, so don't even ask. If all goes to plan, Karak Vlag will be severed from the Aethyr and return to reality, and the daemons caught in it will spill forth and either dash themselves to pieces upon our defences," you gesture at the already-formidable stone barricades blocking the road below, "or head east and spill out into the Zorn Uzkul. They won't have long before reality erodes them, and their only hope of extending that timer is finding some easy targets to capture and sacrifice, so we'll be keeping them from Kislev."

"And the only targets for that in the Zorn Uzkul are the you-know-whos or, uh, the other you-know-whos," Cyrston says.

"Which is a win for us, as far as I'm concerned. For those of you who can't fill in the second blank, I'll tell you if it becomes important. Now, the tricky part between us and the reclamation of a Dwarfhold is that it means withstanding daemonic assault for up to three days. The Tempter is..." You consider your words for a moment. "Well, each of the Four is horrible in their own special ways, but the Tempter is called that for a reason. If at any time you doubt in your ability to withstand what you might be offered, there will be no dishonour and no censure in withdrawing at the first opportunity. Better to fight only half a battle than to go against the Tempter with a chink in your armour." You can see resolution on the faces of the Wizards to not need to accept this offer, and you can only hope they change their mind if they find themselves tempted. "Has anyone here faced Daemons before?"

Nods from Esbern and Seija, which makes sense - the Knights of Taal's Fury oppose Chaos in all its forms, not just Beastmen. Egrimm nods too, and Citharus and Timpania raise hesitant hands. "Do Apparitions count?" Michel asks.

"That's a complicated question, but for the purposes of this conversation, no," you say. "Very well. The bulk of the enemy forces will be what is usually known as Daemonettes. Physically they appear largely humanoid, with pinkish-purple skin, hooved or taloned feet, and sometimes horns. They're typically armed with short blades, whips, and sometimes have claws instead of hands. They're no more durable than human opponents but they are superhumanly fast, so I wouldn't recommend locking blades with them if you can avoid it. They're also..." you mentally reword the coming sentence a few times, "distracting in appearance, and dressed in little or no clothing. In this context they're more likely to try to kill than lure, but it's still something to be aware of. Even if you don't think you'd be tempted by that sort of being, their nature makes it very easy to overlook what doesn't interest you and focus on what might.

"Some of them may be Seekers, which are Daemonettes mounted on daemonic Steeds that resemble a sort of featherless bird the size of a horse, but are faster than any mortal steed and have a long, whip-like tongue with poisoned saliva. And they may be accompanied by beings known as Fiends, which are said to be akin to a centaur, except they blend Daemonette and Steeds in the same way centaurs do a man and a horse. Their tails have a barb that delivers an extremely powerful sedative, and they're said to release an odour that numbs the body and slows reactions. Finally, there may be one or more Greater Daemons or Daemon Princes on the field. Their forms vary greatly, but they're almost always significantly larger than anything else that would be amongst the opposition. I would recommend extreme caution with these, and where possible, leave them to the big guns. Any questions?"

"Enemy spellcasters?" Michel asks.

"Some Daemonettes may be capable of wielding Chaos magic or Ulgu, as will any Daemon Princes or Greater Daemons. Anything else?" There appears to be nothing, and you nod. "Remember, this is Chaos we're dealing with. There might be unexpected or even previously unrecorded beings amongst them. Be ready and be flexible." And with that last warning, you unroll a copy of the plan the Council eventually reached and begin to explain it and hand out assignments.

The battlefield will be a flat plain about forty meters wide with steep edges to either side. There will be a line of hastily-built stone fortifications which will be held by the Rangers, who will fire at the first wave before falling back behind the Winter Wolves and the Slayers to hold the line behind them. Behind the fortifications will be the steam-wagons, which will be firing platforms for the cannon, shotcannon, Engineers, and Wizards. The Knights of Taal's Fury will be in the mountains to either side, ready to counter any flanking attempts or to flank the attackers if there are none; the Demigryphs are nimble enough to navigate this extremely rough terrain.



		Code:
	

\     |     /
\     |     /     Enemies, presumably
\     v     /
\           /
\           /
\-----------/
\ SSSSSSSSS /     Slayers
\ RRRRRRRRR /     Rangers
\ WWWWWWWWW /     Winter Wolves
\           /
\ | | | | | /
\ | | | | | /
\ | | | | | /     Steam-wagons
\ | | | | | /
\ | | | | | /
\           /
\           /



      E
      |
    N-+-S
      |
      W




Lady Magister Mathilde:
[ ] MATHILDE: Counterspelling
[ ] MATHILDE: Fire support
[ ] MATHILDE: Fighting alongside the Winter Wolves
[ ] MATHILDE: Fighting alongside the Knights of Taal's Fury
[ ] MATHILDE: Seeking to attack the flanks of already-engaged enemies
[ ] MATHILDE: Seeking to physically attack enemy spellcasters and leaders
[ ] MATHILDE: Seeking to physically attack Greater Daemons and Daemon Princes
[ ] MATHILDE: Other (write in)

Asarnil and Deathfang:
[ ] ASARNIL: Use your best judgement
[ ] ASARNIL: Other (write in)

Magister Johann:
[ ] JOHANN: Use your best judgement
[ ] JOHANN: Fire support
[ ] JOHANN: Fighting alongside you
[ ] JOHANN: Other (write in)

Magister Max:
[ ] MAX: Counterspelling
[ ] MAX: Fire support
[ ] MAX: Other (write in)

Magister Esbern and Seija:
[ ] AMBERS: With the Knights of Taal's Fury
[ ] AMBERS: Fighting alongside you
[ ] AMBERS: Other (write in)

Journeyman Hubert:
[ ] HUBERT: With the Winter Wolves
[ ] HUBERT: Fighting alongside you
[ ] HUBERT: Other (write in)

Magister Egrimm and Journeymanlings Citharus, Barbitus, and Timpania:
[ ] LIGHTS: Counterspelling as a choir
[ ] LIGHTS: Counterspelling individually
[ ] LIGHTS: Fire support as a choir
[ ] LIGHTS: Fire support individually
[ ] LIGHTS: Other (write in)

Magister Michel
[ ] CELESTIAL: Counterspelling
[ ] CELESTIAL: Fire support
[ ] CELESTIAL: Other (write in)

Journeyman Cyrston
[ ] JADE: Counterspelling
[ ] JADE: Fire support
[ ] JADE: Other (write in)

Journeywoman Alexandra
[ ] BRIGHT: Counterspelling
[ ] BRIGHT: Fire support
[ ] BRIGHT: Other (write in)



- There will be a three hour moratorium. Voting for the Wizard assignments will be in plan format, while voting for Mathilde's place in the coming battle will not be in plan format. This means most votes will have two parts: the vote for Mathilde's part in the Expedition, and the vote for the plan they support for the rest of the Wizards.
- Assuming that the Karak returns immediately and the Daemons immediately head towards the Expedition at full speed, Mathilde will be returning to the Expedition from blocking the Waystone at about the same time as the Daemons will reach them.
- 'Fire support' means they will seek to do as much damage to the enemy as possible with their spells, while 'counterspelling' means they will try to disrupt enemy magics and attack any identified spellcasters. If no enemy spellcasters are seen to be present, they will default to cautious fire support.
- 'Use your best judgement' is only available to those who have proven their combat skills to Mathilde, or have been sufficiently vouched for. It's not available for Esbern and Seija since it would have the same result as placing them with the Knights of Taal's Fury.
- Only those Wizards who have ways to keep up with Mathilde on a Shadowsteed are able to accompany Mathilde in battle. They will engage in whatever fights Mathilde engages in.
  </body>
</html>