<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Four)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Four)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[] Write-In: Send in the <i>Litany of Fury </i>and whatever ships Graves can spare right behind them to serve as the Anvil to lock the enemy fleet in place. Once the Fire Ships have detonated or been destroyed, engage with the Anvil. The Strike Cruisers will attempt to flank the fleet and target the Hades Cruisers to deny the enemy their heavy firepower while the <i>Litany of Fury </i>challenges the enemy Battle Barge, all the while the Librarius attempts to deny teleport assaults upon the ship. Priority to boarding assault will be all long ranged traitor cruisers, starting with the Hades and going down. Secondary Priority will be keeping enemy Strike Cruisers from reaching the fleet. While the enemy fleet is engaged, get the Troop Transports clear of the Gravity Reef and allow the remaining ships to join the fray. One Cruiser Fire Ship will hit a flank while allied ships disengage while remaining escort-tonnage Fire Ships will go straight for the Battle Barge.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><i>GM NOTE: Well, at least I still had an outline with some notes on actual paper. </i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b><br/>​</div>In an age of unending war, void combat often devolved into two distinct paths. The first was the duel. Hours, days, perhaps even weeks of maneuvering at long range, dancing in and out of enemy reticles and attacking them from afar before pulling back. A dreadful dance of a thousand cuts interspersed with intermissions in the form of minor recuperation in asteroid belts or nebulae, or perhaps the dark side of particularly large planets or planetoids. Steadily, slowly, the supplies dwindled, repairs became ever more threadbare before ceasing entirely as nothing remained to patch the holes with. Reactors began to stutter-stop as they were strained for long periods of time. Each blast, scar, tearing of hull and ship hard points was a glorious hard-fought victory or heartrending defeat, all leading up to moment when only one victor remained. The second was the immediate clash, an eruption of sheer violence and destruction that saw the ending of thousands of years of survival, of work, of machinery in but minutes. A conflict of such ferocity that for all the years of experience and generations of expertise in building warship and wargear alike would end in less than a single day.<br/>
<br/>
The Black Legion under Lord Mortirex, who had had their bloodlust stifled and unsated for decades at a time, only ever able to raid the furthest reaches and return on rare occasion, preferred the second.<br/>
<br/>
As the tainted vessel of Chaos flung themselves forward, frantic and terse communications flew between the ships of the Imperium. The pride of Admiral Graves was great, that of his Captains as well, and yet in this instance, he saw the wisdom of the course offered by the Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens. Grimly accepting their duty, the Avenger-class Grand Cruisers <i>Glorious Repentance </i>and <i>Illumination of the Emperor</i> drove forwards alongside the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. Three vessels, venerable and mighty, against the bloody and hooked fist of the enemy, an anvil to withstand what could be. Haphazard and barely targeted volleys flew from the closest Chaos ships, while behind the lances of the Imperium fired back. A moment passed as engines flared and gun ports opened, before at a single fleet-wide command a concentrated and deadly spread of torpedoes erupted from all ships capable of firing them. Concentrated lance salvoes struck at pre-determined targets, popping void shields like bubbles and shearing through vital components.<br/>
<br/>
The first howling Chaos ships, their crews long melded into their stations or shambling through their corridors, barely had enough time to contemplate the void itself as they were struck head on by the torpedo volley. Great holes were torn through them, two enemy cruisers disappearing entirely in explosions that seared the eye and sent static rippling through auspex sensors. But still the ships of Mortirex came on, some even laughing at the deaths of their comrades for their weakness. Those that had been damaged but not destroyed were only incensed by the damage dealt to them, the thought of retreat or even pausing for momentary repairs passing through exactly none of their minds. The daemons that cavorted across the vox proclaimed the names of their chosen ships, screaming in a choir of inviting damnation into the ears of all who dared listen to any but the protected channels.<br/>
<br/>
And yet.<br/>
<br/>
Engines burning at full power, weapons purposefully depowered and other non-essential subsystems momentarily disabled, the strike cruisers of the Blood Ravens flew above and below the incoming thrust of the enemy. A few particularly sharp-eyed gunnery crews, or in a handful of cases of the daemons inside the turrets on the broadsides, spied them. But before they could do more than a feeble volley or two, they had moved out of proper firing arcs and range, such was the speed demanded by the Chaos ships to close and get to grips with the enemy. As such, they soared through the void unhindered and untouched, until they began to reach their targets, at least. At the absolute rear sat the Hades-class Heavy Cruisers, known well in the records to be capable of terrible devastation at extreme range. Their reach was long and vicious, yet at the same time they had been left behind by the rest of the Black Legion – both to allow them to pick and choose their targets as they wished as well as ensure they could not interfere with the closest fighting. Point defenses began firing immediately, but by then it was too late, each strike cruiser striking as hammers into the enemy ships, spinning them slightly while their salvoes momentarily broke through void shields. Within seconds they would return, of course, but the shock was enough for boarding parties to get through.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=======================================================​</div><br/>
In a flash of discharged light and sound, they appeared. Metal and ropey rust-red flesh intermingled openly, making up the walls and floors equally, and therefore both crunched and squished as ceramite boots crushed downwards atop them. Lighting was poor, the winking red emergency lights which had been activated centuries ago as the Warp crept over the ship being the only mechanical source of it in the immediate area. No sooner had the space marines appeared than did pustules erupt to release screaming creations that were once servitors melded with daemons, doors twisting open like undulating esophagi being cut open to release hordes of mutants that had descended from the original crewmen. Some bore a semblance of flak armor, others were covered in chitinous plate, still others bone and scrap metal tied with dried intestines.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens opened fire immediately, bolters booming, directly into the horde.<br/>
<br/>
At the center of their formation, Tarkus, Captain of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, raised his voice as he accessed the vox which bounced its signals across all three enemy ships into the comm systems of his fellow Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
“Proceed to your targets, brothers, and advance!”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================​</div><br/>
Sergeant Stromahn’s fingers depressed the firing stud of his assault cannon the moment the auto-senses of his helmet detected non-friendly movement, before the light of the teleportation had even begun to properly fade. The rest of his fellow terminators did the same. An approaching target on the left was crushed into pulp with his power fist, and as the last contrails of energy faded from sight he was able to see that it had been some sort of mutated crewman who’d come at him with a rusty pipe. The one he’d fired at – that the assault cannon had torn apart – had wielded a far more dangerous plasma gun. One that had exploded violently, taking his target and those near him out at the same time. Fortuitous, that. Stromahn paused as Captain Tarkus spoke, then immediately moved on, battle brothers of the 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company appearing nearby as well.<br/>
<br/>
“Follow me, brothers, to victory,” he intoned calmly despite literal hell breaking loose around them as the ship itself came alive to defend itself from the invaders.<br/>
<br/>
It was all that needed to be said for all nearby Blood Ravens to assemble behind them before the small battle group advanced as one.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">============================================================​</div><br/>
<i>Glorious Repentance </i>was dead in the void. It bled atmosphere, metal, and bodies from dozens of wounds. A pair of torpedos had struck its strategium dead on, the first slaughtering the crew instantly, the second flooding the corridors of over a third of the ship in incendiary death. The anvil cracked and splintered, and more than a third of the Black Legion ships flooded through the opened gap. The Imperial Navy fought back, for that was all they could do, their backs up against the gravity reef preventing full maneuvering. Fighter craft swarmed out on both sides, clouds of gnats amidst titans of adamantium and warp-borne flesh alike. Bombing runs, dogfights, boarding rams and transports, the lives of hundreds ending beneath the attentions of those who commanded them in the first place. More gun batteries fired, some ships on both sides now able to turn sideways to present broadsides to more fully fill the emptiness of space with sound, light, and fury. Void shields rose, and void shields fell. Hulls cracked, weapon emplacements were blown apart, and crews ran back and forth to repair what they could. The <i>Litany of Fury</i>, once the flagship of Gabriel Angelos as the Captain of the 3<span style="vertical-align:super">rd​</span> Company, was not immune nor inviolable to the conflict.<br/>
<br/>
Its shields had fallen more than once from the sheer volume of fire levied upon it, of course. But this time, something was different. A codicier deep within the Librarium cried out as his portion of a great winding shield within the Immaterium was finally pierced through, unclean technology and daemonic will helping propel force through it. Though the sphere of ritual and psychic energies had repulsed multiple attempts, in this one instance, the gap was enough. A serf cried a warning on the strategium at the top of his lungs only a handful of seconds before a flash of light and noise that sent many other serfs to the ground bleeding from their eyes and ears burst into being. Stepping forth from the Warp strode none other than Chaos Space Marines, horns sprouting from their helmets, bodies noticeably mutated and bulked into deadlier forms, and accursed weaponry held in their hands. Sibilant whispering in languages unknowable by mortals drifted from their swords and bolters. An entire squad’s worth of traitor marines stepped into the Materium with only one purpose, one act on their minds.<br/>
<br/>
Instead, they met Apollo Diomedes.<br/>
<br/>
In half a heartbeat of a primary heart, two veterans of the Long War were dead, the power mace known as <i>Rogal’s Fist</i> crashing down in an overhead swing that obliterated the head and upper torso of one and then sweeping horizontally across the face of the second. The latter strike was not a complete one, the wind-up halved by the close distance, and yet it left only spatters of flash-vaporized gore and shattered fragments of ceramite flying. As the primary heart completed its pulse, a switched grip had the power mace thrust forward directly into the armpit of another marine up through and into the temple, leaving the body to only just barely begin collapsing. A free hand slammed the barrel of a bolt pistol directly into the hardened photolenses of a traitor marine’s helmet and fired once, putting a bolter round right through a bloodshot eye and into the brain within, the explosion turning all within the helmet into a slurry of organic matter and old cybernetics. As the traitor marine’s upper half twitched violently backwards, it took the bolt pistol with it, at which point Apollo’s hand flashed down and then up again with a combat knife that dug deep into the throat of another marine, stabbing and cutting with such violence as to decapitate the foe. Only then did the secondary heart complete its own pulse.<br/>
<br/>
At which point <i>Godsplitter</i> flew forward, slung in a single driving forward thrust without wobble or flipping, and struck one of the traitor marines in the groin, the explosion of its energy field turning the impact site into shrapnel of metal and bone and detaching the legs from the body entirely. The torso flew backwards into one of the traitors just as they’d begun to try and fire at their initial target, sending the bolter rounds into the ceiling instead. Apollo stepped forward quickly, slamming the power mace down through a power sword, shattering the blade, the hand holding it, and then the chest of the marine beneath. The twisted and malefic machine spirit of the armor, long warped by the acts and treatment of its bearer, ceased to be as the power mace pushed through the chest and out of the back. By then, the other traitors responded to the immediate threat, firing their bolters instead at Apollo rather than their initial target. Bolter rounds cracked against his breastplate and helmet, and still he advanced, one arm coming up to protect the photolenses of his helmet before swiping low with his power mace to kill the legless marine. One boot landed atop that of another traitor marine, preventing them from pulling out of range, and there his knife found his target through their chin and into their brains while <i>Rogal’s Fist</i> fell like a comet atop the head of another. Only then did the corpse of the traitor who had been shot through the eye fell backwards far enough for Apollo to reach back and pull his bolt pistol free and repeat his last act with it. To the traitor’s credit, they managed to get both of their hands around Apollo’s wrist before he could finish, posthuman strength straining against posthuman strength. At least until a finger squeeze sent multiple rounds through the photolenses and into the head within.<br/>
<br/>
In the time of less than ten seconds, a combined thousands of years of war experience were ended.<br/>
<br/>
Apollo breathed hard as he cleaned his wargear while Gabriel stepped forward and pulled <i>Godsplitter </i>free from the small crater in the deck it had made.<br/>
<br/>
“It seems that I shall require my terminator armor after all,” Gabriel said as he stepped back up to the command throne with a frown on his face.<br/>
<br/>
“Additional incursions reported,” a servitor slaved to the internal sensor cogitator bank stated calmly. “Honor Guard responding. Warning, an assault party is heading to bombardment cannon ammunition store A4.”<br/>
<br/>
“Apollo,” Gabriel barked.<br/>
<br/>
“Of course, Chapter Master,” Apollo bowed his head and sprinted into the depths of the ship on his lonesome towards another squad of the enemy.<br/>
<br/>
By then, the void shields had regenerated once more, though their generators were beginning to strain under the effort. For that moment, at least, there would be no more incursions just yet.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===============================================================​</div><br/>
Reactor-hearts pulsed and throbbed, metal and flesh twisted long ago by possession and transformation through the vagaries of the Immaterium acting with impunity. Until melta charges tore them apart, at least. Red and black armored space marines throttled the veins of the ships, cutting off systems one by one. Engines flickered and died, as did shields, and thus were the Hades cruisers attacked from without and within. Even as slivers of flesh began to creep back towards one another, the ships attempting to heal themselves in manners most unholy and aided by mass sacrifice of slaves and crew, the Blood Ravens were relentless. A target may have survived or regenerated after a squad had passed, but how many times could it do so? Twice? Thrice? How many more? Heavy flamers roared and assault cannons thundered, tearing and burning as they willed. Onslaughts of cultists and mutants and lesser daemon-things swept against the tightly packed space marines, howling their insane cries to their Dark Gods, and yet they died all the same for it.<br/>
<br/>
In the end, so too did their ships. Machine spirits, or daemons, it did not matter which, for they howled impotently all the same as their existence within the system came to an end. But by then, the Blood Ravens had already teleported back to their ships or boarded the thunderhawks that were only then able to approach due to the amount of destroyed point defenses that had kept them back beforehand. The strike cruisers left the drifting corpses behind, firing at them as they turned about to ensure as much damage as possible while adjusting to newly set courses. Complete destruction was no longer the goal, however, for the battle had continued elsewhere without them.<br/>
<br/>
For the <i>Illumination of the Emperor</i> had just been split in twain by the <i>Joyous Lament</i> and <i>Rex Magnifica</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================================================​</div><br/>
Both of the Avenger-class Grand Cruisers were gone, their value as little more than physical barriers that could easily be swept past by even the most incompetent of captains and crews.<br/>
<br/>
The <i>Litany of Fury</i> stood alone, a rock against the tide that flowed around and past it.<br/>
<br/>
Behind, the Imperial Navy was no longer of capable remaining as static as before, forced to maneuver in and out of optimal firing patterns due to the shoal of Chaos-held ships in and amongst their number. While the escort tonnage ships had suffered terribly at the hands of Imperial bombers, more than one Imperial cruiser was venting atmosphere from the blows they were taking. In the middle of it all, Admiral Graves continued to command his fleet with tireless focus. For behind them, in an act of incredible daring and danger both, the troop ships had skulked out of the gravity reef’s tunnel. They spread themselves out as close to the gravity reef as they dared, knowing that the merest protrusion of their hulls touching the anomalies might spell their doom and all they carried, yet maneuver they did. From within, the fire ships freed themselves, and with the <i>Litany</i> so embattled it fell to Graves to transmit the command codes to their servitor-slaved crews. So, too, did the vessel of Inquisitor Adrastia emerge, and immediately acted as a shield behind which the troop ships could retreat once more into the comparative safety of the gravity reef.<br/>
<br/>
On the <i>Litany</i>, however, matters were more dire. She had weathered the enemy for too long without relief, and despite the fact that a number of the Chaos ships had flown past to get to grips with the vessels of the Imperial Navy, some remained, their hate overriding tactical sense enough to have them concentrate solely on the ship before them. On the bridge of the <i>Litany</i>, Gabriel grimaced as twin impacts slammed into the battle barge’s frame as the <i>Joyous Lament </i>and <i>Rex Magnifica</i> crashed into it like wolves biting at a prey’s heel. Looming ominously above, the alpha predator to its lesser kin, the <i>Ruination of Purity </i>slowed to a stop. A single salvo from its bombardment weaponry, twisted mirrors that they were to the implements of the <i>Litany of Fury</i>, shattered the void shields once more. This time, however, there was no cough and whine from the generators as they sought to regenerate the shielding, but rather a metallic scream accompanied by the sparks, pops, and minor explosions that accompanied the components of too many generators overloading with fatal finality.<br/>
<br/>
“So…,” Gabriel bowed his head until it almost touched <i>Godsplitter</i>, the daemonhammer held firmly in his hands. “It begins.”<br/>
<br/>
“<b>BLLLLLOOOOOOOOD RAAAAAAAAVEEEEENS!!!” </b>Lord Mortirex bellowed across the general vox, his voice no doubt reaching from one end of the system to the other. “<b>Are you <i>prepared</i>, loyalist scum?! I have prayed to Khorne that you might provide at least one appreciable skull to pile before his throne, to Slaanesh that you inept children might possess some measure of skill enough to be worthy sport, to Nurgle that you survive us long enough to entertain us, and to Tzeentch that your porous toe-sized brains might actually conceive of plans capable of not faltering at the lightest puff of air!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Warp-tainted plasma projectors and ballistic projectiles turned even more of the point defenses on the <i>Litany of Fury </i>into smoking slag.<br/>
<br/>
“Warning, multiple enemy boarding craft incoming,” a servitor chimed in. “Dreadclaws and assault rams detected.”<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel scrutinized the actuality sphere in the center of the strategium, the holographic orb shrinking in its view to display the <i>Litany </i>at the center. Numerous jagged red arrows appeared, beginning from the Black Legion ships and terminating at several points across the battle barge. There was no longer any need to waste troops attempting to teleport, not when the psychic defenses of the Librarians prevented easy movement through the Immaterium. The <i>Litany of Fury</i> had sustained so much damage to its weapon systems and shield generators that they could be boarded with impunity. To his surprise, however, none of them were targeted specifically at the strategium, though they certainly were striking towards numerous strategic targets. A decapitation strike would have been easy, at this point. Unless…<br/>
<br/>
<b>“But worry not, Blood Ravens,”</b> Mortirex guffawed harshly, “<b>Even when you fail to exceed my lowest expectations, pathetic creatures that you are, your vessels shall serve well enough as trophies, at the absolute least!”</b><br/>
<br/>
Gabriel grit his teeth as the Chaos Lord announced his intentions. Tearing apart the strategium with the melta cutters of boarding craft would be counter-intuitive if he genuinely believed he could claim it.<br/>
<br/>
There was nothing for it, he knew, and so he activated his connection to the command vox channel.<br/>
<br/>
“Justinius,” he said gravely.<br/>
<br/>
“I know, Gabriel,” the Chief Librarian said curtly. “I have already departed the Librarium, as have numerous others. Some must remain behind to defend the Librarium, but the rest of us…shall fight.”<br/>
<br/>
“Very well,” Gabriel nodded, though he knew the Chief Librarian could not see it. “We shall hold our ground, here and now. There is nothing else we can do to affect the void battle. May None Find Us Wanting,” he intoned before stepping away from the command throne towards the doors.<br/>
<br/>
“May None Find Us Wanting,” Justinius echoed.<br/>
<br/>
Thus came into being a microcosm of old hatred and spurned bonds of brotherhood within an embattled vessel in fierce void combat, a dark and smudged mirror to titanic confrontations of the past.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================​</div><br/>
Pavus sneered as he and the rest of his squad stomped their way through the corridors. The symbols of the Corpse were everywhere, the lights were far too bright on their pallid and mutated frames, and it was all he could do to prevent not only his squad but himself from turning to deface all that they saw. That would come in time, surely, once they claimed the whole of the ship, but for the moment he despised the quiet screaming tinny little voice somewhere within him that was left…uncomfortable…by the sigils and regalia on display all around him. The serfs and combat servitors had provided little help, fleeing after a mere half of their number had been slaughtered. It wasn’t enough, not even close, to satisfy his hatred for the Imperium and its lackeys. But he was no Word Bearer to convert the blind idiots to the truth, no.<br/>
<br/>
His truth was delivered at the end of his bolter and on the edges of his growling chainsword, and the acceptance of that truth was signified by the enemy being <i>dead</i>.<br/>
<br/>
“Our target is up ahead,” he gnashed through his oversized incisors, his latest mutation inflicting upon him glorious shredding fangs capable of biting even through adamantium. “Ready yourselves.”<br/>
<br/>
“Why,” Peric sneered from behind him, his claw-arm snapping with his agitation. “All these Blood Ravens seem capable of is running away.”<br/>
<br/>
Snarling, Pavus whirled about and slammed the other marine up against the wall, pleasingly cracking an Imperial skull sigil on the wall with the force of it. He glared all five of his insectoid eyes into the photolenses of Peric’s helmet and into the bloodshot eyes beneath.<br/>
<br/>
“Because I’ll not be gutted by Lord Mortirex because the grox pups he stuck me with could not exercise basic tactical consideration,” he snarled, hooking his teeth upon the fool’s helmet and crunching down slightly.<br/>
<br/>
Not enough to kill, or to tear the helmet apart, but enough to peel it slightly with nothing more than his teeth. Peric had been a bur in his boots since the moment he’d arrived. It was obvious that he was attempting to jockey for Pavus’ position, and any weakness at all could be seized upon by any of the others in the squad. Unfortunately for Peric, Pavus had done the exact same thing to usurp command of the squad, and he was not about to let himself be overtaken by some centuries younger pup.<br/>
<br/>
“Now fall into line, Peric!” He slammed his fist into the side of Peric’s helmet before stepping away, all while making sure to keep himself pointed towards him.<br/>
<br/>
Peric growled back, and the rest of the squad slowed, hands and weapons twitching without outright pointing towards one or the other. This early on, it would be foolish to declare even a mockery of loyalty. Slowly the formed a circle facing inwards, stepping carelessly atop the bodies of fallen servitors that had attempted to trundle away from them without any sense of urgency.<br/>
<br/>
“Grox pup?! I’ve slaughtered thousands for the Dark Gods, I have fought for them for a thousand years!”<br/>
<br/>
Pavus laughed, the noise an ugly slurred sound through his sprouted fangs.<br/>
<br/>
“A thousand years of war are nothing, <i>child</i>, I have fought in Black Crusades!”<br/>
<br/>
Peric had had enough, as Pavus knew he would, and yet rather than leaping forward towards him, he remained where he was. Pavus had planned on gutting him mid-leap, yet as he attempted to strike the fool down with his chainsword, he realized the motor had stilled. When he tried to pull his gun, his armor refused to contribute itself to the action. In seconds, the rest of his squad had realized something was wrong, only to discover the effect had carried itself out across the rest of them. Soon enough, cursing and straining was heard from all of them as they attempted to move, to rise, to do anything at all. But they could not even move their heads, their helmets as locked into position as their armor.<br/>
<br/>
Then Zsask died, head disappearing into a small fountain of brackish gore and shattered adamantium.<br/>
<br/>
“What-,”<br/>
<br/>
On and on it went. They raged. They cursed. They roared. But Pavus could do nothing but watch as marine after marine fell, each with their heads utterly removed until it was only him and Peric left. By then, he had recognized the method of killing, the weapon by which they were being picked off. Someone was firing at them with a sniper rifle, and yet he could not even shift his gaze to search for the shooter.<br/>
<br/>
“Face me, coward!” Pavus howled aloud, shaking with anger in his own armor. “You wretched-,”<br/>
<br/>
And then Pavus of the Black Legion, and before that point the destroyed Scorpions of Wrath Chapter, died.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did Epistolary Rasmus sigh as the last of the traitors fell to the ground, racking his sniper rifle one more time. He had spent barely any time at all as a neophyte before joining the ranks of the Librarians, his trials focusing less on his capability with wargear and more on his mind and soul. Yet only now did he wonder how else he might have contributed to the efforts of the Chapter, what he might have achieved if he had not been born without the psyker mutation. Alas, he could not contemplate for long, sustaining a complete lockdown of ten separate sets of power armor had strained him more than he had thought, even with him firing the rifle as quickly as he could. As it was, he could hear further reports of contact elsewhere in the ship. But he had pierced the veil well enough to know that this position was not truly secure. More would come. First, he needed to dispose of the bodies, or at least move them out of sight. Personally, he disagreed with his Captain’s insistence that he separate from the rest of the Honor Guard to protect the flashpoints from his visions, but he was under orders. Everyone was spread out, after all. The <i>Litany of Fury</i> was a battle barge, and they were far too few.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================================================​</div><br/>
It was just like the tunnels.<br/>
<br/>
Only instead of being formed of crudely punched through rock or dusty abandoned Imperial architecture, it was the corridors of the <i>Litany </i>itself. No doubt the tech priests would howl when they came upon what he had done, but then the vast majority of them had gone to fight against xenos rather than traitors. Whether it was because he was even more familiar with the ship, or it was practice, anger, or desperation, he didn’t know. In the end, it didn’t matter. The enemy had come charging in, heedless of his concealed presence until it was too late. To their credit, the chaos space marines had reacted immediately as he’d begun, attempting to retreat, even pushing others down to ease their way, but it hadn’t been enough. Now the corridor was a nightmarish mishmash of barely Euclidian geometries.<br/>
<br/>
The walls, the floor, the ceiling itself had bent and twisted, forming spikes and blades, crushing and grasping in the form of momentarily molten tentacles of material. Some had been sheared into halves, others crushed long enough for thinner spikes to punch through photolenses or damaged rebreathers. Some had mutated so heavily as to have been forced to long ago disdain their helmets, and for them there was little they could to in order to survive. That was not to say that it had been easy, of course, as he’d fallen onto his knees and wept tears of blood as the nerves of his entire body were set aflame with the psychosomatic response towards his efforts. Yet he was alive to say it was worth it, and that would have to be enough.<br/>
<br/>
As such, Epistolary Idmon staggered to his feet and beheld the results of his actions.<br/>
<br/>
One squad of dead heretics, their bodies and body parts strewn about the corridor. It was to his surprise that one was somehow still alive, even with half of the wall melted around their body and forcibly melted into their flesh. Moving closer, he watched as the traitor spied him and immediately began trying to reach the grenade on their belt, their other arm having been twisted into organo-metallic abomination by his own actions. Before they could finish their act, he’d placed a plasma pistol into their head and fired twice.<br/>
<br/>
Idmon slumped slightly against the wall, breathing heavily.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================================​</div><br/>
More of them were coming. It felt like the enemy had poured an entire army into this. For all they knew, the enemy had done just that. There were reports across the ship of chaos space marines, small daemonic incursions, cultist swarms bearing weaponry spanning from regular lasguns to more esoteric and deadly things. More worrisome was the fact that there were reports of khornate berserkers, plague marines, and noise marines. For the warband to feature such diverse devotees meant that either a great deal had been promised and delivered or the sheer force of personality of Mortirex was enough to keep them in line and not killing each other. Likely both, and possibly some other thing as well. But he didn’t have the time or mind to spare anymore. Not right now. Not here.<br/>
<br/>
“Aeneas!” One cried as he remained back behind the hastily made barricades.<br/>
<br/>
Fifteen Lexicanum were with him, all of them having suffered painful wounds in the course of their defense. That none had died yet was solely attributed to the skill of Aeneas, despite the violence of the enemy. Many bore weapons they had never expected to need to wield themselves, many with plasma guns and even a few teams of two with heavy bolters. On the opposite side were hundreds of corpses. Scattered amongst them were a bare handful of chaos space marines. Behind them, however, rested the still thrumming main reactor for the <i>Litany of Fury</i>. It was, quite literally, the beating heart of the battle barge. Secondary and tertiary generators and reactors rested throughout the ship, but this was the grandest and most potent of them all. The enemy knew it, and the Blood Ravens knew that the knew it. To take this position was to take hold of the ship’s heart, either to safeguard it or to tear it out.<br/>
<br/>
“I’m fine, brother,” the Codicier lied as he straightened.<br/>
<br/>
He had been granted the honor, privilege, and responsibility of bearing none other than the blade of Azariah Moriah himself, he who had sealed the Great Unclean One Ulkair in the past. He refused to dishonor himself and the blade with failure.<br/>
<br/>
“There! See the scum!” Laughed a howling Khornate as they rounded the corridor, uncaring of the fusillade immediately levied upon him. “The reactor is ours, loyalists! We will wash your presence from it with your own blood!”<br/>
<br/>
And there were others behind him. Hulking cybernetic monstrosities bulked with Warp-aided mad science stood amongst other Khornates, as well as accursed mortals whose flak armor and helmets had been sewn into their skin. There were various other chaos space marines as well, all of them bearing chain and power weapons, some of them clearly well on their way into devolving into true berserkers.<br/>
<br/>
“Kill the ones that get past me,” Aeneas announced loudly and then gripped the Blade of the Martyr in a two-handed grip. “Emperor gird my soul, and may none find me wanting,” he whispered.<br/>
<br/>
Then he stepped forward through time, space, and out of the Materium.<br/>
<br/>
Immediately, the screaming began, the whispers, the taunts, the promises and lies thundering into his ears. The grasp of an infinity of idiot godlings tugging on his every cell, his every molecule, trying to tear him apart for the temerity of his unsanctioned and insulting method of passage. He had to look forward twice, mind struggling to overlay the images of one atop the other with accuracy. It was the most excruciating thing that he had ever experienced, every time. There was never a point where it seemed to get easier, only a matter of how well he could stay focused, how well-guarded his mind was, how well his soul rebuffed the attempts to devour it. Ordinarily, all that was required was a step forward, to push through the murky depths, and to reappear. Safer, as much as one could ever apply the term to teleportation.<br/>
<br/>
But there were too many for that. As such, he began moving forward, legs and arms pumping in only the vaguest recognition of the laws of physics that quite simply no longer fully applied.<br/>
<br/>
The foremost berserker was halfway through the word ‘skull’ when he was bisected from head to groin in a straight line while an expanding ripple of destructive energies pulsed outwards as Aeneas momentarily reappeared. He could have forced the normally destructive reaction of the Immaterium and Materium’s forced interaction into dissipating if he’d been teleporting amongst the ranks of his brothers. As he was not, he let it erupt freely. But before he could do more than flicker into sight for less than a second, he was gone again, moving on to the next. This time it was one of the abominations, this one thrice-skulled with the appearance of gross surgical ‘overimprovement’ by the mad mind of some heretic or another. Thick slabs of metal had been literally bolted into place with an industrial nail gun, and yet the sword passed through them as well.<br/>
<br/>
Then the next.<br/>
<br/>
And the one after that.<br/>
<br/>
“For-,”<br/>
<br/>
“Skull-,”<br/>
<br/>
“What-,”<br/>
<br/>
“MAIM-,”<br/>
<br/>
“KILL-,”<br/>
<br/>
“BURN!”<br/>
<br/>
Faster, faster, and faster still Aeneas moved. His body began to scream at him, signals and neurons firing confusedly as he began to occupy more locations in the space-time continuum than he should have near-simultaneously. Too much conflicting aural input in the Materium joined with the screams of the daemons of the Warp. His lungs began to twitch and burn as he burned more oxygen than he possessed, moving too quickly to even inhale safely. At one point he came face to face with himself as he plunged the Blade of the Martyr through a chaos space marine’s chest while his opposite was stabbing the marine through the head. He couldn’t tell if it was an afterimage or if he was, and never would know for certain. The strain grew further, and he grew slower. The enemy began reacting before he could act or fade away. Bolter shells skated across his armor, a chainaxe bit into a gauntlet, a grasping mass of spiked tentacles grasped and latched on to him, only for its bearer to scream as their mutated arm disappeared into the warp and was severed from them. His bolt pistol boomed again and again, rounds appearing amidst the carnage from seemingly nowhere and striking targets in trios.<br/>
<br/>
Meanwhile, the rest of his fellow Librarians had not been idle, firing into the morass with psychically guided shots. Though they were but Lexicanum, aided by their innate psyker abilities even bursts of the heavy bolter found purchase and fatal accuracy.<br/>
<br/>
It ended almost as soon as it began, forty seconds at most.<br/>
<br/>
Aeneas slipped out of the Warp as if emerging from a pool of sewage, each movement slow and jerky as he collapsed to his knees, gore splattered liberally across his body from psychic hood down to his boots. Blood-flecked bile spewed out of his mouth while steady streams of already thickening and coagulating blood poured out of his nose, his eyes, and his ears. His skull pounded with the pressures he’d subjected it to, his psychic hood crackling with the energies he’d forced through the device. Aeneas gasped and gagged until he could cough up everything that he needed to before shakily standing, forced to use the noble Blade of the Martyr as a crutch to help him manage it, even as he holstered his bolt pistol to wipe off the trails of increasingly dried blood. Every iota of his being screamed in agony from the forces it had been made to both enact and withstand.<br/>
<br/>
But it had been worth it, for the enemy were all dead.<br/>
<br/>
Ah, but he could hear it.<br/>
<br/>
More of them were coming.<br/>
<br/>
“Aeneas?!” A Lexicani cried aloud.<br/>
<br/>
He would never make Epistolary. To do so required skill and ability in a generalized spread to ensure adaptability for whatever Company they were assigned to, and Aeneas had already accepted his deficiencies in that direction. He would never possess the required potency in all that was demanded of an Epistolary, and so a Codicier he would remain. Never mind that he was the most skilled teleporter in the entire Chapter, save perhaps for the Chief Librarian himself, or that he could channel with a force sword with superlative skill. He was but a blade, much like the one he wielded. Specific and specialized. He would not ever be able to accomplish all that his fellow Librarians could, but he could at the least become the best possible at what few talents he did possess. The evidence of that lay all around him.<br/>
<br/>
Twenty-two dead chaos space marines, eight dead khornate berserkers, five ogryn-sized cybernetic abominations, all dead by his hand, the rest taken care of by the Lexicanum and the Epistolary behind him.<br/>
<br/>
It was an accomplishment worthy of song and story, of honors and engraving into steel and stone.<br/>
<br/>
But there was no time to consider it.<br/>
<br/>
“I’m fine, brother,” the Codicier lied as he straightened.<br/>
<br/>
He held the flat of the Blade of the Martyr up, gazing first upon the image of himself reflected upon its glowing surface and then to the enemy that marched into view. Immediate heavy bolter fire sent them into a brief retreat that lasted a bare second before a massive surge burst forward. He inhaled deeply through sickly lungs, and felt his twin hearts beat erratically in his chest. Interspersed throughout their number were chaos space marines, champions with control of entire groups through some method or another. Threat, fear, promises of future power, and more were likely. The cultist troopers were well equipped – too well equipped, with hellguns and plasma guns firing directly at him.<br/>
<br/>
“Kill the ones that get past me,” he shouted amidst the screaming of the heretics before his voice fell into a whisper. “Emperor gird my soul…and may none find me wanting.”<br/>
<br/>
Then Aeneas stepped forward, his adamantium boot not even hitting the ground before he flickered out of sight, out of reality itself if only for a moment.<br/>
<br/>
And the killing began anew.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================================================​</div><br/>
“Ah…there you are,” the sorcerer crowed as they walked into the training chapel. “One last prayer for salvation before I end you, hmm?”<br/>
<br/>
Justinius rose from where he’d knelt before a statue of the Emperor, summoning his staff to his hand as he turned about to face his foe. The Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens had an enormous cabal of Codiciers behind him, nearly the entire compliment save for one. Against him, the Black Legion sorcerer was followed dutifully by a large cadre of acolytes. Many of them bore the signs of psykers upon them, others had grasped the darkness of sorcery with both hands and souls wide open. They possessed other troops as well, guardians and slaves alike whose minds and souls had long ago been scoured clean of anything but obedience.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens were well out numbered.<br/>
<br/>
“Only through the destruction of the Emperor’s enemies may we earn our salvation,” Justinius said with deadly calm. “I knew you would seek me out, if only to see the one who had stymied your paltry attempts at accessing this vessel with your own eyes.”<br/>
<br/>
The sorcerer snarled, the daemon in their staff hissing in tandem with their irritation.<br/>
<br/>
“Paltry…!?” The sorcerer cut themselves off and slammed their staff down, corruptive powers rusting and bending the metal unnaturally around it. “Arrogant blind loyalist fool! I had thought to offer you a place at my side, where you could truly make use of your talents rather than slave away for the Corpse-On-Terra!”<br/>
<br/>
“Instead as a slave under <i>you</i>?” Justinius said with a raised eyebrow. “I think not.”<br/>
<br/>
“You…you…,” the sorcerer shuddered in anger, “KILL THEM!”<br/>
<br/>
Lightning flashed, columns of flame the size of tanks flew, whips of pure kinetic force snapped down, and Justinius Probalis walked forward through it all, the psychic light pouring from his eyes so bright as to obscure the rest of his face. The <i>Talonstaff of Jonah</i> slammed down, unleashing a wave of cleansing psychic power that washed over the forces of Chaos. The purity set warp-mutated flesh aflame, tainted wargear sputtered out as their machine spirits ever so briefly reasserted themselves, and many found themselves wholly blinded as their multitudes of eyes melted out of their sockets. The daemons bound within the sorcerer’s staff screamed as they were dissolved and dissipated. Then the physical shockwave that came in the wake of those purifying energies struck, bowling cultists and chaos space marines alike over.<br/>
<br/>
"Alas, poor creature, I cannot spare the time to truly chastise you," Justinius boomed. "I have had enough of your warping and cloying of the veil, the pall and fog you cast over our sight. It will end, here and now!"<br/>
<br/>
And then, hopefully, Justinius would figure out just why a chill had entered his blood.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=============================================================​</div><br/>
Gabriel moved as swiftly as he could, coordinating the defense as best he could despite jamming on the vox channels. A garbled call using Honor Guard codes had him moving as swiftly as possible towards the aft of the ship, joined on the way by none other than Apollo. The two of them had seen to the deaths of more than a few cultists boarders, yet they were pebbles before an ocean. The <i>Litany</i> was surrounded, a prize clutched at the center of the greater mass of the Chaos fleet as it advanced. There was no way for them to know how the void battle proceeded, not now, not with their systems so damaged and communication arrays deliberately targeted. All they could do now was attempt to defend their ship, but going by the reports that had passed between the Librarians they were facing a strong warband indeed, one that had focused itself solely for this purpose while letting other ships strike against the Imperial Navy.<br/>
<br/>
The two of them arrived at a gruesome scene.<br/>
<br/>
Over two dozen chaos space marines and dozens more cultists lay where they had been struck down but interspersed throughout their number were the distinct bodies of Blood Ravens. Or, at least, portions of them. Some had been killed so violently that more than half of their bodies had simply ceased to be discernable amongst the bodies. Chaplain Uther Volkoss’s upper torso lay slumped against a wall, having been slammed so heavily into it that his head and helmet had been crushed flat against the bulkhead. Falkor Ryll, the veteran apothecary, lay facedown in a pile of corpses of cultists that had hacked him to pieces, only the white of his armor giving him away. Only Epistolary Rasmus was missing, having been sent to coordinate with the rest of the Librarians across the ship.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel and Apollo came to a sudden halt as they beheld not just the carnage before them, but the ones behind it. Ten obliterators stood in eerie silence. In the past, every obliterator ever encountered had never ceased screaming in pain or rage as the obliterator virus endlessly mutated their bodies, twisting and forcing their appendages into various sorts of weapons. Yet while the crunching of shifting bone and spurting of twisting meat was audible, they were silent. All instead remained in compete deference to their leader, their master, having knelt in subservience without rising even as the two Blood Ravens arrived. Aside from their eyes flicking towards them and away, they were almost able to be mistaken for statues. It was to that master that Gabriel looked to now.<br/>
<br/>
By contrast to the obliterators, the behemothic space marine clad in black adamantium did not even deign to look in their direction. Three horns speared upwards from the left of their head, actual warp-borne bone rather than a portion of their helmet, punching out of the adamantium and ceramite and stabbing upwards. A thick cloak of chains fell from their shoulders, the metal itself rusted into near black from the sheer amount of blood spilled upon it for centuries and centuries. Their panoply was clearly customized to fit their frame, their body already nearly equaling that of terminator armor. Their legs had become amalgamations of armor and dark pulsating flesh covered in mutated chitin plates with clutching talons that scraped and peeled at the metal of the floor. A power axe befitting their size had been slammed into the ground blade-first, its power field a fell dark red that burned to look upon, three bloodshot eyes having grown along the upper haft of it. In one hand, they held Doukas Laskaris aloft, the Captain of the Honor Guard struggling to fight despite <i>Bloodtalon</i> laying broken in pieces beneath him along with his helmet.<br/>
<br/>
Yet as Gabriel and Apollo arrived, the chaos space marine reached up and casually closed a fist around Doukas’ head, crushing it to pulp in an instant.<br/>
<br/>
“NO!” Gabriel roared in tandem with Apollo.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did they turn their head to gaze upon them with eyes that quite literally burned with malefic light to the point of being outright flames that visible burned within the helmet.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“Blood Ravens</b>,” Lord Mortirex sneered. “<b>Mewling babes, crying out at the slightest inconvenience</b>,” he snorted as he tossed the still twitching corpse of Doukas over his shoulder in another expression of casual strength. “<b>I had thought to face <i>something</i> of worth in your malign line</b>,” he wrapped his fingers around his power axe and wrenched it free of the floor as he turned to face them more fully. “<b>But even your precious ‘Honor Guard’</b>,” he pitched his voice high in mockery, “<b>Was little more than a waste of time</b>!”<br/>
<br/>
“Traitorous scum,” Apollo growled.<br/>
<br/>
The Chaos Lord paused, head tilting slightly before he let out a laugh of genuine astonishment that had long grown rusted with disuse.<br/>
<br/>
<b>“’Traitorous scum’,”</b> Mortirex echoed with dark amusement, “<b>Is that the best you can do? <i>Really</i>? Pathetic.”</b><br/>
<br/>
“It is all that needs to be said, for that is all that you are,” Gabriel declared, <i>Godsplitter</i> raised in his grip.<br/>
<br/>
“<b>Hmph. Better, but in the end just as worthless as the rest of your kind</b>,” Mortirex chuckled. “<b>Araghast should have just killed you all rather than play games. But worry not,” </b>he hefted his axe into a two-handed grip as he stomped one foot down atop another Honor Guard’s chest, depressing deeply enough to get a squelch. <b>“I shall rectify his mistake and end your misbegotten lives here and now</b>!”<br/>
<br/>
Behind him, all ten of the obliterators rose to their feet, whirring in their ballistic mutations growing louder as the glows from their las-weaponry protrusions increased in intensity.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Chapter Master, Your Decision?</u><br/>
<i>Note: Success Is Not Guaranteed Either Way. This Is Merely A Choice Of What Is Initially Attempted.<br/>
Note Note: Moratorium For 12 Hours. </i><br/>
<br/>
[] Focus: Lord Mortirex may be one of the most dangerous foes Gabriel has ever encountered. Working with Apollo, however, it may just be possible to bring him down or at least force him to withdraw temporarily. The obliterators are a considerable threat, but not an insurmountable one with skill and luck.<br/>
[] Divide: Obliterators cannot be allowed to interfere with this. Ten of them could concentrate enough firepower to end Gabriel or Apollo in an instant. One of the pair must break away get into close range with them and hope that the one left behind can survive long enough without them.<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll  <br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss <br/>
3 Honor Guard<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)</b></div>
  </body>
</html>