<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Ten)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 26: Echoes Of Genocide (Part Ten)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><i>GM Note: This post was built from two temporary threadmarked posts to create a large proper turn post. Just for clarification. <br/>
Moratorium For 3 Hours.</i><br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Winning Votes</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[] Ask Questions, If Any+ making Justinius pull his weight<br/>
-[] "To which chapter do you and your marines belong? Your armor bears no Aquila nor any other identification, and your helmet is of an ancient design."<br/>
-[] "Why do these false Lions seek your death?"<br/>
-[] "They named you as traitors to the Imperium. Can this be dismissed as another of their lies?"<br/>
-[] "What were you doing outside the light of the Astronomicon in the first place?"<br/>
-[] "Who was it that gave the Suysh your information?"<br/>
-[] While this is going on, have Justinius attempt to pierce the veil and figure out who the False Scarlet Lions really are and the root cause of this hunt, as well as how they came to pretend to be Scarlet Lions<br/>
-[]1st priority: Chapter,<br/>
-[] 2nd priority: How they came to have the 8th companies flagship and pretend to be Scarlet Lions.<br/>
-[] 3rd priority: Reason for hunting Unknowns<br/>
<br/>
[] Further Questions<br/>
-[] "Our Chapter has suffered enough from secrecy. No more. Whatever harm this knowledge would bring us, we will bear it. And none shall find us wanting."<br/>
-[] Ask Force Commander Bartorius what does he think of all this.<br/>
<br/>
[] Pull Back And Surround, Let Scarlet Lions Take Front Positions, Blood Ravens Behind And On Flanks<br/>
[] Orders for Hadrian and Chapter Fleet?<br/>
-[] Take defensive positions and continue to hail the approaching fleet<br/>
-[] Inform them that we are conducting exterminatus against a xenos race presenting a direct threat to the Imperium, and also have brothers planetside rescuing the crews of two downed Strike Cruisers</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>Echoes of Genocide<br/>
+065.M42+ To +070.M42+<br/>
<i>+Through The Foe's Obliteration Do We Earn Salvation+</i></b>​</div><br/>
Gabriel glared at Dumah, who seemed perfectly at ease despite the possibility of his impending death and the destruction of his battle brothers. A timer had appeared unseen by all his bionic eye, one provided by the best possible estimations of Captain Crixus at the pace of the false lions he accompanied. Was it feigned, or genuinely truthful that he was uncaring? Already, Dumah had alluded that if he would not be lying, then he would at the very least not be wholly truthful. Yet Gabriel could not deny his interest. At the very least, he felt far more secure with Justinius and Hannibal present, brothers who he trusted to be capable of pulling him out of the depths of information hunger more than any other present. It was an affliction he had rarely ever suffered in his time, but Gabriel had seen those who had fallen to it. The traitor and once-friend he had known as Isador was the most recent of those, and so Gabriel had become intensely vigilant of his own thoughts and impulses, lest he ever falter so.<br/>
<br/>
"You are quite at ease for one in such a position," Hannibal said with rumbling suspicion, breaking the Chapter Master from his musings.<br/>
<br/>
Dumah raises an eyebrow at him, his amusement fading for a brief second.<br/>
<br/>
"And They Shall Know No Fear," he intoned with extreme graveness. "The words of Him-On-Terra. Come now, chaplain, surely you know them?"<br/>
<br/>
"Of course," Hannibal growled.<br/>
<br/>
"If occurs to me, Dumah," Gabriel said calmly, fingers firmly gripped around the shaft of <i>Godsplitter</i>. "That we gave our names, our chapters, and yet you did not do the same."<br/>
<br/>
At that, the unknown marine sighed.<br/>
<br/>
"True enough."<br/>
<br/>
"Then I would ask my questions," Gabriel continued. "Firstly, I know not what Chapter you belong to, if any. You bear no aquila, your wargear is of ancient design. Yet, at the same time, these false Lions desire your death above all else, including their own lives and their ship. I would know why."<br/>
<br/>
Dumah nodded with great seriousness, almost mockingly so, at Gabriel's words. Behind him, another subsystem of the crashed strike cruiser erupted, sending a plume of flame and smoke into high into the air. A small shockwave boomed outwards from the ship, knocking a significant amount of snow off of the trees. None of the space marines present except for Martellus twitched, and even that reaction was kept to a grinding twist to one of his mechadendrites. Justinius, on the other hand, had closed his eyes entirely after receiving a silent message through the twitching of Angelos' fingers at one point. Said message had led to another, this broadcast purely in the mind, Gabriel temporarily relaxing his mind enough for Justinius to wrest the words meant for him and him alone. Now the Chief Librarian cast his senses to the west, quietly summoning forth his power.<br/>
<br/>
"The latter, I couldn't possibly tell you, Chapter Master Angelos," he eventually said, fingers absentmindedly tapping out a pattern on the hilt of his power sword. "It could be any manner of things, we have made many enemies in the course of our exile."<br/>
<br/>
It was the last word that Hannibal seized upon, the fire of his gaze practically penetrating through his helmet.<br/>
<br/>
"Exile?" He growled even deeper than before.<br/>
<br/>
"Penitence," Dumah acknowledged with another grim smile. "But it is a punishment we accept willingly."<br/>
<br/>
"And yet again, you do not give the name of your Chapter," Gabriel said. "Your avoidance tests me, and gives credence to the words of liars that you are traitors to the Imperium-,"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Composure Check: 27</b><br/>
<br/>
Dumah raised a hand to interrupt, allowing the faintest glimpse at the worn but well-maintained armor within his cloak. His expression was completely level.<br/>
<br/>
"Whatever else I say here on this day, know this, Gabriel Angelos of the Blood Ravens," he said firmly. "We are loyal to the Imperium. That, above all else, is true."<br/>
<br/>
There was a minute shifting amongst the Scarlet Lions, hundreds of marines moving ever so slightly for some reason or another. Unlike his own battle brothers, Gabriel had no access at all to the Scarlet Lion private vox channels.<br/>
<br/>
"Loyal, you say, but you are far beyond the light of of the Astronomicon," Gabriel countered, "Far beyond from Him-On-Terra."<br/>
<br/>
A snort was the response.<br/>
<br/>
"Our duty has carried us far, but it is the way of things. You are here yourself, are you not? Surely you are not traitors yourselves?" Dumah shot back, bemused.<br/>
<br/>
There was an immense amount of barely stifled outrage amongst the Blood Ravens. But then Dumah could not have known that he was targeting a terribly deep-seated issue. To accuse any loyal space marine of being a traitor was insult enough, but it was worse for the Blood Ravens, who knew for a fact that in the all too close past it had at least partially been the truth. Gabriel did not miss how despite Dumah's perpetual bemusement, his stance had shifted ever so slightly as dozens of Blood Ravens gripped their bolters and chainswords that much more tightly.<br/>
<br/>
"No," Gabriel managed to grit out between grinding teeth. "We are not. <i>Our </i>loyalty is not in question."<br/>
<br/>
"Of course, of course. We are the potential renegades, after all," Dumah nodded firmly. "I suspect that few in the Imperium are even aware of <i>any </i>nomad predation fleet, let alone ours."<br/>
<br/>
<b>Chief Librarian: 84</b><br/>
<br/>
"The Carcharodons," Justinius murmured with his eyes still closed. "A mysterious chapter that emerged in recent history only within the Badab War, which quickly retreated back into the void after its conclusion. Universally described as particularly...vicious."<br/>
<br/>
At that, Dumah let loose a rough bark of a laugh, hands going to his hips.<br/>
<br/>
"So the Sharks crept out from the darkness into the light, eh? They must have been <i>desperate</i> for a tithing. Were the Fangs there too?"<br/>
<br/>
"No," Justinius answered back faintly before blinking and turning to Gabriel in utter confusion. "Akermian genuinely thinks of himself as a Scarlet Lion. He was delivered the ship by the Interrogator-Chaplain Luiz Ulrecht, who has accompanied him since. But the Scarlet Lions of his mind are nothing like the true Scarlet Lions. He believe this hunt, this chance to...do <i>something </i>is more important than anything else. More than that, I cannot say, his mind and that of this supposed chaplain are tightly locked and bound. To push further could possibly give them cause to turn on our brothers."<br/>
<br/>
"Interesting," Dumah murmured before chuckling. "If he thinks that we are the last of our fleet, he will be sorely mistaken when the rest of our ships arrive in the system."<br/>
<br/>
The cold forest around them was beginning to heat, alien trees and flora rustling uncertainly as the arrival of so many brought heat and movement to a land that had been largely without it for quite some time. High above, the remainder of the Suysh orbital stations shattered into fragments that burned up in the atmosphere for the most part. Occasionally, and only with the finely engineered and trained senses of a space marine, could one feel the subtle trembles and vibrations in the earth that came far from the south. If the bombardment continued at current levels, it was possible the entire continental plate would fracture and force a gulf of boiling waters between the different sections of the continent proper.<br/>
<br/>
"You still have not said who you gave the information from your cogitators to the Suysh, granting them the knowledge of the Imperium," Gabriel reminded him.<br/>
<br/>
Dumah's face darkened.<br/>
<br/>
"Ones who sought to harm the Imperium, and destroyed one of our way stations to do so. Had we protected it better, the Suysh would have consumed themselves sooner or later, and our fleet would not have needed to destroy them at all," he growled.<br/>
<br/>
"But who <i>were </i>they," Gabriel insisted.<br/>
<br/>
"Ones willing to consort with the xeno in their cause to bring harm to the Imperium, Chapter Master."<br/>
<br/>
A small blip appeared in Gabriel's bionic eye, an update from Captain Crixus. Akermian had sent his speeders ahead. Their time was growing shorter.<br/>
<br/>
"And yet through <i>all </i>of this, you could have lied or obfuscated. Is <i>any </i>of what you've said thus far true?"<br/>
<br/>
"Of course," Dumah answered without saying anymore.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>Why </i>must you act like this," Gabriel finally growled at him, his bionics in his chest adding a metallic thunder to his voice.<br/>
<br/>
"If you kill me, I can accept that," Dumah shrugged in his armor. "Our ships will be here to reclaim our bodies soon enough if necessary, alive or dead. As to why? To protect you. Ignorance is a powerful shield, Blood Raven, one I offer to you freely. To know more could bring harm to you."<br/>
<br/>
He then shook his head.<br/>
<br/>
"And I would not want that to happen to any loyal sons of the Imperium, not if I can avoid it."<br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
==================================================​</div><br/>
Gabriel thought for a moment. The Blood Ravens were a Chapter of secrets. Some would say too many. Even now, no matter the entreaty, Davian Thule would not speak of what he had discovered on Kronus, and with the civil war fought throughout Subsector Aurelia, he was the last of the Blood Ravens from that campaign that had been granted access to the relics there at all. He was no Librarian, and yet he knew some scant amount of information once whispered to him by Isador before his old friend succumbed to Chaos. There was knowledge there, he knew, which could be considered tainted by some. Yet it was that same knowledge which had proved capable of aiding the Blood Ravens many times before in the destruction of their enemies. Some of the rituals that even the Chief Librarian used were formulated using the incredible amounts of esoteric knowledge collected over the course of the Chapter's history. Then there were the Chapter's words, ones that still held even now, despite it all. 'Knowledge is Power, Guard it Well'.<br/>
<br/>
"Our Chapter has suffered enough from secrecy," he eventually said, turning his head towards Justinius who simply crossed his arms. "No more. Whatever harm this knowledge would bring us, we will bear it. And none shall find us wanting."<br/>
<br/>
Dumah's eyebrows drew down pensively, and his lips quirking into sad and pitying look.<br/>
<br/>
"I had hoped otherwise, but very well. Perhaps...you will fare better than others in the past who thought the same," he spoke slowly, shaking his head all the while before locking eyes with Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, with deliberate care, Dumah pulled at the cloak which concealed much of his armor to reveal that there truly existed no Imperial Aquila upon the chest. In fact, there were no identifying points of heraldry whatsoever, no customized etchings or scrollwork, no ornamentation whatsoever besides the utter basic form of a suit of power armor. With the rest of the armor revealed, almost all present recognized the Mk-II or 'Crusade Armor' that he wore. Extremely worn, but still fully functional with no issue beyond the cosmetic. It was rare to see, and even personally speaking Gabriel had only ever seen such armor born by particularly ancient space marines that had fallen to Chaos.<br/>
<br/>
"Tell me, Gabriel Angelos, how many Primarchs were there?" Dumah then said, eyebrow raised.<br/>
<br/>
The non sequitur caught the Chapter Master off guard.<br/>
<br/>
"What?"<br/>
<br/>
"A simple question," Dumah said, letting the cloak fall back into place. "How many? Do you know?"<br/>
<br/>
To the vast majority of the citizenry of the Imperium, such a question could be understood. Many did not even know that the Daemon Primarchs ever existed, that they were ever brothers to those who had remained loyal. Those that knew even that much often knew not of those whose names had been lost to time and fate. But such could not be said of the space marines, of whom almost all could trace their genealogy to one of those mythical beings who had once walked amongst the Imperium in a better age. Space marines learned the bitter lessons of the Primarch like no one else could possibly understand, not even the Inquisition, for who could feel more keenly the betrayal and loss of fellow space marines than the true and loyal astartes? Furthermore, to ask the Blood Ravens, who hoarded knowledge in their desperate search for their own past? Absurd. Of course he knew. Every Blood Raven, Librarian or otherwise, knew. There were sermons from chaplains recorded in the histories for each and every traitorous gene-wrought son of the Emperor, lessons to be taught on each.<br/>
<br/>
"Twenty," Gabriel ground out, rolling his organic eye, "You try my patience once more, and the longer you-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Wrong," Dumah interrupted with a curt shake of his head before pursing his lips and giving a reluctant nod. "And right."<br/>
<br/>
A great many space marines blinked within their helmets. Even Bartorius and the Scarlet Lions, all of whom were beginning to subtly tremble with anger and anticipation for the arrival of the false Lions, paused ever so briefly at the ludicrous words that had come from the one who stood before them all.<br/>
<br/>
"...what?"<br/>
<br/>
"There were twenty <i>one</i>," Dumah spoke softly, carefully, as if the sentence itself were incredibly fragile and to even breathe wrong could somehow destroy it. "A twin. A brother, even closer than any other could possibly be. One soul, two bodies, was what some thought. Twenty one, or twenty, both are right in certain senses."<br/>
<br/>
The Chief Librarian uncrossed his arms, one grabbing almost violently at his force staff where it had temporarily been impaled in the ground.<br/>
<br/>
"You lie," Justinius said incredulously, his expression thunderous. "There were but twenty Primarchs made by the Emperor."<br/>
<br/>
"That is what you <i>know,</i>" Dumah replied, "But what one knows and what <i>is </i>may not be the same thing."<br/>
<br/>
The sound of clenching ceramite drew Gabriel's gaze to his left, where the Scarlet Lions stood.<br/>
<br/>
"Bartorius," he said, "What do you think of all this?"<br/>
<br/>
The still helmeted Bartorius whipped his head towards Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
"This exchange of words doth be absurd," he growled, the snarl evident in his voice. "An unheard of primarch? Forsooth, where pray tell was this new legion in the Horus Heresy then, hmm?"<br/>
<br/>
"Not new, not then," Dumah contested. "But we escape the point, and while I enjoy such wordplay. You demanded one of the most dangerous answers in the galaxy, and you shall have it. Relay unto me the name of the Twentieth oh Librarian who knows so much," he then demanded of Justinius.<br/>
<br/>
To even invoke the name of one of the Traitor Primarchs was to take a vileness into the soul, the absolute truth that those who should have been most true to the Emperor had failed in the worst possible way. A stinging pain especially for those of the Blood Ravens. Yet the answers were so tantalizingly close, and so Justinius answered with only a second of hesitation.<br/>
<br/>
"...Alpharius Omegon," he stated stoically.<br/>
<br/>
"Wrong," Dumah interjected again before pausing. "And also right."<br/>
<br/>
"The longer you delay, the closer the false lions get, and I suspect there will be little time for your word games <i>then, </i>Dumah," Gabriel grunted.<br/>
<br/>
Dumah nodded, and if he were not a space marine then it could almost be described as sheepish.<br/>
<br/>
"The Twentieth's name was indeed Alpharius. His <i>twin </i>was Omegon."<br/>
<br/>
And for just a brief moment, Gabriel Angelos felt the world fall out from beneath his feet. Instantly, his mind rebelled against the concept. A lie, surely. But the Alpha Legion was notorious, known even, for their absolute mastery of secrets and information, of subterfuge in the extreme. Enough to hide the existence of another living Primarch entirely? From the entire galaxy? But at the same time, even the records of the Blood Ravens could contradict one another, the information gained different depending on the source. But to wrap his mind around the existence of another Primarch was something he had never expected to have to manage. Tactically, his mind sought out the possibilities, but the rest of his mind struggled under the weight of what could be truth. If it were a lie, he would crush Dumah's body himself. But...if it were true...what was one even supposed to <i>do </i>with such knowledge?<br/>
<br/>
"And the reason why it is so absolutely dangerous for you to even know that much, is because there are forces aligned against the very existence of such knowledge, both within the Imperium and outside of it," Dumah continued. "To even <i>speak </i>of it is to invite their attention. And they are <i>everywhere,</i>" he hissed. "Many do not even know that they serve such a cause."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel just stared at him. The ever present crackle of psychic energies about Justinius dimmed. The noosphere connected mechadendrites of Martellus had gone slightly limp.<br/>
<br/>
"If they suspect you have even the slightest amount of knowledge of us, they will pursue you with all of their power. Sabotage, infiltration, theft, assassination, all this and more."<br/>
<br/>
"So...what," Hannibal cried out in disbelief. "You are some members of a lost and dogged Legion, scattered to the winds, and you expect us to believe this?"<br/>
<br/>
"I-," He began, eyebrow raised before turning his head to the west.<br/>
<br/>
In truth, all those present did, for every space marine present could hear the familiar whine of speeder engines on the winds.<br/>
<br/>
"If I might make a suggestion?" Dumah then started again, his face cast in seriousness once more. "Let these False Lions close enough, and we shall see what we may all glean from them."<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius stepped forward, hand cutting outwards.<br/>
<br/>
"Nay, and deny ourselves our vengeance?! I aim to tearest yon helm of this 'Master Akermian' off and look him in the eyes as I doth strangle the misbegotten life out of him!"<br/>
<br/>
"I am sure you will do so, brother," Dumah spoke quickly, "And at that point we might <i>all </i>fall upon them once our thirst for answers is quenched. Pull your forces back, surround us, but let them think their vengeance is at hand."<br/>
<br/>
He then returned his helmet upon his head, draping the hood over it once more.<br/>
<br/>
"Unless, of course, you have no taste at all for such things," he added before edging back towards his own troops.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel's mind whirled, and from the looks of Bartorius glancing towards the west and then towards Dumah, his was as well. But in this case, it was the Scarlet Lion that came to his conclusion first. A burst of private channeled communications and Gabriel watched as the Scarlet Lions forcibly pulled back slightly just out of range of Dumah's turrets, some of them requiring other Scarlet Lions to help them do so rather than simply scream in rage.<br/>
<br/>
"Know this," Bartorius called aloud, "<i>No one </i>but I may confront Akermian!"<br/>
<br/>
Just then, the vox crackled to life, its transmission coming from orbit.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master," came the voice of Captain Hadrian, "A new fleet has just jumped out of the warp at the edge of the system! Two battle barges and twelve strike cruisers, as well as attendant escorts! They have not yet identified themselves! Your orders?"<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=========================================================================================================​</div><br/>
<b>The Passions of Lions 68</b><br/>
<br/>
Over a hundred space marines and assorted armored support was not the quietest force in the history of the galaxy, especially when they were making essentially no effort at all for stealth. The whole of their travel had been at a pace that was punishing even for an astartes, to the point that the Blood Raven dreadnoughts had fallen behind the formation out of sheer lack of ability to move as quickly as the False Lions desired. This wasn't the worst thing, in Marcus' eyes, as he had grown increasingly certain that things would be coming to a violent end one way or another. There was no way to easily communicate with the Chapter Master in total stealth, as he had sighted more two different tech marines bearing the colors of the Scarlet Lions that followed Akermian. They had, more than once, mentioned that they were monitoring the signals surrounding the crash site they were heading towards. When he had sent his erstwhile communique to the Chapter Master, they had approached him with questions, but they could not deny that he was simply wishing to know the status of much of his Chapter's leadership. But ignoring the thumping of power armor, the rumble of tanks, the whizzing scream of speeders, it was quiet. The False Lions did not speak to the Blood Ravens, and vice versa. There was a great deal of tension amongst them all, for various reasons.<br/>
<br/>
All of it soon to come to a head. The minute that Akermian announced that his speeders had made contact with the Blood Ravens once more, the tension only grew further. Flickering targeting reticles bloomed into being across the rest of the 1st Company. They did not dare make full target locks, but nevertheless Marcus could see through his command helm that some of the veterans were ghosting their eyes across the sides and backs of the False Lions without a single twitch of their weaponry. Some within the Chapter might have found it it dishonorable to even consider how one might take down column of astartes in anything but honorable combat face to face. But for those who had been able to become veterans, much less reach the vaunted status of the 1st Company, it was simply a matter of course. The ones before them had ensured the deaths of fellow Blood Ravens, had stolen the name and colors of another Chapter entirely, and had proven themselves treacherous in the extreme. The closer they got, the more smoke there was in the air, drifting west from the wreck of the shattered strike cruiser. There was a large forest ahead, or at least a considerable copse of it that the space marines had to pass through, casually battering aside or crushing the old frozen vegetation in their way. The snowfall around the area had only grown thicker, the to the point that even terminators were up to their waists in the stuff. It was little surprise that the quashi-reptilian and insectoid nature of the Suysh prevented them from inhabiting this area of their planet with any concentration. Within minutes, they found a raised hill, the still smoldering wreck behind them an orange and oily black backdrop framing them. Though they possessed no banner, these were most certainly unknown to Marcus.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Like The Red Grasses of Lemnos 86<br/>
Chief Librarian 73</b><br/>
<br/>
Surrounding the hill, at least on one side, were the Blood Ravens of the 2nd Company and much of the Chapter leadership. Marcus personally saw the grim face of Chapter Master Angelos give him the slightest of nods before his gaze turned on the False Lions. Marcus had wondered in the silence of the march up until this point how the matter between the Scarlet Lions and the False Lions would be resolved. Yet despite his expectations for immediate violence, he sighted no Scarlet Lions at all. In fact, he could not even register their presence at all amongst the Blood Ravens, though they remained flanking the arriving False Lions. It was, to be frank, stunning. Yet no sooner than the thought had entered his head than a small blip appeared on the edge of his vision, one not registered by his helmet's sophisticated detection systems at all. It passed in a single second before disappearing entirely, and Marcus could not shake the feeling that it had appeared to him and him alone. But a single second was all a space marine needed to know, to analyze, and so the sight of a raven concealing the glowing red heat of its chest led him to remark on the lack of visible Scarlet Lions not at all.<br/>
<br/>
Akermian, however, seemed not to care. In truth, as far as Marcus knew, their ship had gone down before they could even register the ships of the Scarlet Lions hidden amidst the rest of the Blood Raven fleet. The so-called Master of the 2nd Company practically stomped his way up to the Chapter Master. His silent chaplain remained with the rest of the False Lions, as did the techmarines. Thankfully, the False Lions had possessed no Librarian, so there had been at least that much security for his thoughts.<br/>
<br/>
"Why have you not engaged the enemy, Blood Raven?" Akermian snarled.<br/>
<br/>
Marcus watched, his grip tightening around <i>Wisdom </i>as the Chapter Master looked Akermian square in the eye with no expression on his face.<br/>
<br/>
"Because they are <i>your </i>enemies. There they lay, Master Akermian," Angelos gestured out with his hammer towards the waiting hill.<br/>
<br/>
Though he was helmeted and hooded, Marcus could swear he could sense the marine glaring out from within his helm.<br/>
<br/>
"Did you speak to them?" He asked angrily. "Did you listen to their falsehoods?!"<br/>
<br/>
"I accept less and nothing from their words," the Chapter Master answered back, one eyebrow raising. "I have heard the lies of traitors before."<br/>
<br/>
"You would do well to not listen to their lies, Angelos, they are traitors and heretics besides," he growled, shoving his way back to the rest of the False Lions. "Ephaltes!" He called out to the chaplain who had spent his entire time caressing the rosary beads around his neck. "Are our brothers ready?"<br/>
<br/>
"Of course, Master Akermian," was the sibilant response.<br/>
<br/>
"Very well!" Akermian whirled about, unsheathing the power sword at his side as he marched forward slightly. "Know this, traitors! The true sons of the Emperor have come to punish you, to force you to <i>repent</i>!"<br/>
<br/>
It was at that point that one of the unknown marines called back, to the great surprise of Marcus.<br/>
<br/>
"I have been doing that for a long time, boy!" Called a marine whose lack of heraldry was utterly exposed, leaning forward casually against a scrap metal barricade. "I doubt you will make me more inclined to do so more than I'm already doing!"<br/>
<br/>
The response seemed to catch Akermian off-guard, but in his fury he rallied quickly.<br/>
<br/>
"You are as insane as the rest of your ilk, Dumah. You led us on quite the hunt, but you have failed! In the name of the Lion, I, Akermian, will drag you to the Rock <i>myself</i>!" Akermian roared, brandishing his blade.<br/>
<br/>
At that, the so-named Dumah laughed uproariously. Marcus could not stop himself from looking at the Chapter Master, who if anything seemed grimly resigned to whatever was happening.<br/>
<br/>
"Is that what you think I am?" He cocked his head ever so slightly. "No. That is what you <i>must </i>think I am. Well come on then, oh <i>lion</i>," Dumah drawled the word as he straightened and walked around the side of the barricade. "Come and get me!"<br/>
<br/>
Akermian snarled again before turning to look at Angelos.<br/>
<br/>
"Come, Blood Ravens, let us punish these heretics!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Paranoid Techmarines 56</b><br/>
<br/>
He then turned back towards Dumah and began to stride confidently forward as the rest of the False Lions began to marshal behind him. Even the rest of the Blood Ravens began to move, though Marcus noted they were remaining just at the flanks. Yet, it was a very specific kind of flank, Marcus realized in a flash, for the flanking formations and positioning thus required - at least in the Codex - that there be a strong central force to be aided by said flanking forces. It was possible to think they were doing so for the column of Akermian's forces, but something about the exact positioning spoke to something else entirely. No sooner had he come to that conclusion, from first thought to conclusion taking him but a handful of seconds, than had the Chief Librarian snapped his fingers and the slightest of veils was removed from his eyes. The high piled snow did not disappear, but shapes that had been present before yet went unnoticed abruptly regained the slightest of distinctive outlines.<br/>
<br/>
It was at that point that three hundred roaring Scarlet Lions erupted from the snows, Force Commander Bartorius practically nose to nose with Master Akermian.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Bartorius Surprise 72 vs. 24</b><br/>
<br/>
"Greetings...<i>brother,</i>" Bartorius growled deeply while somehow simultaneously yelling, one hand flying forward to clamp around Akermian's own, squeezing tightly enough to ensure that the power sword would not be moving.<br/>
<br/>
The other slammed onto the front of Akermian's helmet, and then with a wrenching of ceramite and the shattering of lenses as two fingers punctured them, Bartorius ripped Akermian's helm clean off of his head and threw it to the side. The Scarlet Lions brandished bolters and blades aplenty, while the Blood Ravens had turned about and squarely pointed their weapons at the False Lions. Marcus noted without losing focus that he had received target lock confirmations from the honored dreadnoughts of his company. Yet not a single bolter was fired as Bartorius recoiled in shock, eyes wide as he stared at the one known as Akermian. Massive scars covered the man's head, though nothing compared to what the phosphex had left of Marcus' own, with a great gleam of bionics around the totality of his throat. But few could mistake the utter confusion in Bartorius' voice, even whispered as they were.<br/>
<br/>
"Brother-Captain Notos?"<br/>
<br/>
At his words, a great many of the Scarlet Lions halted in confusion.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Akermian? Surprise 28 vs. 84</b><br/>
<br/>
Akermian grit his teeth and violently threw Bartorius backwards with an incredible display of strength with one arm, the other which bore his power sword flying upwards to score deeply into the Force Commander's chest armor. It was deep enough to penetrate the ceramite fully, leaving a small spray of blood to freeze almost immediately upon reaching open air. Yet that was all, for Akermian too appeared shocked as he stared out at the marines in between him and his original quarry. That they all bore the same colors as he, if not with the hoods and cloaks, seemed to stun him momentarily.<br/>
<br/>
"What is this?!" He bellowed, eyes moving between Dumah and Bartorius. "What...what trickery is this?!"<br/>
<br/>
"I, Bartorius, shalt say the same pon you villain, for that be the face of honored Brother-Captain Notos, who fell at Armageddon!" Bartorius bellowed back. "Not satisfied enough to steal our colors, our name, our words, but the very <i>faces </i>of our slain brothers?!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fellowship of Lions 90</b><br/>
<br/>
Akermian <i>stumbled</i>, clutching at his head with his free hand. The rage that had infused his expression became mired with bewilderment.<br/>
<br/>
"I...you...Bartorius?"<br/>
<br/>
"Akermian, focus!" Ephaltes called out, raising his crozius high, the power field behind it sparking brightly. "The traitors!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Fellowship of ?Lions? 64</b><br/>
<br/>
But Akermian simply clutched harder at his head.<br/>
<br/>
"What is...<i>happening</i> to me!?" He finally screamed.<br/>
<br/>
The supposed chaplain-interrogator of the False Lions approached him and clapped a hand to Akermian's shoulder as he grimaced.<br/>
<br/>
"Remember who you are, Akermian! You are Master of the 2nd Company!"<br/>
<br/>
"He holds no such position within mine chapter," Bartorius growled.<br/>
<br/>
Out of the corner of his eye, Marcus watched as the rest of the Blood Ravens began to form up on them.<br/>
<br/>
"It seems your puppet might be a bit confused," Dumah called out sardonically, and Marcus noted he was pointing his own power sword at Ephaltes. "Your ploy has failed."<br/>
<br/>
Ephaltes slowly reached up to grasp one of the black pearls on his rosary before tearing it away with a growl.<br/>
<br/>
"Perhaps," he nodded. "Perhaps not."<br/>
<br/>
Then he clenched his fist around the pearl and threw it upwards just as Dumah shouted in surprise, whereupon it emitted a very specific burst of auditory and visual signals. Marcus could hear several of the noises on registers that only a space marine could hear, the colors and patterns similarly just beyond the immediate abilities of mundane humanity. Dumah's shout had not yet even finished before a great number of the Scarlet Lions appeared to freeze in place. Not all of them, but there were members of each of the three present Scarlet Lion companies who seemed strangely affected by whatever had been done to them.  Bartorius turned slightly, noticing the odd condition of his troops, while Marcus felt a terrible foreboding as Captain Kleonoi Agamat of the 3rd Company raised his bolt pistol and pointed it straight at the Force Commander. All the while, Akermian collapsed to his knees, screaming into himself as he lost his grip on his power sword. In that same instant, Ephalte's rushed forward, crozius raised high.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Chief Librarian 78</b><br/>
<br/>
"Some of their minds are gone!" Shouted the Chief Librarian, eyes brimming with psychic power. "A light smothered by darkness - but the others-!"<br/>
<br/>
"Kleonoi?" Bartorius asked warily. "What art thee doing?"<br/>
<br/>
"Trying to salvage an idiot's ambitions," Kleonoi answered with tinges of faint annoyance in his voice, the traces of a Lemnan accent to his Low Gothic still there. "Such as it is."<br/>
<br/>
"Beware!" Dumah cried out.  "Defend yourself, Lion!"<br/>
<br/>
"Kleonoi!" Bartorius roared.<br/>
<br/>
"My <i>name</i>," Kleonoi replied calmly, "Is Alpharius."<br/>
<br/>
The Scarlet Lions opened fire on fellow Scarlet Lions, the Blood Ravens, and the unknown marines all at once.<br/>
<br/>
The Blood Ravens unleashed bolter and assault cannon.<br/>
<br/>
The False Lions turned and charged the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
From the hill, Dumah's marines unfurled previously hidden lascannons and sniper rifles hidden somehow out of sight.<br/>
<br/>
All while Akermian screamed on his knees.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===================================================================<br/>​</div>Hadrian Priscus was not the most patient of men. It was not a quality that had well endeared him to many of the elder Blood Ravens. He would not wait about while they formulated plans, letting the enemy overrun defenses and Imperial Guard positions while they studied. He was not against it, not by any means, it had brought too much success in the name of the Chapter for him to deny the utility. But most often he found himself requesting to be part of those few astartes dedicated to the first few strikes. Information gathering through violence, pushing and assaulting the enemy, studying their response and capabilities as he and fellow Blood Ravens fell upon them. It was a position that he, at least, appreciated at the time. But then, those who had looked down on him so for his aggression had turned out to be heretics and traitors, so it hardly should have mattered what the hell they thought. Yet since he had become Captain, he had found it far beyond his allowed duties to perform as he sometimes wished. He was responsible for far more than a single squad now. Indeed, it was a considerable irony indeed that he had been forced to learn far more patience than any of his teachers had tried to push on him.<br/>
<br/>
All that said, however, he was finding that the obstinately silent fleet which was even now still burning their engines towards the last Suysh world was doing a wonderful job of fraying at that carefully self-trained patience.<br/>
<br/>
"Send the message again," he finally grit out through his teeth, fingers tapping a rapid staccato upon the arms of his command throne.<br/>
<br/>
"Sending, captain," the serf at the vox station called out.<br/>
<br/>
Neither Hadrian nor the serf commented on the fact that they had been doing the same exact thing for half an hour. They simply waited out the next few minutes in silence. By now the rest of the 4th Company were once more safely ensconced on the ships, and Hadrian had managed to occupy himself for a full ten minutes ordering them about to optimal protective positions in the case of boarding. But it would be some time yet before they arrived within a distance for such things, and even then it was not as if Hadrian desired conflict with these space marines in particular. This time, however, after another solid ten minutes, the serf turned slightly in their chair to look up at him.<br/>
<br/>
"Captain Priscus! We are receiving a response!"<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian nodded.<br/>
<br/>
"Let us hear it."<br/>
<br/>
The serf scrunched up their face as they fiddled about on the console.<br/>
<br/>
"Apologies, Captain, the transmission is rough."<br/>
<br/>
Even so, a voice did finally come through. It was deep and gravelled in a manner suggestive of clear injuries to the throat or lungs.<br/>
<br/>
"We are the Midnight Fangs, the ever questing Maw of the Emperor," rasped the speaker. "You will cease Exterminatus operations immediately. We require the salvage that this world will provide, salvage that you would see destroyed."<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian blinked.<br/>
<br/>
"Even if we do not launch Exterminatus munitions, we are currently in the midst of a rescue operation, and numerous members of our Chapter are on the planet. We cannot withdraw."<br/>
<br/>
There was no immediate response. Given that time, however, Hadrian instead called up maps taken of the system by long range scans. The Exterminatus munitions used on the two other terrestrial Suysh planets in the system had been of the Cyclonic variety, not Virus Bombs, the plates cracked and broken. Major Suysh settlements and manufacturing facilities were currently being destroyed outright by massive tectonic activity as the dead worlds crumbled further. Much of what had been in orbit over the gas giants were also descending due to the immense gravity exerted. The thought of salvaging xenos materials for any purpose was cause for faint disgust, but at the same time Hadrian considered the ships before him. He had never heard of them before, and if they had operated outside the confines of the Imperium for some time, they might require raw materials such as what the planet could provide them out of desperation. On the other hand, he had never heard of them before, and the treacherous ways of Chaos were well known. It would not be beyond them - nothing was - to simply ape the outer appearance of loyal marines.<br/>
<br/>
"You will withdraw your ships to the specific sector of the planet you are operating on. You will not interfere with our own operations."<br/>
<br/>
"You are giving me a lot of orders for a marine not of the Blood Ravens," Hadrian growled back. "You are neither my Chapter Master nor the Emperor."<br/>
<br/>
Once again, there as a lengthy pause before the formation of the Midnight Fang vessels altered into a significantly more aggressive one.<br/>
<br/>
"You will withdraw your ships to the specific sector of the planet you are operating on. You will not interfere with our own operations."<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian nearly snapped at them, but managed to restrain himself at the last instant. It would not serve the Chapter when he could merely withdraw his ships slightly, and destroy the Suysh entirely once the Midnight Fangs had finished with them. It still rankled at him, however, to meekly turn tail after being so insulted. Were he but a marine, he would have demanded satisfaction. But he could not. He was a Captain. And the damned responsibility he had to the Chapter forced him to do otherwise.<br/>
<br/>
"Attention all ships. We will <i>maneuver </i>to provide better support to the Chapter Master should he require it. Ships committing to orbital bombardment, focus your fire on larger concentrations of Suysh, do not crack the continental plate."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================<br/>​</div><b>Blood Ravens: 97<br/>
Scarlet Lions: 38<br/>
Alpha Legion Lions: 93<br/>
False Scarlet Lions: 54<br/>
Dumah's Forces: 40</b><br/>
<br/>
In moments, what had begun as two-sided confrontation had turned into absolute anarchy. The 1st Company Terminators had begun firing into the ranks of the False Scarlet Lions as they had charged them, storm bolters and assault cannons reaping terrible damage amongst their number. Marcus would not appreciate the memories of ceramite cracking and splitting open under his order. Whether traitorous or not, the power armor they currently wore at the very least had the appearance of being untainted. Others of the False Lions had leapt forward into the ranks of the true Scarlet Lions, catching them on two fronts as the Alpha Legion revealed itself from amongst their number. Force Commander Bartorius had taken a staggering number of bolter rounds to the chest and head before he could close the distance with Captain Agamat, just before he was struck from behind by the crozius of the false chaplain Ephaltes. Marcus had rushed forwards, <i>Wisdom </i>whirring in his grip as he cut down one of the False Lions in a single stroke. While the Blood Ravens reaped a bloody toll, the true Scarlet Lions suffered terribly. Many of them hesitated too long as their brethren fell upon them with bolter and combat knife, plasma gun and chainsword. All the while, the marines of Dumah waded in around the sides, trying to reach the False Lions. The most difficult issue however was that the crush of fighting was such that in moments it became impossible to precisely tell which Scarlet Lion was which, or which force they had aligned themselves with. Even the False Lions bore the colors of the Scarlet Lions, and it was only the careful work of memorization by the 1st Company which let their targeting reticles recognize which was meant to be which. Marcus quickly found himself engaged with a trio of False Lions, deathly silent even now. Nearby, he watched as Chapter Master Angelos rushed to the fallen Bartorius' side, quickly followed by the rest of the Chapter's major leadership. An enormous blast of psychic energies erupted from the body of the Chief Librarian sending a great number of marines flying whilst scorching them aflame, all while somehow avoiding doing so to the loyalists on the field. The Librarians of the Scarlet Lions had died quickly, unexpectedly, from their own brothers pushing their bolters into their backs and firing.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==========================================================<br/>​</div>Hadrian nearly leapt from the command throne when the silently transmitted request came up from the surface for immediate gunship support. He was no tech marine, but in a pinch he was fully capable of piloting a thunderhawk, at the very least down the surface. Whereupon the serf and servitor could work with the machine spirit to provide all the fire support required. Yet he forced himself to stop, and instead relayed orders that had a number of 4th Company running towards the hangars. No, he needed to remain here, in the void, and keep an eye on the rapidly approaching ships of the Midnight Fangs. This close, he could tell by the scanners that while the ships were not specifically damaged by any measure, they were certainly weathered in a manner that the Blood Ravens fleet was not. A vast amount of ornamentation had simply been removed from the ships, the spires and arches typical to Imperial construction had disappeared entirely. This was especially a surprise due to the fact that battle barges of the Midnight Fangs were not purely purpose-built vessels like those of the Blood Ravens. Rather, the battle barges of the Midnight Fangs were clearly retrofitted battleships of the Imperium, both of them almost out-massing even the already large <i>Omnis.</i> It was not wholly uncommon, a great many elder battle barges were the same, but it was still a shock to see in the modern day. Numerous scars existed on the hull of the nearest approaching ship, but not ones big enough to cause any actual structural damage. Thus, they had apparently gone without removal due to not being anything more than a largely aesthetic issue. If the ships of the Imperium were often compared by its common citizenry as glorious cathedrals within the void spreading the Emperor's Word, then the ships of the Midnight Fangs were ugly stones meant for one purpose and one purpose only - destruction of their enemies. The only thing that seemed to retain much care at all were the worn but massive Imperial Aquila on the sides of their vessels.<br/>
<br/>
"I could have told them no," he muttered, "I could have said I did not have the experience or knowledge."<br/>
<br/>
Slowly, very slowly, he sat back into the command throne, chin coming to rest on on his fist.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================<br/>​</div><b>Bartorius vs. Agamat(?)<br/>
50 vs. 49</b><br/>
<br/>
Bartorius spewed blood from his shattered jaw, bone and blood flying freely as he pulled back from the near decapitating strike of his supposed brother-captain, only to be stabbed through the chest by Captain Agamat as he recoiled, the power sword plunging through the ceramite and flesh beneath as if it were cheesecloth. His helmet had been reduced to ruin protecting his head from the traitor's bolter rounds, crumpled to the point that he had been forced to tear it off so that he could still yet see to fight. Yet the Scarlet Lion did not fall, instead he twisted his entire body around with enough force and speed to tear the blade impaling him out of Agamat's grip, one hand rising up with combat knife drawn to slash open Agamat's throat while the other raised his bolt pistol to fire with loud cracks into the other marine's chest. Throughout the fighting, Scarlet Lion battled Scarlet Lion, questions screamed at each other as the entire strike force lost almost all cohesion. More than once, the sheer viciousness of the violence meant that a Lion would scream obscenities in the name of the Emperor at one they were fighting, only to receive the same in turn. At which point both would be shot at by silent marines bearing their own colors. A great many of the 3rd Company had turned with Agamat, and these fought with far more animation than those somehow twisted by the device utilized by Ephaltes, but of the false chaplain there was no sign after he had rushed into the fighting himself.<br/>
<br/>
Another pair of marines arrived at the small cleared space of the duel, chainswords whirring, their pauldrons signifying their allegiance to Agamat. But no sooner than Bartorius had taken note of them than they were taken off their feet by psychic blasts from the staff of Justinius Probalis. In a pair of heartbeats the Chief Librarian of the Blood Ravens stood between them, whole body haloed by psychic might. Where Ephaltes had gone, the Force Commander could not see.<br/>
<br/>
"You cannot win, traitor," Justinius called, fingers gripped around his staff. "You and all your ilk shall fall here."<br/>
<br/>
Agamat snorted.<br/>
<br/>
"Whether we live or die matters not. Another head shall take our place," he chuckled condescendingly. "Ephaltes' failure need not be mine."<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius gurgled angrily, it was all he could manage while his physiology struggled to staunch the bleeding.<br/>
<br/>
"Oh, Bartorius. With you and Kallek dead the Hydra can take your places as well as it has Agamat's. In time, perhaps the Scarlet Lions will <i>all</i> become the Hydra."<br/>
<br/>
The Force Commander narrowed his eyes before grunting and with a cry of pained effort tore the power sword in his chest free. He would have stumbled were it not for the light pouring from Justinius taking on a warmer glow, his wounds miraculously beginning to heal over. He wiped futilely at the ruin that had been left of his mouth before pointing a finger at Agamat. With the lower half of his jaw gone, tongue flopping uselessly, he nevertheless managed a single barely understood word.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>Never."</i><br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">================================================================================​</div><br/>
The Blood Ravens 1st Company had been on both sides of the False Lions. Their dreadnoughts had been behind them. The moment they had turned - as the veterans had known they would - thirty storm bolters and ten assault cannons began to fire simultaneously at independently chosen targets. They could not have openly discussed the matter amongst themselves, and thus more than one false lion found himself torn apart by a multitude of concentrated storm bolter bursts directed against him. Ten cyclone missile launchers fired full salvos of krak missiles at the marines directly in front of them. Tomb-Brother Cassius, Tomb-Brother Adrandus, and Tomb-Brother Anchises fired missile launchers directly into the center of the False Lion column where there was absolutely no risk of collateral damage. All three salvos directly impacted against the bodies of numerous traitor marines while the explosions of heat and shrapnel hit far more. With all the precision of a finely tuned dreadnought frame, they then immediately turned to utilizing a heavy melta, twin-linked lascannon, and assault cannon respectively. To some, it would be disquieting to witness the obliteration of so many space marines in the space of seconds, but these were liars, traitors, and possibly even heretics. They had been proven false, had performed utter desecration to the memory of the 8th Company of the Scarlet Lions, and so it was only just and good that they died so painfully. Of the seventy odd False Lions, barely thirty lived beyond the ten seconds of engagement, though for some it would take longer than that for their bodies to accept it. It was ironic, perhaps, that those near the edges had higher odds of survival due to the volume of fire pushed at the center of their force. Unfortunately for the false marines, the terminators of the 1st Company had merely needed to adjust their aim.<br/>
<br/>
There were, however, a handful of terminators amongst the false lions, and it was these that managed to break free. With a resounding crackle and otherworldly thunderous boom their teleporter packs activated, abandoning those left behind with all the cold cruelty that all traitors possessed. Marcus whipped <i>Wisdom</i> through the neck of one of the last of the marines, his eye searching for where they might emerge next, but attempting to detect passage through the warp was plainly impossible for one such as he. If he strained what remained of his ears, he could hear the faint screech of thunderhawk engines being pushed to their absolute limits.<br/>
<br/>
He dearly wished, once again, that hoped that the 1st Company would have an Epistolary amongst their ranks soon, one like Damion Tyrin.<br/>
<br/>
But then there it was, the lightning crack and momentary splitting of reality as the terminators arrived at the hill directly around where Dumah had been standing. Their arrival was followed by shock waves of force emanating outwards as they returned to earth, knocking numerous power armor-clad marines off their feet. At that same moment, the false chaplain Ephaltes burst from the mass of blood and confusion that was the Scarlet Lions covered in viscera.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=====================================================================================<br/>​</div><b>Blood Raven Leadership: 40<br/>
Agamat: 64<br/>
Bartorius: 100 </b><br/>
<br/>
It could not be denied. The marine that had pretended to be Kleonoi Agamat was undeniably skilled. Even when faced with the Chief Librarian and Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens, he showed no fear. All that mattered to him, apparently, was the death of Bartorius, heedless of his own injuries or wounds. The power sword he bore flashed and danced, ever so barely knocking aside potential blows from <i>Godsplitter</i> and the <i>Talonstaff of Jonah</i>. A blistering burst of lightning that turned the snow and dirt to glass was just barely dodged, while the power sword itself flicked out and scored deeply into the armor of both Blood Ravens facing him. Another bloom of force that could pulverize bones even when kept within ceramite caught only the edge of Agamat's shoulder. All the while, he fought on. Just agile enough to make his way past the defenses of Chapter Master Angelos, willing to take what hits he could of the incredible power of Justinius and dodge what he couldn't, Agamat managed to make his way past to the heavily wounded Bartorius. The Force Commander had taken grievous wounds in his momentary hesitation when the treachery of his own brothers had been revealed, and even a space marine could not easily shrug off what he had thus far sustained.<br/>
<br/>
However.<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius Telemon was no regular battle brother. He had fought in the Third War for Armageddon. He had plunged his forces into the 13th Black Crusade before being recalled. Six centuries he had known as a space marine. And though he had taken bolter rounds to the face and had a power sword thrust through his secondary heart, he had not yet fallen. When Agamat reached him, a previously hidden vortex grenade taken from his belt held in his grasp, he found the still bleeding Force Commander reaching forward to clamp his hand around the hand that held the grenade. With inexorable and terrible strength he clenched down on that hand, cracking the casing of the grenade within, while with his other he pulled forth his own power sword in a reverse grip to slice the arm off at the wrist. Almost casually, he threw the remaining arm high into the air where the vortex grenade would detonate, the explosion pulling nothing but Agamat's arm and snow into the warp with it. As Agamat recoiled, Bartorius grabbed the lip of his helmet and tore it free, casting it aside as well. Beneath the helmet was a face that was familiar, too familiar, but even the eyes themselves, but within them, there was no sign of the true Kleonoi Agamat. Bartorius knew it, and the one who had taken his Brother-Captain's face knew it as well.<br/>
<br/>
"Hydra Domin-,"<br/>
<br/>
There was nothing more than annoyed resignation on the traitor's face when he was decapitated.<br/>
<br/>
Only then did Bartorius let himself collapse to his knees.<br/>
<br/>
"Gracchus! See to him," Gabriel commanded as he moved forwards, "Justinius, do your best to identify the traitors! I go to end this once and for all!"<br/>
<br/>
And so the Chapter Master strode forth to where Dumah was embattled by terminators and Ephaltes all at once. High above, Blood Raven thunderhawks had arrived, short bursts of weapons fire lancing down from them at the targeting coordinates provided by the Master of the Forge.<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================<br/>​</div><b>Dumah: 22<br/>
Ephaltes: 46<br/>
Gabriel Angelos: 78</b><br/>
<br/>
Beneath the weight of fire from both traitorous Scarlet Lions and those who had falsely born their colors, a great many had been forced into cover to avoid death. The armor of space marines was mighty, but not utterly infallible. Of the five terminators that had teleported to the hill, all five were dead. On the other hand, Dumah had taken a pair of power fists to the chest and stomach in addition to more than one storm bolter salvo. He had been forced to a knee, yet still strained to rise with the aid of his sword in the ground. His other hand lay twitching on the ground nearby. Half of the helmet had been struck by the crozius, and blood still trickled out of the rents in the helm even now. The inward crush of his own armor had badly punctured his upper torso, and though it could not be seen, there was an audible hissing wheeze in each breath which signified at least one punctured lung. Opposite him, a wounded Ephaltes stood, blood trickling out from the various wounds the false chaplain had taken on the way up until this point. Simply moving through the fighting Scarlet Lions had ended up with him shot and stabbed more than once. But he still stood, fiery and twisted righteousness blazing in his eyes, the lenses of his helmet having cracked and shattered at some point.<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">​</div>"You have lived too long, Dumah," Ephaltes growled as he stood over him. "You have made mistakes in your old age. That ends today."<br/>
<br/>
"All of this for me? My, how standards have slipped." Dumah wheezed wetly. "You don't care, do you? You've ruined whatever that Scarlet Lion's ploy was. As I said when I turned away, the Hydra has become naught but a decaying ouroboros serving entropy itself."<br/>
<br/>
"You will serve as an warning to the rest of your traitorous kin. The Hydra is coming for them all," Ephalte's hissed as he raised his stolen crozius high. "Our numbers only grow, while there are ever less and less of you!"<br/>
<br/>
"You know, you've all been saying that for a <i>long </i>time," Dumah coughed. "And yet, we remain."<br/>
<br/>
"Die, fool!" Ephaltes roared.<br/>
<br/>
And then <i>Godsplitter </i>struck the false chaplain from behind, thrown from the hand of Gabriel Angelos, striking him like a thunderbolt. The strength of any space marine was formidable. Gabriel Angelos' own strength was further improved by his bionics. Furthermore, he had thrown whilst wearing a powerful suit of terminator armor which only increased the power behind it. And so the Daemonhammer had flown forwards, spinning horizontally, such that when it collided with the right side of Ephaltes, its power field erupted and quite simply blew open the torso entirely. The eruption of the power field not only destabilized the molecular bonds of the ceramite, but much of the skin, flesh, and bone beneath in a flash-vaporized spray of shrapnel and gore. Though <i>Godsplitter</i> clattered to the earth some small distance away, the gauntlets of terminator armor were still capable of wielding smaller implements and as such the plasma pistol rose and fired thrice, putting holes in the backs of three more false Scarlet Lions in the time it took Gabriel to reclaim his weapon and help Dumah to his feet. Around him, the rest of the cloaked and hooded marines rose from cover and unleashed a punishing offense on those traitors and liars remaining.<br/>
<br/>
Ephaltes did not even manage to make it to his knees before the two of them reached him.<br/>
<br/>
Gasping for air, the right half of his body mostly crushed and obliterated by powerful strike, he nonetheless writhed on the ground in agony. Not yet dead, but too far from life. It he had been a marine deserving of it, his condition would have quite plainly demanded his placement into a dreadnought to preserve.<br/>
<br/>
Yet neither of those who stood above him had any desire to do so.<br/>
<br/>
"Was it worth it?" Dumah finally asked as he nudged Ephaltes onto his back. "All this? Stealing our cogitators, ensuring an alien invasion of the Imperium using the information? All to pull me out of hiding?"<br/>
<br/>
Ephaltes did not have the saliva left to actually spit, but he made an attempt nonetheless.<br/>
<br/>
"M-more of us will come," the dying marine rasped out proudly, "Until...you...are all dead." Then he grinned through blackened teeth and bleeding gums. "By killing us, you only...tell the Hydra where you've fled. Fool."<br/>
<br/>
Then he lunged for them with the last reserves of his strength, only for both Dumah and Gabriel to stand back a single step, forcing Ephaltes to flop uselessly forward onto the snow.<br/>
<br/>
"H-Hydra Dominatus!" Ephaltes forced out.<br/>
<br/>
"Quod Hydra Est Mortuus," Dumah shook his head before reaching over and carefully plunging the tip of his power sword into Ephaltes' head, silencing him once and for all.<br/>
<br/>
Around them, the fighting was beginning to come to painful and bloody finish. Dumah locked eyes with Gabriel and took off his helm once more, if only to see better. He gave the Chapter Master of the Blood Ravens a grim smile.<br/>
<br/>
"Always a few surprises to be had, it seems. Let us see to the end of this macabre business."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">======================================================<br/>​</div>"...Captain Hadrian?"<br/>
<br/>
"What is it?"<br/>
<br/>
The serf manning the long range scanning station along with numerous servitors looked up at him, eyes wide.<br/>
<br/>
"There...there is another fleet emerging into the system."<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian stared.<br/>
<br/>
"Excuse me?"<br/>
<br/>
"I checked the cogitators twice, Captain, see for yourself!"<br/>
<br/>
The Captain of the 4th Company watched, bewildered, as the tac-screen lit up brightly, once more showing the fleets present around the planet. The fleet of the Midnight Fangs had already reached the planet and were currently deploying what appeared to be at least seven companies worth of astartes and armored vehicles hundreds of miles south to where the Blood Raven fleet was currently parked in orbit. Then the vision twisted and bloomed outwards in scope, the planet and the ships above it shrinking rapidly as the rest of the solar system came on screen. There, he spied the telltale symbols signifying new warp transitions, the sigils for unknown Imperial contacts blinking insistently. It was close to the same as when the Midnight Fangs arrived. Too close. He spied another two dozen strike cruisers amongst their number, led by a trio of battle barges, the largest among them also a retrofitted battleship of some sort. Unlike the Midnight Fangs, however, this fleet bore clear signs of damage to their ships, all of it clearly sourced from Suysh weaponry.<br/>
<br/>
Also different from the Midnight Fangs was that the vox crackled to life immediately.<br/>
<br/>
"We have an incoming communication captain, from the unknown ships," a serf spoke nervously, looking up at him.<br/>
<br/>
"Let us hear it then," Hadrian quickly decided, hands clenching and unclenching. "And send a notification to the Chapter Master about their arrival."<br/>
<br/>
"Well, you aren't the Midnight Fangs, but I know you not. Which means you are <i>far </i>out of your territory, whoever you are."<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian ground his teeth.<br/>
<br/>
"We are the Blood Ravens and Scarlet Lions, loyal sons of the Emperor and servants of the Imperium. We have torn the Suysh from their beachhead and have followed them here to burn the rest of their mongrel civilization to ash," he almost shouted into the vox. "Our 'territory' is wherever the Imperium's enemies reside!"<br/>
<br/>
A moment of silence followed that before the new arrival spoke again.<br/>
<br/>
"Well said, if you are being truthful," the other speaker said thoughtfully before turning rueful. "Though I fear that we have done most of the work you've set before yourself. A Sector's worth of aliens have fallen before us, and this is the last of the holdings these xenos possess."<br/>
<br/>
Then there was a pause.<br/>
<br/>
"You remain distant from the Feast of Metal, it seems. Yet you do not seem to be doing much at all other than watching it happen."<br/>
<br/>
"Much of our chapter is below," Hadrian answered firmly, "Enacting search and rescue operations on a pair of strike cruisers that were shot down fighting each other."<br/>
<br/>
"...Excuse me?" the voice eventually asked, their bemusement significantly cooled. "I presume neither were your own."<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian narrowed his eyes at the tactical screen. They out-massed the Blood Ravens significantly, and he had absolutely no idea as towards their numbers. But, at that point, he was able to relax ever so slightly as a light lit up out of the corner of his eye.<br/>
<br/>
"No, they were not. One moment, I must speak with my Chapter Master," he nodded to the serf at the vox station to open the channel. "Angelos, I don't like the look of either of these fleets. One of them is ransacking the xenos for war material, and the other...," he trailed off, unable to fully articulate any specific reason for his wariness.<br/>
<br/>
"Understood, Hadrian," Angelos' voice was patchy through the vox, peaking and falling at odd times. "Martellus is will be transmitting a data package to you. Send it to them. Deploy all possible apothecaries to the surface. <i>Now.</i>"<br/>
<br/>
Hadrian raised an eyebrow, though it was only the bridge crew that could see it. His curiosity was beginning to burn at him, but he couldn't possibly refuse his Chapter Master. Well, this one at least. He was proud of the fact that he was one of the first to openly question Kyras, one of the first to support Gabriel. It had nearly gotten him killed a dozen times over, but in his opinion it had been well worth it.<br/>
<br/>
"Your will be done, Angelos," he answered stoically before activating the fleet-wide vox channel. "Attention, all non-occupied apothecaries are to make for the surface immediately. Again, all apothecaries to the teleportarium for immediate deployment to the Chapter Master's location."<br/>
<br/>
Within seconds, the data package came through, but while he was somewhat learned he was no tech marine. To his eyes it appeared to be a simple jumble of letters and numbers mixed together with no rhyme or reason. It was over a hundred characters long, and though he scrutinized it heavily he could not detect any pattern whatsoever in any regard. There were even non-Imperial Gothic characters mixed in that even the cogitators of the <i>Omnis</i> flatly refused to translate.<br/>
<br/>
"Vox, transmit the data package to the new fleet."<br/>
<br/>
"Aye, Captain!"<br/>
<br/>
Then he waited, fingers tapping on the armrest of the throne as he continue to examine the copy the ship's systems had automatically taken.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah!" The vox opened once more, the voice now full of amused warmth. "I am glad to know he lives. Worry not, Blood Ravens, we will move to support you. I am Antilochus, and I am glad to know more true sons of the Imperium."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">===========================================================================<br/>​</div>The field was one of ruin. Craters smoked, the heat of them causing the snow which fell into them to melt into pools of bubbling water. Trees that had been frozen for years had cracked and split, some of them burning merrily into the night. The white snow was speckled with soot and blood. And there were far, far too many bodies of space marines who were meant to be loyal to the Emperor on the ground to ever be comfortable with. From where so many lay on the ground, it was impossible to tell which ones had been traitors, and which ones had not. Thus began the darkest aftermath of battle that Gabriel Angelos had been faced with in many years as the apothecaries of the Scarlet Lions attempted to tally the dead, while his own saw to those who might yet have a chance at living. It was, perhaps, to the credit of the Blood Ravens that while they had taken casualties none were fatalities. The 1st Company had been perfectly primed while the flanking positions of the rest of the Company allowing them to avoid the intensity of the infighting amongst the Scarlet Lions.<br/>
<br/>
"Another. Brother Amphis. Also of the 8th Company," Captain Kallek spoke dully as an apothecary pulled the helmet of the slain marine off. "Or at least he is such in appearance. Study of his gene-seed will tell us if he truly is or not."<br/>
<br/>
The Scarlet Lions, boisterous and proud, had been utterly ravaged by the machinations of the Alpha Legion. Delivered unto the sword and bolter of their own supposed brethren, their hesitation at fighting their own brothers had proven a costly mistake. Kallek lived, but his right arm had been destroyed at the elbow by a too-close plasma gun blast. He had killed the one who had done it, who had nearly slain him in turn, but the fact that his would-be killer had born his own colors had clearly disturbed and shaken him. It was the same for all of the still living Scarlet Lions. Even now, the Librarius of the Blood Ravens had been deployed to peel back their minds, checking to see if a survivor truly was loyal or simply another infiltrator attempting to survive after seeing that the battle was truly lost. That Chief Librarian Justinius had actually found one such marine had only increased the exhaustive nature of the proceedings - the infiltrator in question promptly killing themselves once discovered. Gabriel looked at what had been wrought, and turned away in disgust. He was aware of the sheer infuriating diversity of the Alpha Legion, the Librarium of the Blood Ravens likely had some of the less redacted lore on that infernal legion compared to other Chapters throughout the Imperium. Still, he had perhaps grown too used to them waging open battle, like on Tartarus or in Kaurava.<br/>
<br/>
"I do not know for certain, though I have my suspicions," Dumah was saying as he rested upon an overturned ammo crate that groaned under the weight of his armor. "Tell me, the Scarlet Lions. They are often divided, yes? A fleet borne chapter sending its individual companies far and wide across the Imperium?"<br/>
<br/>
On his back, armor cut open and peeled back out of necessity for Nero Gracchus to treat his wounds as quickly as possible, lay Bartorius who weakly nodded. Even now, the badly wounded Force Commander was struggling to keep his sus-an membrane from activating. He was incapable of speech, the blood of his ruined jaw coagulated into a rough crusted mass to prevent him from dying of total exsanguination. The first time he'd tried to speak Nero had quite plainly put a hand on Bartorius' throat and wrapped the other hand - currently inside the Force Commander's chest cavity - around the Scarlet Lion's primary heart to squeeze ever so slightly. The blood splattered helm of the Master of the Apothecarion had risen into Bartorius' view and remained utterly silent long enough for the message to be properly communicated. Apparently his time being spent so regularly with the Master of Sanctity and a Chaplaincy which quickly followed the example of their leader had shortened Nero's temper significantly.<br/>
<br/>
"Mmm," the elder marine coughed blood into his fist, though he waved off the look that Nero gave him. "I'll live, apothecary. I've had worse." He then turned to look back down at the Scarlet Lion. "It is entirely possible that at any point in the history of Kleonoi Agamat's time in the Chapter that he was replaced. Perhaps there was even a time when he was unaware of it."<br/>
<br/>
Dumah glanced to where Justinius stood, every Codicier in the Chapter behind him creating a localized nimbus of eldritch power.<br/>
<br/>
"It is possible, through substantially powerful hypnotherapy rites, chemical conditioning, and psychic warding to even mask one's self from themselves," he said after looking back to Bartorius. "Enough such that even a Librarian could not tell, were they to dive into one's mind save for the absolute deepest depths. But then, few marines would consent to such an act, the violation it represents."<br/>
<br/>
Bartorius' eyes squeezed shut in impotent anger, and though there was also a sudden spasm and clenching of his fists it was more the result of the ongoing corrective surgery. The worse part was, Gabriel knew, was that Dumah was right. Psykers were a known but barely tolerated mutation for many, their powers boon and blessing in one. Some, like the Black Templars, abhorred their usage all together. There were even records within the Librarium speaking to a past conflict with the Black Templars for that very reason, though it was noted to be possibly apocryphal. But even amongst the Blood Ravens, with their own unique relationship with their Librarians, an in-depth scouring of the mind by any member of the Librarius would not be eagerly accepted. It was not entirely surprising that the Librarians of the Scarlet Lions had done no such thing to their own brothers, for what possible reason had they been given for it?<br/>
<br/>
"But you proclaimed that Agamat was <i>not </i>working with Ephaltes," Gabriel stated as he loomed above Dumah.<br/>
<br/>
"Based on his reactions, I'd say so," Dumah nodded. "From what you've told me, Agamat had a different plan entirely. He wished to work to the subversion of an entire Chapter." He scoffed and shook his head slightly. "Ambitious, but not wholly unattainable. The disconnected nature of a fleet-based Chapter could have allowed for the subversion of one company at a time. It could be a great many years between one company meeting another, plenty of time to learn roles and alter records. Should Bartorius or Kallek have fallen in the course of the campaign, he could have seeded one of his brethren into the position."<br/>
<br/>
It was one of the most vile and underhanded things that Gabriel could have imagined hearing. It was worse because he too could see how it could have happened had the Blood Ravens not been present. The tapping of Bartorius' fingers on the earth brought his attention back to bear, and both Dumah and Gabriel watched as the wounded marine cast his eyes towards where the corpse of Ephaltes lay, the question clear.<br/>
<br/>
"Him? Just the latest in a long line of hunters sent after me," Dumah answered after a moment, his eyes growing haunted and lips thinning. "And when he does not report success, they will send another. And another. As they always have."<br/>
<br/>
"What I don't understand was why he aped the appearance of being successors of the Dark Angels," Gabriel murmured. "Why go through the effort of it all? It surely would have been simpler to claim to be descended from the Ultramarines or Imperial Fists."<br/>
<br/>
Dumah looked up at him and studied his face, lips pursing.<br/>
<br/>
"I suspect it would be because they could have more easily convinced true sons of the Lion to aid in their hunt, and to remain utterly secretive about it to the rest of the Imperium. It just happened to be that it was you Blood Ravens who came along, rather than anyone else."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel narrowed his eyes. He was growing increasingly aware of just how resistant Dumah and likely his followers were to revealing the full truth of almost anything at all.<br/>
<br/>
"And why would the Dark Angels or their successors do such a thing?"<br/>
<br/>
A low burst of laughter was the immediate response, one tinged in pain but with considerable amusement nonetheless.<br/>
<br/>
"Now <i>that </i>would another considerably dangerous secret, Blood Raven," Dumah shook his head vigorously. "I've already made a target of you for giving you one such secret, I would not place another target on the backs of your Chapter with another."<br/>
<br/>
"Dumah-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Gabriel," Dumah interrupted him, amusement draining into utter seriousness. "There are a great many wars being fought across this galaxy. You do not need to be involved with every single one."<br/>
<br/>
It was at that point that Bartorius slammed a fist down and pointed at Ephaltes, then further down the hill to where Akermian had fallen to his knees. Even now, he lived, with a quartet of Codiciers and a full squad of terminators of the 1st Company watching over him from a safe distance. The only marine who had been willing to get close was Hannibal, the Master of Sanctity even putting aside his mighty crozius as he knelt and spoke quietly with him. A disturbing number of the False Lions had been revealed to not be False at all, merely altered. It had been a terrible discovery, one that had struck yet one more blow to the Scarlet Lions and their dismal morale. Unlike Akermian, however, none of them had stopped, not a single one. It was only after the battle was over and they had begun genetic tests to check that they had discovered the truth given up by their gene-seed.<br/>
<br/>
"Ah," Dumah's expression turned grim. "I suspect a different course all together happened to them. It is what I spoke of before, Force Commander. Your 8th Company was too isolated, and the reports of its demise likely falsified entirely, or at the very least altered." He folded his hands in prayer for a silent moment. "You called him Brother-Captain Notos? He may very well be such. I cannot say what terrible things that might have been done to his mind to transform him into Akermian."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel looked up and away from the grief and rage of Bartorius, up at the skies above them, still blustering and grey as the snow continued to fall in great piles. In but a few hours, this entire field would be obscured largely from sight, the wounds the battle had inflicted upon the landscape hidden. He had not been pleased when he'd learned that the first incoming fleet had not been Dumah's forces, and he had nearly turned then and there, tired of the constant wordplay and deception, but there had been other events at hand that required more of his attention. That the fleet spoken of before truly had come, these ones actually bearing battle scars from the Suysh, actually added the slightest bit of weight to the admittedly patchy credibility that Dumah had managed to gain.<br/>
<br/>
"I cannot believe this. If the forces of Chaos could subvert us so easily-," Gabriel began before Dumah shook his head again.<br/>
<br/>
"Easily? No, not at all. Tell me, Bartorius, how many decades ago was the 8th Company lost? Each finger a decade," Dumah raised his hands, fingers splayed wide.<br/>
<br/>
At one, Bartorius shook his head, as he would for a number of them until he finally gave a jerky nod.<br/>
<br/>
"Sixty years, or thereabout," Dumah sighed before turning back to Gabriel with a drawn expression. "Up to sixty years under the tender ministrations of those who have mastered the art of sculpting not just body and shape, nor text and data archive, but the mind as well. Unrestricted by rationality or morality, possibly with aid from xeno technologies and expertise, the infernal creations of the Dark Mechanicus, and worse."<br/>
<br/>
Grunting, Dumah finally stood, his body healing itself just enough to allow him to do so. Even then, Gabriel dwarfed him clad in terminator armor.<br/>
<br/>
"I'm not saying he was <i>weak</i>," Dumah grunted as he rolled a shoulder before looking Gabriel in the eye. "I am saying the enemy is <i>strong.</i> Too many forget that, or ignore the truth of the matter. It may be possible for him to recover himself, but in the end, it may not."<br/>
<br/>
He then gestured towards the field of bodies.<br/>
<br/>
"If Ephaltes, or the Alpha Legion in general, knew which worlds the Scarlet Lions recruit from? They could have begun subverting their aspirants before they are even born through any myriad number of ways. That light and noise burst was a very, <i>very </i>specific trigger. It might have been that these marines served the Emperor faithfully for their entire lives and never be 'activated'. It just happened not to be so."<br/>
<br/>
Since the arrival of his fleet, Dumah had become much more conversational than before, Gabriel couldn't help but notice.<br/>
<br/>
"So what happens now, Dumah?"<br/>
<br/>
Dumah did not reply at first, hands simply coming to his hips as he surveyed the carnage. Eventually, however, he did turn back to Gabriel with a raised eyebrow.<br/>
<br/>
"Now? Now we part ways, Gabriel Angelos of the Blood Ravens. You and what remains of the Scarlet Lions will go back into the light, while we remain here to serve in the dark," he told him without hesitation. "There are things in the void, Gabriel. Terrible, terrible things that require fighting lest they encroach." Dumah's voice briefly became a whisper before he brightened again. "The Suysh were slated to implode within a few years if they had not been given new targets. Luckily we retained a few Queen eggs before we committed to ending their threat to the Imperium."<br/>
<br/>
"Luckily?" Gabriel could not help but ask incredulously.<br/>
<br/>
"Of course," Dumah answered plainly. "How did you think we managed to travel without the Light of the Astronomicon?"<br/>
<br/>
"I had assumed you braved the warp like any other must when outside of His Light," Gabriel answered honestly and with a hint of disgust in his voice. "You utilize the xenos?"<br/>
<br/>
Dumah's lips pulled down as he shook his head from side to side.<br/>
<br/>
"Mmm, yes, on occasion we are forced to travel without any light at all. As it is, however, the Queens provide a useful service. Or, at least, the echoes of their deaths do, as do their Death-Marks."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel just stared.<br/>
<br/>
"Without the Astronomicon, one must make what beacons they can," Dumah shrugged. "I do not know what method the Midnight Fangs use, while the Carcharodons flit in and out of the Astronomicon - as far as I know, at least. They might be closer to ending their exile than anyone else."<br/>
<br/>
Then Dumah paused, as if a new realization had come to him, but Gabriel was beginning to think it most certainly had not.<br/>
<br/>
"I've just had a thought. Instead of us leaving amicably, you could kill me and my brothers, or try to, and then clap the survivors in chains to bring back to the Imperium for the crimes of our forefathers! I suspect our fleet would attempt to stop yours, and the Midnight Fangs might grow...displeased if their feast is unduly interrupted by conflict. The Alpha Legion would be glad for it. I suspect certain portions of the Inquisition would be as well," Dumah rubbed at his chin. "I'd prefer if matters did not go that way, of course, but it is up to you."<br/>
<br/>
"You are not making the former possibility any more likely than the latter, you know," Gabriel ground out.<br/>
<br/>
"I cannot help my nature," Dumah said before quickly adding, "Most of the time. As it is, from this point on, the fleet will need to stick together lest one of us be picked off again, just in case our foes try the same gambit again."<br/>
<br/>
There was a hissing noise of heated sealant rapidly cooling and both marines looked down to Nero Gracchus rise to his feet, flicking his hands to the side to get the excess blood off. A small servo skull appeared and began spraying disinfectants while passing a small sterilization field over the apothecary. He then reached down and pulled Bartorius to his feet, the Force Commander finally ambulatory once more. He remained incapable of speech, but at the very least he was not in danger of dying anymore. A wrist-clasp was offered and accepted before Nero turned away and walked back down the hill to see to other patients. Bartorius glanced at both of them, eyes narrowing on Dumah, before he too walked down the slope to see to the fallen. Dumah watched him go without emotion before turning to Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
"I must see to my men, we were not without casualties ourselves. I'm sure we'll have time to speak again before my fleet gets here, Angelos. See to your own brothers."<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">========================================================================================<br/>​</div>In the end, most of the 3rd Company had been subverted by the machinations of the one bearing the name of Kleonoi Agamat. Significant portions of the 4th and 2nd had been sleeper agents activated by the false chaplain Ephaltes, and had been cut down even as they'd done the same to their brothers. The totality of the False Lions were dead, with over a third of their number revealed to have been subverted Scarlet Lions with no real way to to discern which ones might have been willing or unwilling. Dumah strongly argued against attempting to make use of the Omophagea in this occasion, not least because of the distasteful act of eating of the flesh of another astartes, and also it being entirely possible that hidden toxins or memetic hazard had been hidden within. The Scarlet Lion apothecaries were strenuously testing the gene-seed being extracted, for even those vital organs were worried to have been changed somehow. Before, it would have been unthinkable, but given recent events they simply could not put it past the Alpha Legion to have done something to the holiest part of their beings. Those few Blood Ravens that had been wounded would be completely combat effective by the time the Chapter returned to the Imperium, what wounds that remained to be healed soon enough after that point. But nevertheless, the Alpha Legion had done a tremendous job at harming the loyalists in this endeavor. The Suysh had slaughtered millions of Imperial citizens and Guardsmen, destroyed dozens of Imperial Navy vessels, and had nearly crippled an entire sector. All of that, brought about through the deaths of Dumah's marines, and the theft of their cogitators. All to bring Dumah's attention to bear, all so that he would directly intervene, all so that they could bring him out of hiding and attempt to kill him at all costs. All separated from an entirely different attempt to subvert the name and status of a loyal Chapter of space marines as a mask for traitorous actions and movement within the Imperium. Actions and efforts wholly different from battling the Alpha Legion in previous encounters, from the efforts of the Black Legion to destroy Subsector Aurelia.<br/>
<br/>
Though much ruin and destruction had been wrought here, Gabriel could at least attempt to content himself with the knowledge that without the Blood Ravens, it could have been much worse.<br/>
<br/>
His musing was interrupted when Captain Macharius approached him. The man had, temporarily at least, relieved himself of carrying about the plasma cannon he was so partial to.<br/>
<br/>
"Brother-Captain," he greeted him politely.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master," Macharius replied with a salute.<br/>
<br/>
"What do you require of me?"<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master, I wish to nominate some of the brothers of the 2nd Company for the position of Company Champion. Brothers Jordis and Obasi are the sergeants of the 2nd Company Assault Squads, and both of them have acquitted themselves with great valor and skill throughout this campaign," Macharius began, falling into attention while staring straight ahead. "And wished to ask you for guidance wisdom."<br/>
<br/>
"I see," Gabriel nodded before glancing down at the data pad and scrolling through its contents.<br/>
<br/>
Brother Jordis had proven an adept sergeant since taking the position, possessing all the vigor and aggression demanded by an assault marine but tempered with clear and noted efforts to ensure the best possible effectiveness in the usage of his squad. Adept tactical thinking had ensured that his squad was rarely at a disadvantage against the Suysh, rapidly moving from weak point to weak point amongst the enemy without lingering too long and being surrounded. While it was entirely part of the role of the assault marine to plunge into the depths of the enemy, the bonds of brotherhood that Jordis had fostered amongst his squad had created an intriguing level of closeness in combat for the squad. It had been repeatedly noted that the entire squad often fought as one smooth and connected group with at a level normally only achieved by veterans, blocking and deflecting blows from one another without even turning or looking, to the point that there was even a note from the Librarians that they had checked Sergeant Jordis more than once for nascent psychic abilities only to find none. His own martial abilities were considerable as well. Jordis was credited with a Queen kill, having fought his way through an entire group of Royal Guard alone while the rest of his squad kept other Suysh from stopping him, plunging himself and his chainsword into the Queen's gullet and literally cutting his way back out. Though he had been badly battered and nearly melted into liquid by the incredibly powerful stomach acids present, his power armor's machine spirit had held firm enough to allow him to survive for the apothecaries to reach him.<br/>
<br/>
Brother Obasi, being the other sergeant of the assault marines of the 2nd Company, had by his position alone been at the forefront of the fighting against the Suysh. Unlike Brother Jordis, however, Obasi seemed content to push his brothers to greater heights by virtue of example. He held two Queen kills, the first of them accomplished earlier in the campaign than Jordis, when the Blood Ravens had not yet fully developed their plans and tactics to the fullest extent that they would later on. At the same time, he had also willingly taken part in more armor-targeting missions, dropping melta grenades and bombs from above to hit xeno tanks and buildings in harrying attacks. Obasi appeared to encourage independent thought and action amongst his squad, discussions common even mid-flight about targets and potential places to land and fall upon the enemy. Though he held the final word, he ensured that the voices of his brothers were heard. When there were disagreements, he had proved able to quieting dissent through sheer virtue of victory later on to spite disagreements. In combat with Royal Guard and Hungerers he had proven adept with the chainsword, slaying them despite the tough hide and armor and further despite his lack of bearing a power sword at the time. He was an extensively experienced swordsman.<br/>
<br/>
"The choice is your own, Brother-Captain. I will not be Kyras," in as many ways that were possible, "And I will not micromanage your every decision and appointment. Both of them could be rightly considered veterans after this campaign, each of them has proven skill with the blade. It is up to you how to decide."<br/>
<br/>
Macharius sighed as he took the data slate back.<br/>
<br/>
"I know, I had mostly hoped that you would come to a different conclusion than I. Both of them are worth the promotion, and their position could be filled by another in their squad, with a newly promoted battle brother from the Devastator squads filling in next."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel chuckled as some honest humor broke the bleakness ever so briefly. This, not the skulking dealings of the Alpha Legion, but this? This he had experience with.<br/>
<br/>
"Brother-Captain, I will tell you this. In my time as the Captain of the 3rd Company I faced many such decisions as you face now. Brothers equal to one another, yet with only one position to fill, who and when and why a brother might be granted veteran laurels, and who might be seconded to other companies," Gabriel clamped a brotherly hand on Macharius' shoulder. "There will be times when there is no 'perfect' choice. You must simply be prepared to deal with the aftermath should one or the other feel slighted. Have you made them aware that you are considering them for such?"<br/>
<br/>
Macharius shook his head rapidly.<br/>
<br/>
"No, not yet. I don't need them butting heads if I can help it," he said, aggrieved.<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel just huffed another laugh.<br/>
<br/>
"I am sure you will make the correct choice, brother."<br/>
<br/>
The brother-captain simply sighed again as he nodded and walked away back towards his company. The smile soon fell from Gabriel's lips as well when he saw Dumah approaching along with the two remaining Captains of the Scarlet Lions. Bartorius would require either extensive reconstructive surgery or bionics, neither of which were immediately possible, while Kallek had gone largely silent simply out of mute horror at what had been done. The snow drifts were almost up to Gabriel's knees in his terminator armor, and it was only the effort of the tallying apothecaries that the bodies of the slain remained uncovered. The temperatures would surely have frozen most Guardsmen solid, though not all of their kind. Those of Vallhalla and the Vostroyan Regiments might have considered it only extremely cold.<br/>
<br/>
"It seems that our time has come to an end, Gabriel Angelos," Dumah bowed ever so slightly at the waist to him. "I must away. I had hoped the Eastern Fringe would be too far for them, but of course, hope is but the first step on the road to disappointment."<br/>
<br/>
"Where will you go, then?"<br/>
<br/>
Dumah just ghosted a smile at Gabriel.<br/>
<br/>
"Away from here," he answered without any further elaboration. "You are an interesting marine. I don't think I've ever met someone like you Blood Ravens before."<br/>
<br/>
"And how much of what you've said are lies or misdirection?" Gabriel answered back sardonically.<br/>
<br/>
"Some," Dumah smiled with his teeth bared. "But I am more here to revisit the question," he placed his hand quite firmly onto the hilt of his power sword.<br/>
<br/>
Kallek and Bartorius tensed just as Gabriel did. Dumah's expression was entirely too casual.<br/>
<br/>
"What are we to do about this? I can swear to my loyalty to the end of my last breath, and it could all be lies. Will we be permitted to leave, or will combat ensue on this day between space marine an space marine once more?"<br/>
<br/>
<b><u>What To Do?</u></b><br/>
<i>Moratorium For 3 Hours</i><br/>
<br/>
[] Let Them Go<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Attempt To Take Them In<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<i>Additionally</i><br/>
[] Ignore the question of the Dark Angels, whatever Dumah says might be lies or complete misdirection.<br/>
[] Push the question on the matter of the Dark Angels, and why in the name of the Golden Throne would Ephaltes think he could manipulate the Sons of the Lion so.</div>
  </body>
</html>