<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Eleven)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 27: On Vengeful Wings (Part Eleven)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper">[] Advance On Aeterna: Ten ships. Ten...opportunities, perhaps. To not face the Saharduin now means they can, and likely will, assault your ships from behind if they were to travel anywhere else.<br/>
<br/>
<i>GM NOTE: 12 Hour Moratorium</i><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<b>On Vengeful Wings<br/>
+070.M42+ To +075.M42+<br/>
I am a Blood Raven, born into the starry sky on wings of hate. Hate for the alien and his opposition to Man. Hate for the treason of brothers and fathers. – Reclusiarch Mikelus</b>​</div><br/>
The approach to Aeterna was a slow one, in comparison to the absolutely brutal pace leading up to this point through the system. One that was desperately required, however, despite the fact that it was obvious that long range auspex scans were granting them the discomforting sight of significant activity over New Meridian. There was nothing to be done about it, however. For all that it was a hive world with its own manufactorums, it was not a true Forge World. Not even close to the manufacturing capacities of even Opus Maxima, which had been only nascent. It did not mean that they were not preparing for the time when the Imperials inevitably turned for them. At the same time, however, it was mutually agreed upon by the existing commanders that anything which might trigger the aggressive tendencies of the Saharduin - such as presenting their rears to them while throwing themselves at the already prepared defenses of New Meridian.<br/>
<br/>
No.<br/>
<br/>
The xenos had to go.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Patching Metal: 72<br/>
Patching Flesh: 90</b><br/>
<br/>
In the meantime, however, the tech-priests of the various Imperial Navy ships frantically went to work, while the Inquisitor herself assented to delivering some of the cadre which worked upon her own ship over to the Blood Ravens to assist in repairs of the <i>Litany of Fury. </i>Unfortunately, as initially suspected the main bombardment cannon of the battle barge was simply irreparable without more advanced shipyard facilities and several weapons batteries had been turned to slag, but there was much yet that could be patched up. Such as the battered void shield generators which had been so badly overloaded during the battle which occurred simply entering the system. Truly, the Black Legion had been supremely confident that they could take the ship, having focused exclusively on harming the ship's ability to defend itself and prioritized keeping its superstructure and engines as pristine as possible. Their arrogance would now aid in their continued undoing. The <i>Litany</i> did not have the teeth she was normally accustomed to, but her two skins would be as doughty as ever.<br/>
<br/>
Within the ship, efforts were made extensively by the remaining Librarium. Rituals of mending the mind and body were enacted by the Chief Librarian after forcing Epistolary Lucan to rest, the gathered strength of the Codiciers and Lexicani was channeled forth. As had been noted by the now unconscious psyker, if all wounds could be swiftly, completely, and easily healed by their kind, bionics would never be necessary. And yet they were, of course, because in truth the psykers powerful enough to perform such things were rarities amongst their kind. Even then, trusting a psyker to fully patch the total intricacies of the biological form was also rare, the danger undeniable and constant. The slightest lapse could cause horrific damage, could cause death, could cause even worse, not just for the psyker but for the one they were altering the flesh of.<br/>
<br/>
Many would not ever, ever risk it.<br/>
<br/>
Many did not have the power of the Blood Raven non-typical psychic averages.<br/>
<br/>
Many did not have the sheer breadth of knowledge that the Blood Ravens. How and when it was acquired, from what sources, for what initial purposes before study, was not particularly relevant at the moment - though it surely would for many within the Inquisition and Ecclesiarchy. But such things were not for them to know, neither when, nor where, nor even that they were the sources being used at all. Some knowledge was not worth using, even if it was worth knowing. Times and circumstances were desperate, but not yet that desperate. Not yet. What had been studied, tested, sanitized, improved. These were what were called upon now.<br/>
<br/>
Justinius Probalis may not have faced the true shattering strength of the Hive Mind so directly as his mentor Jonah Orion, but he had spent his time since being placed into his position extensively studying the lore within the Librarium. He had to, if only to catalogue what might have been taken, or worse - altered - by the touch of those corrupted by Azariah Kyras. His strength had grown with his knowledge. Here, now, within a system constricted by unnatural gravimetric forces, with a churning cauldron of uniquely contained and stretched Warp, buoyed by the joined chorus of minds of the Librarium. Those that were conscious, anyway. Luckily, the Blood Ravens had scoured and taken what body parts they could, those that remained, if only to try and reattach later with the aid of an apothecary. And, to be sure, Apothecary Medici was present, but only to watch, and to check over those so risen.<br/>
<br/>
And they did rise.<br/>
<br/>
Bones twisted back into place within the shattered sheathes. Bruised organs rippled and undulated within membranes. Extraneous things, unnecessary additional fingers that were not necessarily required to grip and fire a bolter, to trigger and throw a grenade, were not focused upon. Instead, the whole of that localized storm of psychic energies which would have horrified more orthodox Chapters of the Adeptus Astartes focused instead on pure revivification. Awakening. Walking. Moving. Fighting. Reaching a point where the enhanced physiology granted to them over the years of work by the apothecaries since their Blood Trials could truly go to work. Spare pieces of power armor would be used to repair, to patch, to replace what needed to be done.<br/>
<br/>
And they did rise.<br/>
<br/>
Souls rent and tattered by exertion were filled, mended, soothed. Bodies reflecting that same damage, things inflicted upon the metaphysical level, undetectable by most technologies, were healed. It was under such circumstances that Epistolary Idmon, who had crafted maelstroms of metal and stone and lightning awoke once more, eyes burning with blinding psychic light, shocked into awareness so completely and thoroughly that he joined in the communion immediately. It was because of such joined mental strength, a deathly choir of psykers, beings reviled and kept distant by the majority of all the Imperium, that Codicier Aeneas awoke once more, saved from the nightmares both real and unreal which had plagued him since he had fallen through the Warp over Opus Maxima and barely escaped.<br/>
<br/>
Thus did the remaining Blood Ravens of the 5th Company, battered, wounded, and far fewer in number since they had begun this fight, rise.<br/>
<br/>
Only one did not, as the apothecarium emptied out leaving him as the sole unconscious remainder. For the wounds of Apollo Diomedes were too great, even then, to be healed in such a manner. His body had been so wracked, so ruined, that it was considered by Apothecary Medici a medical marvel that he had not simply died, or at least had been required to be placed within a dreadnought to survive. Perhaps, in time, given longer, willingly exhausting the Librarium in joined strength once more, it could be done. But such was not possible, certainly not with so much battle left on the horizon, and in the near future.<br/>
<br/>
As Gabriel Angelos, at that point on the strategium in conference with his fellow commanders, well knew.<br/>
<br/>
"The xeno ships are starting to move, they can see we're on the cusp of entering the local gravity well of Aeterna," Admiral Graves said unhappily. "Squinty bastards, based on the old records in the cogitators, but their auspex systems are extremely adept at finding biological signatures of enemy crews. Let's them know right where to go to empty ships out."<br/>
<br/>
"Now is the time to finalize what forces we're going to be trying to deploy for this," Colonel Gabriel Derosa mused. "We are ready and willing to aid the boarding in any way we can."<br/>
<br/>
"We may well need the Guard to be as fresh as possible once we hit New Meridian, Colonel," Graves pursed his lips. "We managed to transfer a goodly portion of the crews off our own destroyed ships before they were completely destroyed, and that includes the void armsmen. We can sustain more casualties than usual, based around that."<br/>
<br/>
"What of you, Gabriel," Adrastia asked tersely, now having been forced to a medicae bed and be pumped with a significant quantity of high quality medicine to remain conscious. "How successful were your efforts at healing?"<br/>
<br/>
"I can now safely say that, aside from Brother Diomedes, we stand fully ready to assault the enemy vessels," Gabriel said calmly. "Codicier Aeneas and Epistolary Idmon have been revived as well."<br/>
<br/>
There was a noticeable lowering of tension in the shoulders of many of those present. While many of the Blood Ravens had fallen, their presence, their skill, was still incredibly valuable.<br/>
<br/>
"Do we know which ship actually holds the leader of these xenos?" Graves now asked.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Piercing the Veil: 21</b><br/>
<br/>
"Unfortunately, the Warp in this system is growing increasingly chaotic, and our Chief Librarian cannot seem to pierce it at the moment," Gabriel shook his head. "There will be few outward physical signs on the ships, as well. Saharduin follow the philosophy of all ships appearing the same to reduce the effectiveness of decapitation strikes," then he grimaced as he recalled something else he'd learned from the records. "Furthermore, records show that once they achieve a certain heightened frenzy state they continue attacking until they are dead or the enemy is."<br/>
<br/>
"That about tracks with our own records in the cogitators," Graves sighed. "I can't believe Segmentum command thought it was better to simply corral their worlds rather than actually exterminate them."<br/>
<br/>
"The Space Wolves were called away before they could complete their work during the Great Crusade...and then were never able to return. It took many centuries for the xenos to regain their strength, and the Imperium struck them down once again...before being forced to stop before total annihilation could be achieved. Four ork WAAAGH!s, two Eldar incursions, and a spat of over a dozen minor xeno aggression incidents were the cause," Justinian added in as he slowly entered the strategium, clearly still a little exhausted after his work in the apothecarium. "The resources could not be spared to ensure extermination. The Administratum decided that it would be more cost effective to station guards and focus on ending more direct and ongoing threats."<br/>
<br/>
"Are you well, Justinian?" Gabriel asked, gaining a raised hand from Justinian in turn as he leaned against the actuality sphere projector.<br/>
<br/>
"Well enough to fight," was the tired response.<br/>
<br/>
"Let us correct, then, the mistakes of the past in some small measure here and now," Adrastia grunted.<br/>
<br/>
"The question remains, then, how we try to do this."<br/>
<br/>
"If our ships were better repaired, I'd be more willing to get in close, but I'd rather try for lighting strikes after taking down their shields, possibly some troop transports if we can disable some of their point defenses," Graves said unhappily.<br/>
<br/>
"If I could make a suggestion?" Gabriel Derosa spoke, waiting until eyes had turned to him. "Chapter Master, you said that the <i>Litany's</i> void shields were once more at full capacity?"<br/>
<br/>
"That is correct, Colonel."<br/>
<br/>
"It might...distress, the tech-priests, but if certain parameters on speed and entry on the battle barge's boarding pods and assault rams were altered, would not that allow non-Astartes to utilize them?"<br/>
<br/>
A dead silence was the most immediate response.<br/>
<br/>
"It could certainly ensure that our own ships would be at less risk," Graves mumbled.<br/>
<br/>
"We do not, admittedly, possess the full theoretical compliment of battle brothers with us to make use of them otherwise," Gabriel admitted. "There would be dangers, however, due to lack of training and acclimatization, even altering certain speeds in the launch procedure. It would be <i>highly </i>unorthodox."<br/>
<br/>
"But it could be done," the Meridian native insisted. "Theoretically."<br/>
<br/>
"Theoretically," Gabriel echoed.<br/>
<br/>
"We need to decide, and quickly," Adrastia cut in, gritting her teeth as another wave of pain clearly washed through her. "We cannot simply hang back and let them prepare further for us, or do who knows what else. Graves can hang his ships back with the troop transports and utilize their lance arrays at long range, the Blood Ravens can use their own boarding methods, supplemented by the void armsmen that would have been used in the first place, and we'll get this done quickly."<br/>
<br/>
Graves very carefully did not look towards the irate wounded Inquisitor's projected image on the hololith.<br/>
<br/>
"And of you, Inquisitor?" Gabriel elected to take the plunge as the other commanders remained silent.<br/>
<br/>
"The <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> will join in the fighting, we shall attempt to keep their shields down for boarding procedures," she responded drolly. "Worry not, Gabriel. I might not be conscious for it, but Captain Carlyle is extremely good at his job."<br/>
<br/>
Ten ships of the xenos, already now shifting into something somewhat familiar as 'swarm formation secundus' by the reckoning of the cogitators accessing old files. They were running very, very short on time. A single squad of tactical marines could, perhaps, try to take a ship, each. As could a single squad of terminators, at least to take down the engines and shut them down impermanently. Then there were the numerous void armsmen of the Imperial Navy. There were sections of the ships that would be underwater, yes, but void armsmen were equipped for situations where there was no oxygen or artifical gravity by simple virtue of the fact of that being a major and regular risk for their combat theatres. The same went for those equipped in power armor. Gabriel himself would be able to join in, though his weakened and damaged bionics would hinder him significantly. The Librarius could aid as well...especially with Idmon and Aeneas once more back on their feet, Lucan having rested significantly and was no longer at risk of burning himself out. Gabriel considered all of this, as well as the presence of the dreadnoughts, and thought furiously as the actuality sphere projected the ever shortening distance to the enemy. To battle.<br/>
<br/>
<u>What Are Your Choices, Chapter Master Angelos?:</u><br/>
<i>Moratorium = 12 Hours</i><br/>
<br/>
[] Go Along With Colonel Derosa's Suggestion: Allow the damaged Imperial Navy ships to remain back, load up the ships of the Blood Ravens with Imperial Navy void armsmen, and utilize the superior durability and boarding capabilities of the astartes vessels.<br/>
OR<br/>
[] Refuse: To simply allow so many non-Blood Ravens upon your sacred ships would be extremely inappropriate. Admiral Graves can still contribute by sending forth his troop transports after the point defenses of the enemy ships have been either destroyed or shut down.<br/>
<br/>
AND<br/>
<br/>
[] Leapfrog Approach: Board and crush the crews of the xenos ships, one at a time. This will ensure that you manage to gain at least some ships under your control, should the battles go well, but some of the Saharduin ships will need to be destroyed as they continue pushing, most certainly. Especially if they attempt to head for the troop transports.<br/>
[] All Out Assault: It will spread you thin, but you could potentially try to board as many Saharduin ships as possible at once. It will be dangerous, but if successful, will surely win more of the ships captured for your purposes.<br/>
-[] If Chosen, How Should The Blood Ravens Deploy Per Each of the 10 Ships. EX: 10 Terminators To 1 Ship/1 Squad of Blood Ravens to 1 Ship/Epistolary Idmon and X Codiciers/Lexicani To 1 Ship/Etc.<br/>
[] Something Else: Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Forces</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><u>Blood Ravens</u><br/>
<b>1st Company</b><br/>
SC Spiraling Fury<br/>
1 Gladius<br/>
1 Hunter Destroyer<br/>
<b>5th Company</b><br/>
BB Litany of Fury [Bombardment Cannon Non-Operational, Majority of Weapon Arrays Destroyed]<br/>
SC Rage of Erudition<br/>
SC The Great Father’s Fist<br/>
7 Escorts (x3 Gladius, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Reminder of Blood Raven Forces:</u><br/>
10 1st Company Marines in Terminator Armor, Chief Librarian Justinius, Epistolary Lucan, Epistolary Idmon, Codicier Aeneas (+12 Codiciers, 10 Lexicanum, 11 Telepathica Recruit Lexicanum)<br/>
37 5th Company Marines, including Command Squad, 3 Dreadnoughts including Captain Davian Thule.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Apollo Diomedes Requires Master of the Forge or Senior Techmarines To Forge The Bionics Required To Return To Battle-Capable State, But Will Not Require Dreadnought Internment. Remains In Suspended Animation Until Then. <br/>
<br/>
Gabriel Angelos Conscious, Lack of Senior Tech-Marine or Master of the Forge Means Bionics Unable To Be Fully Repaired. (Combat Capacity 65%)</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Confirmed Blood Raven Losses</u>:<br/>
Honor Guard Captain Doukas Laskaris (Relic <i>Bloodtalon </i>Destroyed) (Single Gene-Seed Recovered, +1 Gene-Seed)<br/>
Apothecary Falkor Ryll (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
Chaplain Uther Volkoss (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
3 Honor Guard (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
4 Lexicanum (Gene-Seed Recovered, +8 Gene-Seed)<br/>
3 Codiciers (Gene-Seed Recovered, +6 Gene-Seed)<br/>
5th Company Chaplain Tarion (Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+3 Gene-Seed Recovered, 1 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
1st Company Assault Terminator Sergeant Minos (2 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
9 1st Company Marines In Terminator Armor (18 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
34 5th Company Marines (50 Gene-Seed Recovered, 18 Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
5 Lexicanum (10 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
2 Codiciers (4 Gene-Seed Destroyed In Battle)<br/>
2 5th Company Marines (+4 Gene-Seed Recovered)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Navy:</u><br/>
1 An Emperor-class Battleship (Minor Damage) (Interceptor Compliment Down By 1/3)<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers (Minor Damage)<br/>
5 Frigates (Minor Damage)<br/>
20 Troop Transports (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces) / 1 Galaxy-class Troop Transport (Carrying Imperial Guard Forces)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Guard:</u><br/>
<ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">15 Meridian Consolidated Imperial Guard Regiments (5 Infantry/5 Mechanized Infantry/5 Armored) [1 Regiment's Worth of Casualties Evenly Spread Amongst The 5 Infantry Regiments]</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Kauravan Superheavy Armored Formation - 15<i> Lucius-Pattern</i> Baneblades of Kaurava Attached To Armored Meridian Regiment, commanded by Colonel Stubbs of Kaurava</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Meridian Storm Trooper Regiment (10th Meridian Consolidated)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Inquisitorial Storm Trooper Regiment (Ordo Hereticus) [Extremely Minor Casualties]</li>
</ul><u>Inquisition</u><br/>
1 Inquisitorial Grand Cruiser, Vengeance-class <i>Sword of Reckoning</i> (Custom Variant, Heavily Modified)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Imperial Ship Losses:</u><br/>
All Fire Ships<br/>
2 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
4 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
5 Frigates</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Confirmed Enemy Slain</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><ul>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Nascent Forge World Opux Maxima: Enemy Populace Estimated At 1.2 Billion (Including Menials, Hereteks, Magos Hereteks, Skitarii, Obliterators, Daemon-Machines, Chaos Knights, Tanks, Artillery, Experimentals, etc.)</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Fabricator-General Drakis</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">Black Legion Sorcerer Lord Melphas</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">3 Lesser Black Legion Sorcerers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">322 Black Legion Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">125 Black Legion Veteran Chaos Space Marines</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">24 Khornate Berserkers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">2.2 Million Dark Mechanicus Menials</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Hereteks</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">1 Dark Mechanicus Magos 01b7, Master of Forge-Hive 01b7</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">5,000 Gene-Hound Shocktrooper Abominations</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">25,0000~ Heavy Combat Servitors</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">300,000~ Dark Mechanicus Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">10,000~ Dark Mechanicus Elite Skitarii</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">20,000~ Cultist Troopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">7000 Elite Cultist Stormtroopers</li>
<li data-xf-list-type="ul">100 Soulrend Obliterators</li>
</ul></div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>
  </body>
</html>