<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 15: To Rise From Ash And Blood</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 15: To Rise From Ash And Blood</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Voted Plan</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">[X] Plan Let's Get This Done!<br/>
[X] Supplementary: Now that the Mechanicus has begun to land its own forces in extreme concentrations, led by things such as Fellblades and their more advanced weaponry and troops, they are leading their own expeditions out into Aerus to attack the daemonforges, strike down newly spawned quasi-titans, and generally other such things. In point of fact, they are practically leading the charge with both potency and quantity of forces. You should not allow yourself to be left behind, of course. Why not dedicate your own forces to fighting alongside their own as they go about their work?<br/>
-[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes ,Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun<br/>
-[X] Chapter Master's Honor Guard<br/>
-[X] 1st Company<br/>
-[X] 5th Company<br/>
-[X] Land Raider Phobos <i>Litany of Purgation</i>, Land Raider Crusader <i>Tarantulus Ultima</i>, Vindicator, 2 Whirlwind, 2 Razorback (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons), 1 Razorback (Twin-Linked Plasma Guns) [+Lascannon], 2 Predator, Predator (Twin-Linked Lascannons), 4 Rhinos, 3 Razorbacks (Twin-Linked Heavy Bolter), 3 Landspeeders, 2 Landspeeders (Tempest)<br/>
-[X] All Tarantula Sentry Guns<br/>
-[X] Permanently Assign Iron Halo'es to Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Marcus Crixus, Tarkus Varianus.<br/>
<br/>
[X] Gabriel Angelos – Chapter Master<br/>
-[X] A thought as struck you to negotiate with the Adeptus Mechanicus for use of their manufactorums in some small part of production value much like what you possess in deals with the masters of Angel Forge. Have you not greately contributed to the reclamation of this very world? Are not your brothers, even now, somewhere with one of their Explorator Fleets? (BP/Turn Value Possible To Be Gained Unknown)<br/>
-[X] Now that you know that Aralakh's commanders are at the least somewhat willing to accept the aid of the Blood Ravens due to the sheer casualties they are taking from the Hrud Infestation, you might contribute some measure of your forces to them if you should wish to - Hadrian's rather imaginative application of your orders aside.<br/>
--[X] Have Librarians (and Codicier Nero if he available) search for where Hadrian can do the most good with the Fleet, without too much risk. If the results are inconclusive, Hadrian should use his best judgement<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Hunting Down Vandis - Governor Derosa has been delivered information from the Telepathica, surprisingly enough. Signals bearing his name have echoed out from the Cairos System, which at the moment is a total unknown to you. Perhaps it would be best to send those who can scout properly, in stealth and secret, or maybe he has a bastion there demanding unrelenting force? It is unknown, but as a thief of your own relics, he must be found...and interrogated.<br/>
--[X] Captain Cyrus Octavius, Brother Kaius Jacobus, Codicier Nero Achillian<br/>
---[X] Use Nero's farsight to assist<br/>
----[X] Assign Gift of the Seraphim to Kaius Jacobus<br/>
--[X] Tenth Company<br/>
-[X] Assign:<br/>
--[X] The Howling Hatred to Tenth Company Fleet<br/>
--[X] Brother Hamul to First Company (Company Champion)<br/>
---[X] Give Hamul the Flesh Tearer's Pride and the Pistol of Baal<br/>
--[X] Chaplain Uther to Honor Guard (Chaplain)<br/>
--[X] 4 First Company Veterans to Honor Guard<br/>
<br/>
[X]Training With Apollo<br/>
-[X] Weapon Skill<br/>
[X] Train Your Chapter<br/>
-[X] Main: Ballistic Skill<br/>
--[X] Macharius Sicarius<br/>
-[X] Secondary: Weapon Skill<br/>
--[X] Apollo Diomedes<br/>
-[X] Secondary: Agility<br/>
--[X] Kaius Jacobus<br/>
<br/>
-[X] Probalis – Chief Librarian<br/>
--[X] Scry for optimal position of Chapter and Mechanicus forces<br/>
<br/>
[X] Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary<br/>
-[X] Implant second stage Neophytes and Psyker Neophytes with gene-seed (17 gene-seed)<br/>
<br/>
[X] Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge<br/>
-[X] 5 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Hyperion AA)(50BP)<br/>
-[X] 5 Tarantula Sentry Gun (Twin-Linked Assault Cannons) (50BP)<br/>
-[X] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
--[X] The Litany Of Fury [50/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn (150BP)<br/>
<br/>
[X] Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits<br/>
-[X] Lead the Tenth in the search for Gregor Vandis</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>To Rise From Ash And Blood<br/>
+010.M42+ To +015.M42+<br/>
+<i>Our War Is Eternal</i>+</b>​</div> <br/>
“And that,” Theodosia booms, “IS THAT!”<br/>
<br/>
Atop the <i>Last Scream Of Aerus</i>, as the now shattered Imperator-sized mass of warp touched scrap metal and machinery had been named, the vaguely dreadnought shaped Magos Prime cuts an admittedly imposing figure. Or perhaps it is the multiple tons of hyper advanced weaponry that bedecks her frame that is what could be more intimidating to the foes of mankind. To be sure, the fact that multiple missile launchers, assault cannons, plasma calivers, heavy flamers, and a greater number of weapons that you know not the names for is also likely to do the same. She whirls, somewhat slowly, to face you with the great bulk of her metallic figure, pneumatics hissing under the weight of her weaponry and armor, and though you cannot actually see any part of her that resembles a face anymore amidst all the weaponry she sounds cheerful.<br/>
<br/>
“CHAPTER MASTER!” she greets, “A GLORIOUS BATTLE IN THE NAME OF THE OMNISSIAH!!!”<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed,” you answer with a comparatively much quieter response. “With this, the last of Aerus has finally been pacified.”<br/>
<br/>
Five years. Five years of grueling battle. You had fought alongside the Mechanicum throughout them all, space marines shedding blood alongside the servants of the Omnissiah, and witnessing such things as you have never before. A greater abundance of advanced weaponry you have rarely seen, only to be matched by the necron and eldar. Conversion weaponry, grav guns and plasma fusils and plasma blasters, and far more. You witnessed the Baneblade of Zerann brought onto the field to join it’s Fellblade cousin, both of which dwarfed the two land raiders that fought alongside them all the same. If anything, it was almost humbling to be but aid in a war against a maddened world while the Mechanicus led the way.<br/>
<br/>
And yet, even then, not all had been successful. Blood Ravens had fallen, not just injured but brought to a point beyond the ability of a dreadnought to preserve. Dozens and dozens of tanks have been irreparably lost, melted to slag. The 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Meridian Consolidated, at the end of five years, has been reduced to a mere ¼ of its original strength. Those that remain are hard-bitten veterans of a fight wherein combat was daily, who have scoured themselves of traitors and mutating brethren time and again with the aid of your own brothers, that of your Chaplains and their priests. But from that core of veterans shall come, in time, a greater whole than there was before. It is something to perhaps take some heart in. Unlike Isador, without hope for mankind, you know that it would have fallen long ago.<br/>
<br/>
“AS TO YOUR REQUEST,” Theodosia stomps from side to side, the sheer size of her form making even simple pacing a rather thunderous affair, “…I ACCEPT YOUR REASONING! IT IS LOGICAL!”<br/>
<br/>
Then a great scattering of binary booms out from her various speakers, and a servitor that would be wholly clerical based on its onboard equipment save for the multiple gun-limbs sticking out of it to accompany its pen and parchment trundles forth on treads. With a vague amount of ceremony, it jerkily bows to both you and Theodosia before scrawling out a rather lengthy amount of text upon its sheaf in what appears to be alternatively be black oil, blood, or both. After a few moments, the rest of your Chapter assembling in the background to observe as you stand atop the corpse of the titan alongside the leader of the Mechanicus on this world, it finishes.<br/>
<br/>
“FOR YOUR AID, BOTH IN FORCES CONTRIBUTED,” and here she lowers her voice to a mere shout, “As well as consistent near-personal sacrifice of your greatest of champion and yourself,” and then she scales back up to bone-rattling volume, “SO SWEAR I, ARCHIMANDRITE OF ZERANN 52X1 AND ARCHMAGOS PRIME AND NOW DECLARANT RULER FABRICATOR GENERAL OF AERUS, THAT A PACT IS FORGED IN OIL AND BLOOD AND BROTHERHOOD BETWEEN FELLOW SEEKERS OF KNOWLEDGE AND DESTROYERS OF TECHNO-HERESY!”<br/>
<br/>
Then, to your utter bemusement, the tiniest and most delicate of handling appendages comes from a slot just beneath one of her still smoking assault cannons to take up the quill and sign upon the last portion of the newly written treaty before offering it to you. In turn, you do the same, and once complete the entire sheaf is rolled up and presented to you with another jerky bow of the servitor that then retreats. With that completed and done with, the now apparently Fabricator-General of Aerus turns back to you, some of her weapons now slowly receding into the depths of her behemoth body.<br/>
<br/>
“You shall taste of my forges until time such as our pact is broken, or our world destroyed,” she says with such suddenly calm and quiet words that your still ringing ears need a moment to register them. “How can I do anything less for ones who have aided us so well? Just LOOK AT THIS GRAVITON CANNON,” she suddenly booms, and then said weapon abruptly emerges from her chassis, and she wriggles it slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“I thank you, Fabricator-General Theodosia, for your benevolence in this matter.”<br/>
<br/>
“YOU ARE WELCOME!”<br/>
<br/>
As she turns to leave, she then suddenly swings about once more.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah,” she murmurs, which for her equates to somewhere between a shout and a raised voice, “You are aware that my world, long ago, once supplied weapons to the Legions of the Great Crusade?”<br/>
<br/>
“…yes?”<br/>
<br/>
“Your Master of Forges, Martellus, I have heard his charming devotion to the machine whenever he descends to maintain or take with him his for turrets for repair,” she stomps a bit closer almost conspiratorially, “I would grant him something, if he desires it.”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh?” you lean back slightly so that she does not brain you with her various weapon emplacements.<br/>
<br/>
“We have discovered for ourselves two small caches of the noble Rapier mobile weapons platform, amidst the ruins as we went about our repairs. They were,” she growls, “Nearly destroyed when we reached them, and already we have found signs of more advanced things being lost as we advanced together across Aerus, but no matter!”<br/>
<br/>
She looms over you.<br/>
<br/>
“For your service, your aid, and in respect of the one who shows such <i>devotion</i> and <i>care</i> to the machine, I would grant you access to one of them.”<br/>
<br/>
You have honestly never heard of the things, which is certainly a rare occurrence for you. Even so.<br/>
<br/>
“I thank you once more, Fabricator-General,” you bow your head.<br/>
<br/>
“I HAVE BEEN GRANTED MY OWN FORGEWORLD, Chapter Master,” she chortles which sounds <i>extremely</i> disquieting as it emanates from her speakers, “A WAR TO KEEP IT, LIKELY A WAR TO KEEP IT PURE. WHAT MORE COULD A MAGOS PRIME WANT FOR?”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">=================================<br/>
[Training With Apollo – Weapon Skill From 7 to 8: 142+39+Apollo(29)=210/800]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Ballistic Skill From 4 to 5: 341+99+Macharius(25)=465/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Weapon Skill From 4 to 5: 26+42+Apollo(29)=97/500]<br/>
[Chapter Training – Agility From 4 to 5: 94+49+Kaius(25)=168/500]​</div> <br/>
The return to the <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> is a joyful one, to be sure. For five years your brothers have been on Aerus, and now may return to their quarters outside of the aesthetic of Aerus. They may return to consecrated shrines in your ships, receive and confess to the Chaplains in the proper places, and allow their arms and armors to be truly cleaned of the filth and grime put onto them by the constant battling of warp-corrupted machinery and its cybernetic monstrosities. Yet there is no rest for the Angels of Death in any long-term sense, as you sit in your own quarters and slowly go through the information that has been collected for you by your leadership. Training will continue regardless, and does so as the newfound experience upon Aerus is further refined within the minds and hearts of the Blood Ravens.<br/>
<br/>
The Hrud Infestation has been defeated, and the worlds now reclaimed. Many a Magos Biologis and members of the Eccelsiarchy have been called to bless the soil and cleanse it of whatever it is that the Hrud leave behind them as well as lead and assist in reconstruction efforts of the colonies. A moderate amount of that success is due to the sophisticated weaponry that your ships possess in terms of orbital support which certainly outweighed the less accurate and less powerful weaponry possessed by the Imperial Navy which allowed the Guard to advance further and further against the Hrud. That is not to say that things were not fierce in their fighting, of course,<br/>
<br/>
That stalwart man, consistent ally of the Imperium and the Blood Ravens, Colonel Merrick, was aged into almost right into retirement by the vagaries of the Hrud’s monstrous entropic field before finally disappearing on a particularly violent battlefield. Indeed, much of if not all of the 85<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Vendoland has been rendered dead or useless, all aged to a point of combat ineffectiveness. Many of them have died of now age related causes, such as heart failure or dementia or simply in their sleep, and those that remain are now most certainly retired on the worlds they fought and died to save. Colonel Merrick himself on the other hand, has not been seen since his disappearance as he plunged into the heart of a hrud formation at the biological age of 107 years old while carrying an entire heavy bolter by himself against them.<br/>
<br/>
He will be remembered. For all that he was no space marine, he fought with skill and strength against forces that would have destroyed lesser men and indeed slew many a space marine besides. Against Chaos, against the Tyranids, against Orks and Eldar as well, he fought and lived. There are still stories told by Tarkus and Cyrus of the brave Imperials who braved the heart of the tyranid-held territories of Tython Primaris alongside them. That they were brought down by the Hrud, so many to but age and time rather than battle itself is enough to bring a rage even to you, for such an ignoble end to so many noble men and women. It is that, surely, the threat of dying in a bed with the skin sagging off of him, which drove Merrick to lead that charge despite the effects upon him it would surely cause. That his final charge broke the Hrud and sent them into retreat is but one more accolade to surely be heaped upon him. As a gift from the last of the 'Crazy Riders' who were still in possession of their senses and not so old as to be entrapped within abodes for those of their advanced age, did they in what is perhaps an almost insane amount of fatalistic devil-may-care secrecy gift unto your Chapter some of their secretly looted weaponry of the Hrud, a handful of the mysterious and highly prized <i>Hrud Fusils</i>, which would have if sold to those who slaver over them such as the Officio Assassinorum and the Inquisition surely provided an extremely wealthy retirement for the entire now retired regiment.<br/>
<br/>
As for <i>Vandis</i>, that treacherous blight upon your Chapter, thief of your relics, and likely secret aid to Kyras in his time of corrupting the Chapter, Cyrus sets out with an almost feral eagerness to slay him. The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company, accompanied by a small number of others, slipped into the Subsector Carios where the latest signs of his presence had been found. A largely unexplored area of space, your brothers act not only as hunters but almost as cartographers of all three of the star systems within the Subsector. Within the Pharos system, they find a series of mostly dead worlds, where no life ever evolved. Yet cautious is Cyrus, that he endeavored to investigate them to ensure that they are not heralds of, say, necrons hiding beneath. To his credit, he scoured the system, and while he found the faintest of trails of ships that had passed through, none were of human design. Rather that of orks, in truth, as well as others that were not readily identifiable. Already, though, squabbling has begun over who gets the rights to the mineral wealth present on those worlds, or at least prospecting, between the Mechanicus and the various Imperial powers within Sector Korianis.<br/>
<br/>
It was in the Faiyuum system that near-disaster struck. The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company was flying through the quiet star system, noting a Feral World with a reasonable human populace for others as well as a gas giant and other such things, when they were attacked from nowhere. Eldar corsairs, bearing the black edges and unique weaponry used by those known to you as the Dark Eldar, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company lost two of its escort ships before Cyrus was able to locate the actual location of the attacking enemy vessel and boarded it with the whole of the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company. Some were lost, others were not, as they fought in the shadows and holo-fields natural to the infuriating xenos. In the end, however, he was successful, if only after another frigate was brought down with all hands lost. The 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company refused to cease their search, however, though they then played a deadly game of cat and mouse with other such vessels throughout the star system. Apparently, they have been using the unnamed Feral World below as their own personal playground of terror and pain to feed off of while holding an anchorage in a system that the Imperium has let be for far too long. But the recently repaired strike cruiser <i>The Howling Hatred</i> managed to win the fight, scattering the other ships before it and allowing Cyrus to make a tactical retreat for then.<br/>
<br/>
Leaving those battles for later, and they will come, he then found himself within the Thuum System where he finally found more concrete signs of Vandis. The man himself is nowhere to be seen, but Cyrus scouted out a large mansion and fortress in one upon one of the habitable moons orbiting the single planet - a gas giant - within the system. Upon raiding it, he found much corrupted personnel who had been apparently left abandoned by their master years before, with Chaos symbols liberally covering the place. Brutal yet informative interrogations have revealed even more information. Vandis fled to this secret ‘home away from home’ where he slowly built up his forces to return to retake Aurelia, only to be beaten back once again. From here, in Thuum, he assembled his ships, and fled fearing reprisal almost immediately afterwards, fleeing not into Segmentum Obscurus, as you might have suspected of such a tainted wretch but instead towards the greater untamed wilderness of Segmentum Ultima. Cyrus elected, considering the years that had passed, not to pursue further without further speaking discussion with the rest of the chapter.<br/>
<br/>
On a somewhat brighter note regarding the heresy of his claiming Blood Raven relics for his own, is that some were even recovered by Cyrus from his compound within the Thuum System. Just as last time, and perhaps even more disturbingly, is that they were Terminator armor suits and weapons with them. That he possessed such equipment, so rare and honored, is deeply concerning to you. For more was yet taken from his vaults as he fled, this you know. Was he determined to lord over these things, or was he daring to sell them unto others? Ever suit is a treasure, and the thought of him using them in such a manner is enraging to you in the extreme. Regardless, Cyrus returns, the 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company with him. In an interesting display of his own authority, he has seen fit to speak with Tarkus and have Kaius Jacobus declared a sergeant, his own prowess elevating him despite not possessing decades more experience. Such is his abilities thus far, they say.<br/>
<br/>
But now Cyrus has returned, as has Hadrian, and the Chapter stands united…and victorious! You shall allow the younger members to celebrate, as they should, before you once more plunge into the fires of war. For you have heard the scattered messages from around the Imperium. Armageddon fallen, or perhaps only just about to. Deliverance itself under siege. The increasing amount of daemons and ships which flow from the Eye of Terror battling the forces of Celestine’s Crusade. Orks and Necron and more rising in greater number, all the while the Third Tyrannic War continues to rage across the galaxy, in Tempestus and the southern reaches of Ultima. The Mechanicus reporting to you that they believe they have finally located Kaptin Bluddflag in the depths of the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> with the last of his followers. You are but one Chapter amidst all of this, but you know your duty. You will slay the enemies of the Imperium and protect its peoples until your last breath. That is your duty, given unto you by the Emperor.<br/>
<br/>
And He shall not find you wanting.<br/>
<br/>
<u>010.M42 To 015.M42</u><br/>
- The Howling Hatred assigned to 10<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleet.<br/>
- Test-Slave Gene-Seed Harvests Complete. Largely successful harvest, some failed to mutation during gestation. <b>+75 Gene-Seed from both Harvests combined.</b><br/>
- 4 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Veterans assigned to Honor Guard, Chaplain Uther assigned to Honor Guard, Hamul assigned as 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Champion.<br/>
- 5 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Battle Brothers died in the course of the fighting. <b>+10 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- 20 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Battle Brothers recognized as true Veterans of the Chapter.<br/>
- 4 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Veterans died in the course of the fighting. <b>+8 Gene-Seed</b><br/>
- Forgeworld Aerus and Fabricator-General Theodosia added to relations/contacts.<br/>
- Forgeworld Aerus has granted a full <b>+100 BP/Turn</b> of their forges for the usage of the Chapter so long as a ship of the Chapter is in the same sector to receive such materials.<br/>
- Fabricator-General Theodosia, out of gratitude and appreciation for Martellus’ open devotion and care for the machine, has given you access to some of the Rapiers discovered on Aerus. <i>NOTE</i>: Forgeworld Aerus at this time cannot actually produce these, the designs and STC are lost, as such they are currently irreplaceable if lost. <b>+4 Rapiers (Quad-Heavy Bolters), +2 Rapiers (Laser-Destroyer Array)</b><br/>
- 2 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advance: 2 to Lexicani<br/>
- 15 Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage: Advance: 13 to Scout Marines [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remaining 2 Manifest Psyker mutation post-Gene-Seed implantation, advance 2 to Lexicani instead of Scout Marines. -<b>17 Gene-Seed.</b><br/>
- 4 Lexicani Advance: 3 To Codicier. 1 Executed For Mutation And Corruption.<br/>
- 100 Aspirants Advance: 85 To Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired<br/>
- 85 Neophytes [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Advance: 60 To Neophytes [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage], Remainder Expired. <b>Gene-Seed Implantation Required Immediately</b>.<br/>
- 46 Scouts [1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Stage] Advance: 40 To Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage]<br/>
- 25 Scouts [2<span style="vertical-align:super">nd​</span> Stage] Advance: 25 To Full Battle Brothers Ready For Assignment.<br/>
- Kaius Jacobus [5th Company] is advanced to Sergeant of the 5th Company.<br/>
- Chapter Aid Against Hrud Infestation Of The Caeserion System Has Resulted In Slight Improvements In Relations With Multiple Groups, Check Front Page.<br/>
- 1 Major Favored <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ff0000">Owed</span> </b>- Reclamation of Aerus,<span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b> Fulfilled!</b></span><br/>
- 1 Major Favor <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ffcc00"><b>Held </b></span>Shared Scars (85th Vendoland 'Crazy Riders') <b><span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ff0000">Lost Due To Effective Destruction of 85th Vendoland Regiment</span></b><br/>
- Gifts Of The Lost: The now defunct 85th Vendoland saw fit to honor your Chapter for saving Subsector Aurelia over and over, fighting alongside them, and treating them with a respect rarely seen by Astartes towards Guard regiments. <b>+5 Rare Hrud Fusils, Extremely Valuable Xenos Weaponry Prized By Inquisition and Assasinorum Alike.</b><br/>
 - NEW CRISIS POINTS IDENTIFIED: Dark Eldar Anchorage, The Search For Vandis<br/>
- 10th Company Fleet <span class="fixed-color" style="color:#ff0000"><b>Loses x2 Gladius Frigates, x1 Nova Frigate</b></span> to Dark Eldar Corsairs of Faiyuum System.<br/>
- Advanced Tartaros Pattern Tactical Dreadnought Armour suits of the Blood Ravens recovered! <b>+5 Tartaros Dreadnought Armors Recovered</b><br/>
- Vandis Vault 9B8.2 Looted! <b>+5 Heavy Flamers, +10 Storm Bolters, +5 Cyclone Missile Launchers, +3 Assault Cannons</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Lead Your Chapter (All Technically Available):</u><br/>
[] Further Black Crusade Contributions – Send forces to aid in the Black Crusade, even though Aramus’s presence apparently counts enough for some. (Write-In)<br/>
[] Recall Brothers In The Deathwatch<br/>
- (Specify In Write-In)<br/>
[] Hunting Down Vandis - Vandis has fled further into the Segmentum Ultima. He is a cultist, a heretic, and a purveyor of that which is yours. Each of these is an individual death sentence, but all three at once demands the most violent of retributions towards him. Yet, to leave the Sector behind is a major decision for your forces, who have up until now remained within Sector Korianis as you rebuild your strength. (Write-In Forces Sent Out)<br/>
[] Masters Of Pain And Terror - Cyrus, in his search for Vandis, discovered a small Dark Eldar Anchorage located in the previously unexplored Faiyuum System. One of the most advanced and deadly of foes for the Imperium, your 10th Company Captain lost three of its frigates. They must be dealt with, before they can either hide their Anchorage beyond your ability to locate or relocate entirely. As much force as possible must be used on such agile and deadly foes. First, you will have to find them, then, you must lay siege to their void-fortress wherever it is hiding. (Write-In Forces Sent To Faiyuum System)<br/>
[] Burning Bluddflag - The infamous Kaptin Bluddflag was a terror throughout all of Sector Korianis, and yet now the rampaging Freebooter must be put to the flame. The Mechanicus has invited your chapter once more to the <i>Judgement of Carrion</i> if you should so desire to participate in his killing if you wish. (Write-In Forces)<br/>
[] Bargaining With The Hrud Fusils - Perhaps sensing their own impending deaths would make the wealth of selling the devices meaningless, as well as perhaps being executed for looting them in the first place, you have been given the 85th Vendoland's Hrud Fusil cache. It is highly likely that there are those in the Imperium who would bargain much for such things. Though it would preclude your ability to study or use them for your own purposes.<br/>
- [] Inquisition Minor Favor (Write-In Ordos/Individual Inquisitor)<br/>
- [] Assassinorum Minor Favor (Write-In Temple)<br/>
- [] Mechanicus Minor Favor from Zerann 52X1<br/>
[] Something Else (Write-In)<br/>
[] As your chapter grows once more, it may be time to dedicate those of the 1st Company into becoming the honored Scout Sergeants of the 10th Company, at least one or two to aid the burden of Cyrus as his company's numbers increase.<br/>
[] Assign your newest 25 Battle Brothers to a Company, either the 5th...or perhaps it is time to re-establish another Company? You would have to designate another leader for it. Perhaps Captain Thule would be willing to lead once more? It is not wholly out of the realm of possibility, not something that has never been done before. (Write-In Assignment/Establish A New Company With Captain Thule)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Training With Apollo</u><br/>
Select <b>One</b> Of The Below To Train With Apollo’s Aid<br/>
[] Weapon Skill<br/>
[] Ballistic Skill<br/>
<br/>
<u>Train Your Chapter</u><br/>
The Blood Ravens have lost so many, both fresh blood and veteran. It may aid in the rebuilding of the Chapter for you to work upon them and try to impart the skill and experience that the Blood Ravens of the past once possessed. [Toughness Characteristic Has Reached Its Cap And Can No Longer Be Selected]<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher<br/>
<br/>
[] Select Two Secondary Characteristics (1d50+Trainer Each)<br/>
- [] Specify Teacher(s)<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos</u><br/>
- Remember that Chapter Master Angelos, Chief Librarian Probalis, and Apollo are mighty champions and <i>can</i> be deployed on operations. They need not remain in their ships doing nothing. To have them participate in an operation, it <b>must</b> be specified that they do so.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Nero Gracchus – Chief Apothecary (Choose 2):</u><br/>
[] Implant Test-Slaves with Gene-Seed to harvest in 5 years. Write-In the amount of Gene-Seed you wish to use.<br/>
[] Implant current generation of [2nd Stage] Neophytes with Gene-Seed. Write-In Gene-Seed Implanted.<br/>
[] Write-In<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Nero Gracchus</u><br/>
- The Apothecarium is growing well, the trainees and graduates are a good boon to my efforts. I may even be able to focus all of my efforts on studying our gene-seed soon.<br/>
<b>- Gracchus is currently studying the gene-seed of the Blood Ravens, to perhaps improve survival rates for implantation.</b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Martellus Ravias – Master of the Forge (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Build Order (350 BP Available)<br/>
[] Improve the Forges Of<br/>
-[] The <i>Omnia Arcanum</i> [0/1000] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
-[] The <i>Litany Of Fury</i> [200/500] to receive an additional +50 BP/Turn<br/>
[] Study The Rapier For Potential Learning Of Design To Allow Replication (WARNING: May end up losing some Rapiers as a result of the study) [0/???]<br/>
[] Study The Hrud Fusils For ???? (Warning: May end up losing some Fusils as a result of the study) [0/????]<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of the Forge Ravias</u><br/>
- I could use a few more peers in the forges. Or at least subordinates.<br/>
- The Forges could use improvement, I think. It is not blasphemy against the Omnissiah to improve what facilities we have, increase their capacity and sophistication.<br/>
- We should work to ensure that our ships possess Thunderhawks or some form of strike craft at the least in abundance for defensive and offensive purposes in void and planetary-combat. Especially if we plan on our ships engaging in such in the near future!<br/>
- THE RAPIER! Praise be to the Omnissiah! It is as if a Tarantula Turret which can move and maneuver, greatly increasing its chances of survival! Please, Chapter Master, allow me to study it, to learn its secrets, so that the design is not lost should they be destroyed!<br/>
- Hrud Fusils are prizes indeed. It is said they are an extremely advanced example of symbiosis between melta and plasma weaponry. I could attempt to study them, and discover if they may inspire further secrets of the Omnissiah in their nature - though surely not as if I would be committing to xeno tech-heresy. Obviously.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Cyrus Octavius – Master of Recruits (Choose 1):</u><br/>
[] Enact Blood Trials Upon <b>Two </b>Of Your Viable Recruiting Worlds<br/>
- [] Calderis<br/>
- [] Trontiux III<br/>
- [] Meridian<br/>
- [] Junius<br/>
<br/>
<u>Things To Consider – Master of Recruits</u><br/>
- The only thing that can truly help the 10th Company is time, dedicated time, to train your initiates, neophytes, and scouts.</div>
  </body>
</html>