<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 22 (Part Two): An Unkindness</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 22 (Part Two): An Unkindness</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><b>GM NOTE: </b>As we leap into the rest of the Polonius stuff, the training/neophyte gains/etc. etc. will be collated at at the end so we can focus on this bit first.<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Polonius Divisons</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">--[X] Poloinus Reclamation Crusade - Crusade Assistance (Genestealer-Affliliated)<br/>
---[X] 10th Fleet &amp; Company<br/>
----[X] Scouts without armor are to beheld in reserve until armor has been freed or produced.<br/>
---[X] 1st pick of necessary vehicles as requested by Company leadership. [<b>Zero Vehicles Taken From Armory</b>]<br/>
---[X] Have Trajan Maphar &amp; Librarius support divine for the best opportunities<br/>
<br/>
--[X] Polonius Reclamation Crusade - Slaughra Swarm Extermination (Chaos-Affiliated)<br/>
---[X] Chapter Master Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Master of Sanctity Hannibal Palrun, Chief Librarian Justinius Probalis<br/>
---[X] Honor Guard, 1st Company &amp; Fleet, 4th Company &amp; Fleet, 5th Company &amp; Fleet, all unassigned specialists.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><b>An Unkindness<br/>
+045.M42+ To +050.M42+<br/>
+<i>Never Falter, Never Surrender</i>+</b><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left">"Will someone <i>please</i> tell me why I have Blood Ravens on my battlefield!?" Lord General Cervantes roared, his bolt pistol booming as it sent another of the filthy xenos to the grave. "Did we not, as an act of good will, direct them towards a target 'better befitting their abilities'?!"<br/>
<br/>
His power saber hummed as it cut through another of the Slaughra, and only once the three who had leapt towards him died did he turn to his terrified vox officer. A dozen multicolored eyes glazed over as the tri-legged creatures collapsed, their hard carapaces cracked and splintered by bolter and blade alike. The young man had barely even been able to fire his lasrifle before the General charged foward, his personal retinue of veteran stormtroopers right alongside him. Cervantes, two centuries old and half made entirely from bionics at this point, towered over the younger man who had not yet seen his second decade. Great hisses escaped his body from fluted exhaust ports, the golden aquila on his chest glowing in the heat of the sun which burned overhead. He did not even flinch as a chunk of masonry falling from one of the xeno buildings that surrounded them deep within the xeno hive, though the vox officer certainly did. Around him, hundreds of Imperial Guard charged forth, firing into the defensive lines of the Slaughra who fired back with their own strange bio-weaponry, now known to be at least partially inspired by the disgusting tyranids.<br/>
<br/>
"<i>Well</i>?!" He boomed, looking at the officer. "Get me that boneheaded front-line idiot on the line!"<br/>
<br/>
"Y-yes sir, I-I will contact General Bonaparte immediately," the vox officer mewled, and frantically began tapping and twitching at the dials on the device he carried on his back.<br/>
<br/>
In the meantime, Cervantes turned towards the most recent thing to catch his ire in the past ten minutes, and spat down on the broken pauldron of the Blood Ravens which had almost been completely obscured beneath the smoke and blood filling the air. There was much blood scattered about, but no body, which Cervantes knew for a fact meant that the space marine had gotten away.  With a final vengeful grinding of his augmetic leg against it, shredding the remaining ceramite entirely, he turned about to hear as the vox crackled.<br/>
<br/>
"General Cervantes, what can I do for you," Bonaparte's nasally voice was clogged, either with phlegm or blood, but Cervantes didn't particularly care to find out.<br/>
<br/>
"Blood Ravens, Bonaparte. There are <i>Blood Ravens</i> on my Emperor-be-damned battlefield!" Cervantes snarled. "The bastards are here, now, and I swear to the God-Emperor if their incessant actions ruin our battle plan I am going to give <i>hell</i> to that Chapter Master of theirs! Or whoever the hell is in command of that bunch of mongrels here on-world!"<br/>
<br/>
"You do your brother's memory credit, sir. I'm sure you would succeed where he failed on Meridian," Bonaparte was barely audible under the sound of an explosion nearby drowning almost everything else out. "Ah. The...Blood Ravens appear to have destroyed the enemy supply depot that we were assaulting. Or at least most of it, given the fires. Excuse me, my eardrums have ruptured from the nearness of the explosion, I cannot hear. I shall attend to the medicae, and see if anything can be done."<br/>
<br/>
The vox clicked off, and Cervantes' face purpled in fury. Once upon a time, there might have been a healthier fear for the space marines who even now skulked across the planet, but that had been dashed away quite well by the advent of Kyras and the arrival of the Inquisition. They had <i>faltered</i>, they had <i>failed</i>, they had <i>murdered</i>. The greater majority had been corrupted, and so what could be pleasantly said about the remnants? Nothing good, for Cervantes, nothing good whatsoever. He swore to the God-Emperor, then throttled that rage into purpose as he demanded an ever greater acceleration to the conquest of the world, and the extermination of every last Slaughra bioform. It would not be the last time that the Blood Ravens utterly ruined his timetables, or that of the other commanders, and it would not be the last time that they caused logistical nightmares as a result as targets disappeared, materials sent to one location were suddenly needed in another as a new avenue suddenly opened up, and worse. The Blood Ravens had come.<br/>
<br/>
But they were not welcomed.<br/>
<br/>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Slaughra Swarm (Z04X)</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content"><b>Libarius Scrying And Planning: 34. Negligible Effects.<br/>
Going Against Sector Command Wishes: 17. Exceedingly Irritated Local/Sector Command. Effects: Communication Breakdown/Aloofness.<br/>
10th Company Efforts: 98! Critical Success. Effects: Extremely Deleterious Effects To Swarm defenses! <br/>
Conquest Progress: <br/>
Slaughra Capital World - 27% Imperial, 73% Slaughra <br/>
Slaughra Ice World - 18% Imperial, 82% Slaughra <br/>
Slaughra Desert World - 30% Imperial, 70% Slaughra <br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Primaris  - 20% Imperial, 80% Slaughra <br/>
Slaughra 'Civilized' World Secundus - 33% Imperial, 67% Slaughra <br/>
Z04X Space Control: Contested - Imperials Somewhat Dominant, Swarm (A) In Full Retreat Over Theater, Swarm (B) Assaulting Both</b></div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
<u><b>Decisions For 10th Company (Choose One):</b></u><br/>
[] Focus On Civilian Centers - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. But this is not a simple military crusade, it is a total reclamation of worlds that should be for humanity's purposes, not the alien. Once, ages ago, they were, and now, they will be again. Thus, genocide. The vast majority of the Swarm, like many species, are either not military or being conscripted. As time goes on, this will continue. The more conscripts there are, the harder the fight will be. It would be better to kill them before they are properly armed, and to hopefully also cause significant morale damage.<br/>
[] Focus On Military Targets - The Imperial Guard, Imperial Navy, Trontiux Knights, and a Titan Legion are all focused largely on breaking the military capabilities of the Swarm. The Blood Ravens can aid in this, for there are few amongst any of those mighty forces who can manage the same stealth and capabilities of a properly trained and equipped scout. The more military positions, bases, supply dumps, barrier towers, shield towers, and more that are taken down, the faster the military will be destroyed, and thus, the faster the military can properly begin exterminating the civilian populace of the Slaughra.<br/>
[] Something Else - (Write-In)<br/>​</div><div style="text-align: center">========================================​</div><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Imperial Navy Arrival</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Imperial Navy Efforts: 55<br/>
Daemonships: 23<br/>
Swarm Ships: 5<br/>
Lost Rosetta Boarding Parties: 84</div>
</div>
</div>
</div> <br/>
The great majority of the Chapter slid out of the warp to a scene of carnage in the void. Tumbling through the darkness, in-depth sensor scans reveal the presence of multiple utterly destroyed Slaughra vessels, with numerous fully possessed daemonships of xeno design burning out entirely. Warpflesh is already melting off of metal and circuitry, no longer capable of maintaining their shapes without the guiding daemonic intelligence behind them. Even so, what remains must be destroyed utterly lest it taint anyone or anything else. Something that is already occurring as you arrive, small flotillas of cruisers doing their best to spread out and destroy all they can presumably before the Swarm returns with renewed strength. Already the advanced sensor arrays that your ships possess bounce across the system,​</div><div style="text-align: center">​</div><div style="text-align: left">"Chapter Master, we are being hailed by the lead vessel," Hadrian speaks from the command throne, his eyes glazed over from the myriad streams of information that he's processing.<br/>
<br/>
"Open communications, Hadrian."<br/>
<br/>
Flickering into shape by holo-image, you are greeted by the sight of a remarkably scarred and muscular man with numerous medals pinned to his chest from the waist up. To his side is the bloody dervish that is the Canoness Superior of the whole of the Order of the Lost Rosetta, Margaret Tenenbaum. The former smiles at the sight of you, though it is a small one, and makes a short bow. Margaret does neither of these, and instead simply narrows her eyes as she glares imperiously. Hatred burns in that one as easily as blood pulses through her veins. Flecks of blood are on her face already, and if you are not mistaken you can hear the crackle of her fist's power fields. Her once shoulder length hair is gone, cut short, likely to even it out after she was set aflame during her battles in Zemel. Yet it is not her, but the Admiral who speaks first, one hand folding behind his back while the other rests easily on the hilt of his saber.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master Angelos, I am Admiral Graves of Battlefleet Korianis. I bid you welcome to the fight."<br/>
<br/>
"Admiral," you nod to him, "Canoness."<br/>
<br/>
Margaret doesn't quite sneer at you, and instead appears to struggle and barely manage a slight upwards jerk of her chin.<br/>
<br/>
"As you can see, we have scattered the initial fleet sent against us, and well enough that they've been forced into a defensive posture over their worlds," Graves' image shrinks slightly as a map of the system blinks into being, numerous targeting symbols upon it and the worlds present. "Though as of yet, we've been unable to make any approach upon their daemonworld just yet. The defenses there are simply too strong for us to make an approach. Instead, I would recommend that we-,"<br/>
<br/>
"Skulk about," Margaret interrupts, growling and rolling her eyes simultaneously. "Poking at the other four worlds and simply hoping that they will exercise enough strength upon defending <i>those</i> places so that the Blood Ravens might swoop in and send their scouts forth, sabotage the defenses, and unleash Exterminatus upon that tainted world, breaking their leadership instantly."<br/>
<br/>
Graves blinks at her almost owlishly.<br/>
<br/>
"Something approaching that, yes. Though I also would point out that that is not necessarily what we have to accomplish here, merely harry the enemy present, weakening their forces, until it is possible for the rest of Sector Command and Battlefleet Korianis to come here and complete the extermination," he raises an eyebrow at her flickering image, "We are not required to completely destroy the enemy here - and I'll remind you that we are here to <i>claim</i> the remaining four worlds present. Even if they will require much purifying, four new worlds for the Imperium's use cannot be denied."<br/>
<br/>
Margaret glares at him, the sound of her grinding teeth audible through the comm.<br/>
<br/>
"If you have not noticed yet, Admiral, they have none of their 'vaunted' scouts for your plan to work," she sweeps a hand out at you, one finger from a powerfist pointing, "There is no evidence of their 10th Company in the fleet they have brought. As such, it is <i>my</i> course which shall be what we must fall to. All four of the Swarmworlds must fall before we are able to move onto their capital world. If we do not, then they will surely utilize the damned sorceries of Chaos against us, doing who knows what, potentially even summoning new forces forth from the warp itself!"<br/>
<br/>
"All the while, milady," Graves rebuffs her, "They will be allowed to build up their forces on their daemonworld all the same. I will not sacrifice the fleet I have been given to utterly spread out across this entire system. And lest I remind you again, you do <i>not</i> command my ships here, and it is by Cardinal Huberto's request only that I ferried so many of your sisters forth."<br/>
<br/>
"Then don't," Margaret raises her arms in mock surrender, "Send them only to the worlds where we are going, and let the Blood Ravens pick their own targets. They have a fleet, do they not?"<br/>
<br/>
Grave's frowns at her, rubbing at his chin.<br/>
<br/>
"There is no possible way for us to exterminate them all."<br/>
<br/>
"We do not need to, at the moment, though be assured that we shall partake in such glorious xenocide when the time comes," Margaret's voice is breathily reverent at the thought, "We need only break them. Shatter their shipyards, break their fleets, and crush their strongest military bases along the ground. Enough that they cannot resist us when we move upon the daemonworld."<br/>
<br/>
Graves huffs and turns to you.<br/>
<br/>
"What are <i>your</i> thoughts, Chapter Master?"<br/>
<br/>​</div>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="World Information" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				World Information said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<u>Swarmworld Kappa:</u> The world clearly dedicated to Khorne. Their cities are massive alien arenas, where bloodsport is constant, the aliens engraving the symbols of Chaos into their own carapaces as they fight longer and harder. The most successful are powerful champions of Chaos, it is clear, and they favor the close combat of their chosen God's favor. While there are plenty of factories present here as targets to be struck, where Slaughra arms and abominations are churned out, they are far fewer than on any other world. The primary 'tithe', if one could consider it such, is purely warrior stock meant for the Slaughra Swarm's armies. Their defenses are horrific biological monstrosities, formed into the shapes of turrets and roving patrol beasts, vomiting warp energies forth in a horrifying mirror to the same bio-mechanical technologies of their cousin sect of the Swarm against whom they have fought for quite some time. There is no central leader here, no main powerbase, nothing but pure numbers against which the Slaughra have industrialized training and raising armies, great rituals of bloodletting allowing for rapid breeding as time goes on. Each arena-city appears to possess strange bone and skull towers from which great warp energies crackle, perhaps as a shield or weapon though it is uncertain at this time.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Swarmworld Theta:</u> Little information is possible to be gained of the world dedicated to Tzeentch. Vast crystalline spires arc up into the atmosphere and just beyond, from which a great blanket storm covers the entire surface from view and sensors - clearly sorcerous in nature. Bringing down those spires will take an unknown amount of force and violence, and yet it must be done to reveal the rest of the planet for further conquest. At the least, the most advanced scanning possible has revealed that the planet is not truly a daemonworld just yet, but it will surely become one given enough time and lack of destruction of the Chaotic temples and spires which dot its surface. There is no discernible purpose to this world, unlike with Kappa, Nu, and Sigma. As befitting a world clearly dedicated to the Dark God of such things. Still, an unknown world is one that must be dealt with, and quickly.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Swarmworld Nu:</u> Here is where a great many of the Swarm ships are, and more are being...<i>grown</i> out of a mutated mass of flesh which hangs above the world in torturous existence. Scans show it might once have been a void whale, only now it has been transformed into a mixture of a shipyard and defense platform. Pustules in the shape of turrets that the Librarius has records of in similarly Nurglite-tainted vessels are sprawled across its frame. Smaller ships from escort to cruiser tonnage are clearly being grown out of its body, some form of reverse-parasitism allowing flesh and metal to grow <i>out</i> and into the shape of Slaughra ships. The actual exact shapes may vary wildly, little sign of uniformity amongst the ships other than their origin, but they are ships regardless. Battle data from the battle just fought shows how powerful these ships can be, matching Imperial ships despite their lower technological level with Chaos-tainted 'blessings' and mutations. The entire world is almost a Forge World in purpose, rotten flesh endlessly blooming over in their factories to be harvested and shaped into weaponry and vehicles.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Swarmworld Sigma:</u> Most of Sigma is actually untouched by Chaos, comparatively to everything else. A single massive city, a Swarm hive looped endlessly on itself again and again mindlessly, sits in the center of one of this planet's three continents. It is clearly a producer of troops and arms, though with the disturbing particular flavor of Slaanesh. Sonic-based weaponry fills their walls and spires within the hive. Warp energies curl between the spires with audible vox transmissions reaching across the entire system of screams from both Slaughra and human throats. They are completely and utterly concentrated in this bastion they have crafted unlike Kappa, Nu, and perhaps Theta. Thus, to fully dislodge them would require taking and burning down that entire place. <i>If</i> the fleet above that world could be removed, and its own anti-orbital defenses broken apart, then you could unleash great and terrible fury from the skies. Not total Exterminatus, but enough to break that entire hive down entirely, you know your ships possess enough capacity for <i>that</i>.<br/>
<br/>
<u>Daemonworld - Name Incomprehensible To Human Ears:</u> Aspects of all of its four attendant worlds are present here, from crystalline spires, smaller arena-cities, bio-farm factories, and twisting architectures which no longer conform to physical laws in the name of the aesthetics of the alien mind and madmen alike. Temples exist on all of the worlds, but here they are largest, with palpable amounts of power radiating from them that Justinius can feel like a looming itch at the back of his mind. It is a daemonworld, and thus almost sure death for any who walk across its surface no matter who they are. Almost. For most. Here, daemons spawn in numbers untold, in great roiling masses, in shapes that have been recorded in the Librarius amongst newer daemonforms, shaped by the flesh and belief of the xenos that they have corrupted. Great orbital cannons exist here, arching towards the sky in almost supplicatory shapes. Shields of bio-mechanical origin exist to put great chunks of the world in relative safety from orbital fire, with other zones being created by sorcerous clouds and barriers which burn at the eye to look at. The amount of fire it would take to break them down from the outside would be incredible, and would require continuous fire without reprisal for some time. In this, Graves and Tenenbaum spoke correctly, there is no way to conventionally assault this world. It would and will take extremely careful insertions of assault forces onto its surface to try and bring down the towers, barrier arrays, and shield generators down within
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote>
<blockquote class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--expandable bbCodeBlock--quote js-expandWatch" data-attributes="" data-quote="Confirmed Naval Presences In System said:" data-source="">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-title">

			
				Confirmed Naval Presences In System said: said:
			
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandContent js-expandContent">
<b>Imperial Navy Present In System</b><br/>
1 Emperor-class Battleship (Flagship of Admiral Graves)<br/>
2 Retribution-class Battleships<br/>
1 Apocalypse-class Battleship<br/>
3 Avenger-class Grand Cruisers<br/>
5 Mars-class Battlecruisers<br/>
25 Lunar-class Cruisers<br/>
33 Escort Squadrons (x21 Firestorm, x6 Sword, x6 Cobra)<br/>
50 Imperial Transports, Dedicated To Order Of Lost Rosetta Transportation<br/>
<br/>
<b>Blood Raven Void Assets</b><br/>
1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span>, 4<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span>, 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Fleets<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Kappa</b><br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
5 Daemonships (Cruiser-tonnage/Nurglite-leaning)<br/>
2 Daemonships (Cruiser-tonnage/Tzeentchian-leaning)<br/>
5 Swarmship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Theta</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Battleship-tonnage/Tzeentchian-leaning)<br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
7 Swarmship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Nu</b><br/>
1 Nurglite Rotwomb<br/>
4 Daemonships (Battlecruiser-tonnage/Nurglite-leaning)<br/>
8 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
10 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Nurglite-leaning)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Swarmworld Sigma</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Battleship-tonnage/Slaaneshi-leaning)<br/>
2 Swarmships (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
14 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
7 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Slaaneshi-leaning)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Daemonworld/Capital</b><br/>
1 Daemonship (Batteship-tonnage/Undivided-leaning)<br/>
2 Swarmships (Battlecruiser-tonnage)<br/>
12 Swarmships (Cruiser-tonnage)<br/>
15 Daemonship Squadrons (Escort-tonnages/Undivided-leaning)
		</div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-expandLink js-expandLink"><a role="button" tabindex="0">Click to expand...</a></div>
<div class="bbCodeBlock-shrinkLink"><a>Click to shrink...</a></div>
</div>
</blockquote><div style="text-align: center"><b>Set Heading For Stage One Of Engagement [Recommendation: One Location Only, To Concentrate Chapter Strength. However, Not Required.]:</b><br/>
<i>Note - Out of respect/inability to do otherwise, the Navy and Sororitas will head to the other three worlds after the Blood Ravens have selected their own targets.</i><br/>​</div><div style="text-align: left"><b>[] Kappa: </b>This world is heavily beset by the grip of Khorne, and compared to the other worlds visibly possesses the largest land-based troops out of all of them save perhaps the capital world itself.<br/>
<b>[] Theta: </b>None will be better suited to remove the Swarm's grip from this world than the Blood Ravens, where your Librarius can bring its might against the dark sorceries present there. The veil will be pierced, and what lays beneath set to ruin.<br/>
<b>[] Nu:</b> Here is where the Swarm is producing new ships, with their horrifying powers. It must be removed, lest further ships be birthed into being for battle during the rest of this fight.<br/>
<b>[] Sigma: </b>One extremely powerful bastion. It must be brought low.<br/>
<b>[] Capital World:</b> It would be risky and dangerous to the utter extreme, potentially meaning that all of the enemy fleets could surround the Chapter Fleets and obliterate them utterly the moment they become aware of the assault. But, if landings could be successfully made, and the enemy defenses brought low, and the troops sent down retrieved, Exterminatus could be unleashed, surely breaking the Swarm's leadership immediately. Graves refuses to risk his ships in this unless the other ships throughout the system are damaged enough, and the worlds they protect at least somewhat harried. The Blood Ravens would be utterly alone.<br/>​</div></div>
  </body>
</html>