<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Two)</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 28: A Breath Choked By Ash (Part Two)</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Plan Favor Grinding</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">-<s>[] Assign Veterans To 1st Company If Desired<br/>
--[] Return 10 1st company Sergeants assigned to 2nd Company to 1st Co., Promote 10 2nd Company Vets in their place, Send all remaining 2nd Co. vets to 1st Co.<br/>
--[] Send all non-Sergeant 4th and 5th Co. Vets to 1st Co.<br/>
-[] Train 1st Company Battle Brothers In Terminator Armor Usage<br/>
--[] Train all 1st Co. members not currently in possession of Terminator Honors (including new additions)<br/>
-[] Assign Tomb-Brother Nathan of the 5th to 1st and Tomb-Brother Mestor of the 5th to the 4th.</s><br/>
-[] Look for potential members of the Honor Guard from the Chapter Veterans.<br/>
<s><s>-[] Reassign Kaius Jacobus from the 5th to the 10th as scout sergeant, return 1 of the scout sergeants to the 1st, nominate Veteran Sergeant Trogus as the new Champion of the 5th.<br/>
-[] Assign Chaplain Bellero as the new Chaplain of the 5th<br/>
-[] Give unused Raven's Aegis to the Codicier Aeneas<br/>
-[] Assign Unassigned Battle Brothers [135] To Companies<br/>
--[] Assign 70 to 5th Co.,<br/>
--[] Assign 45 to 2nd Co.<br/>
--[] Assign 20 to 4th Co.<br/>
-[] <b>Significant Mechanicus Offer – The Shadowed Grave:<br/>
--[] Send 4th Co. and Fleet + Detachments from Librarium/Reclusiam/Apothecarium/Armory</b></s><br/>
<b><s>---[] Deploy Gabriel, Apollo, Justinius and Martellus</s></b></s><br/>
<b>-[] <b>Ending The Kra<br/>
--[] 2nd Co. and Fleet <b>+ Detachments from Librarium/Reclusiam/Apothecarium/Armory<br/>
---[] Deploy Hannibal and Nero</b><br/>
-[] <b>Hive Fleet Kraken Splinter Clean-Up<br/>
--[] 5th Co. and Fleet, 1st Co. Squad <b>+ Detachments from Librarium/Reclusiam/Apothecarium/Armory</b></b></b></b><br/>
<s><b><b><b><s>-[] <b>Terminator Exchange</b></s><br/>
<b><s>--[] 2 Squads of 1st Co.</s></b></b></b></b></s><br/>
<b><b><b><b>-[] <b>Calling For Allies<br/>
--[] Approach Governor Derosa for aid in contacting/ couching requests to the more hostile parties listed below.<br/>
--[] Approach Sector Command<br/>
--[] Approach Scarlet Lions<br/>
<b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b>--[] Approach Order of the Lost Rosetta<br/>
--[] Approach Inquisitor Andrastia<br/>
--[] Approach Forge World Aerus<br/>
--[] Approach Forge World Zerann<br/>
--[] Approach <b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b>Rogue Trader </b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b>Tarquindil<br/>
--[] Approach Knightly Houses of Trontiux II</b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b><br/>
-[] Favor usage<br/>
--[] Use 1 Major Mechanicus Favors to request aid from them<br/>
<s><s>--[] Use 1 Minor Favor to gain 8 Thunderhawks (4 gunship, 4 transport) from Governor Derosa</s></s><br/>
<b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b><b>-[] Something Else (Write-In)</b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b></b><br/>
--[] Aid Meridian, Blood the 10th Co.: Captain Cyrus is correct in his declaration that ill-equipped Scouts are naught more than moving targets. However even the newest implanted Scout possesses resilience, training, reaction times and zeal far in excess of the usual cult dross. The like of which is steadily infesting the underbelly of Meridian. While we can't immediately equip them to the standards normally demanded of the 10th Co. we can still provide them with weapons and armor aplenty that Imperial Guardsmen would be envious of. Send in the 10th Co. to quell the cult uprisings on Meridian. Buy Governor Derosa the time and breathing room she needs to see to the Hive Worlds defenses while continuing the training of these newest of Blood Ravens in a relatively safe manner. (<a class="username" data-user-id="328" data-username="@torroar" data-xf-init="member-tooltip" href="https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/members/328/">@torroar</a> Is this an appropriate write-in?)<br/>
---[] 10th Co.<br/>
-[] Select Main Characteristic (1d100+Trainer)<br/>
--[] Master of Sanctity Hannibal<br/>
--[] Train Gabriel's BS with Cyrus<br/>
-[] Write-In: Prepare for Plagues: Ulkair is awakening. A Great Unclean One. His stirrings, lackeys and, Emperor Forbid, awakening, will lead to plagues sweeping throughout the populace of the local Sub-sector. Study the records of years past on the afflictions common to this particular sore from the Warp and prepare medical provisions and triage techniques for it. Spread the findings them to all medical and military organizations likely to be involved in the coming cleansing so as to reduce the impact of this creatures insidious presence. x2<br/>
<s><u><s>-[] The Raven's Talons [100 BP 1x Shard]</s></u><br/>
<s>--[] Daemonhammer<br/>
-[] Build Order: (675 BP Available)<br/>
--[] 47 Suits of Scout Combat Armor (376 BP)<br/>
-[] Bionic Replacements For Those Wounded In The Hunt For Vandis (Costs 125 BP For 20 5<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Company Marines To Be Returned To Full Combat Capability)<br/>
-[] Full Repair For Gabriel Angelos' Extensive Bionics (Costs 35 BP)</s><br/>
-[] Extensive Bionics For Returning Apollo Diomedes To Duty (Costs 35 BP)<br/>
<s>-[] One Raven's Talon (NOTED ABOVE) (100 BP)</s></s><br/>
-[] Enact Blood Trails Upon The Following Of Your Recruiting Worlds<br/>
--[] Meridian</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><br/>
<i>GM Note: Non-crossed out portions of the voted plan will be taken care of later in the turn. </i><br/>
<div style="text-align: center"><br/>
<br/>
<b>A Breath Choked By Ash<br/>
+075.M42+ To +080.M42+<br/>
Be Faithful! Be Strong! Be Vigilant! - The Emperor of Mankind</b><br/>
<br/>​</div>The newly strengthened 4th Company met with the ships of Zerann and Aerus just outside of the capital's solar system. Though the <i>Legacy of Polonius</i> was too grievously damaged to serve until fully repaired, the 4th Company yet possessed a battle barge and other strike cruiser along with their escort ships. At the same time, with a potential Titan on the line, and their most hated foes in the Dark Mechanicus, the Basilikon Astra had come out in force. Not too much, of course, as Forge World Aerus was also splitting their strength towards pursuing a potential secret in the Halo Stars, but they still contributed some forces. It was Forge World Zerann which had contributed the bulk of the troops and ships present, in fact involving themselves to the point of summoning forth two of their Ark Mechanicus' vessels with an assortment of cruisers and escort ships.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master Angelos, it seems the winds of the Motive Force has brought us together once more to face our enemies," Archmagos Derillion's grinding androgynous voice is as flat as the last time they had spoken.<br/>
<br/>
"Archmagos Veneratus," Gabriel inclined his head as the holo-image of Derillion wavered and shuddered before him. "The Blood Ravens are glad to join with the forces of Zerann and Aerus once more."<br/>
<br/>
The bridge of the<i> Scientia Est Potentia </i>was, despite the influx of battle brothers to the 4th Company, largely unchanged from its usual operations. Gabriel stood before the actuality sphere, examining the combined fleet as they gathered together in the void. Behind him, standing next to the command throne where Captain Hadrian Priscus sat, was the Chief Librarian, eyes closed and staff clasped in his hands. Psychic light quietly burned behind his eyelids as he inaudibly murmured. The Archmagos Veneratus had not changed overly much, at most he seemed to have added a few more pounds of metal onto his frame.<br/>
<br/>
"And we appreciate your coming. You have reviewed the data files on our destination, yes?"<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel pressed a few runes on the actuality sphere, replacing the immediate area around the battle barge with old auspex scans taken of a nebula known by a simple numerical designation. Though he did raise an eyebrow as he noted a new entry into the logs, aided both by the most far ranging Mechanicus probes as well as the information collected from the Dark Eldar. Where once it had been an easily missed piece of boring stellar phenomena, that was no longer the case.<br/>
<br/>
"It has been renamed into the <i>Cerulean Vault?</i>" Gabriel asked, squinting slightly.<br/>
<br/>
What might have been a sigh from Derillion, though it came out more as a somehow flatulent burst of shrieking metal.<br/>
<br/>
"Unfortunately poetic, yes," the Archmagos Veneratus shook their head. "The nebula is characterized by largely blue-tinged stellar gasses, and one of the younger tech-priests who were helping collate the data deigned to name it as such. Despite our best efforts, it has stuck."<br/>
<br/>
"I see," Gabriel's lips quirked. "And what do we know, truly, about...the <i>Cerulean Vault?"</i><br/>
<br/>
The five eyes of the Archmagos whirred and clicked.<br/>
<br/>
"The information we possess is largely extracted from the foul xenos cogitators, which identifies it as an ancient graveyard from some battles in the past, though the contempt of the alien towards all else colors much."<br/>
<br/>
"I see."<br/>
<br/>
"More pertinent than anything else, however, is the presence of the Dark Mechanicus. The heretics cannot be allowed to scavenge from this place, even if it means that we gain nothing of it at all."<br/>
<br/>
"Victory is its own reward," Gabriel recited calmly. "What issues may the nebula cause for our own ships, then?"<br/>
<br/>
"Sensors are highly reduced in range, and cannot easily penetrate beyond a negligible distance beyond the outer shell of the nebula, which gives credence as to its usage in the past as a point of gathering to surprise and ambush other foes. We must be exceedingly cautious once entering the nebula."<br/>
<br/>
"Of course, Archmagos. The Blood Ravens stand ready to depart when you are ready."<br/>
<br/>
Within the hour, the combined fleet gathered close, and as one dipped into the warp. Thankfully, the nebula's presence was further in the territory nominally claimed by the Imperium, rather than the past few major operations the Chapter had undertaken. The light of the Astronomicon burned bright and strong, at least enough to reach the nebula proper without much issue aside from some minor drift here and there. Waiting before them, silently, was the <i>Cerulean Vault. </i>It was a massive thing, easily capable of swallowing multiple battlefleets without issue. It would, in fact, be likely near impossible to chart its innards accurately with anything approaching swiftness.<br/>
<br/>
"Hmm," Gabriel murmured as he glanced over some recorded data from the last few auspex probes that the Mechanicus had previously launched.<br/>
<br/>
They broadcast reasonably well as they plunged into the gaseous mass, but the data that they returned after doing so was massively dwarfed in range and clarity. Even then, on occasion, some of the probes ceased broadcasting far before they should have. Quickly, and without warning. There was something about the nebula that disquieted the serfs, he could see it as he stood on the bridge. They avoided looking at it through the viewports whenever possible. He glanced back at Justinius, who had by now stood up from the command throne and now gazed at the nebula with his eyes burning with power.<br/>
<br/>
"What do you see, my friend?" Gabriel half-turned.<br/>
<br/>
"There is sorrow in this place," Justinius said softly, gripping his staff tightly in one hand, the other reaching up to grasp at nothing. "And anger."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel frowned.<br/>
<br/>
"Can you see anything more?"<br/>
<br/>
"No," Justinius gave a minute shake of his head. "Not without spending more time, time we do not have, studying it."<br/>
<br/>
"Do you suspect it is...tainted?"<br/>
<br/>
Justinius blinked, his eyes returning to their normal hue as he looked at the Chapter Master.<br/>
<br/>
"It was the haunt of the Dark Eldar for some time, and now the Dark Mechanicus seek it," he sighed. "That may well be enough."<br/>
<br/>
Before either could say more, the vox bank began to blink as an incoming communication request came through. Justinius lifted his chin and Gabriel turned away, pressing the acceptance rune on the holo-table of the actuality sphere.<br/>
<br/>
"Chapter Master, we are prepared to enter the nebula. Are the Blood Ravens?"<br/>
<br/>
"We are," Gabriel leaned forward with his hands against the holo-table. "Let us begin."<br/>
<br/>
With the two Ark Mechanicus of Zerann leading the way, the combined fleet plunged into the opaque blue which contrasted so sharply with the black of the void.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Entering The Cerulean Vault: 62<br/>
????: 59</b><br/>
<br/>
"It is said that some nebulae possess certain properties which strip the void shields from some ships. Thankfully this is not one of them," Captain Hadrian declared from the command throne. "Still, I do not care for the way it blinds and deafens us."<br/>
<br/>
Gabriel agreed, but did not bother responding to the ongoing quiet litany of irritation that the brother-captain had been muttering for days. Instead, he studied the logs and information that the Mechanicus had been able to glean. Deep within the <i>Cerulean Vault</i>, there lay a rogue planet, one that had come to a vague sort of rest in its depths. Its gravitational field was not so strong as to cause the ship graveyard they were seeking to collapse onto its pitted surface, yet remained enough strength keep them from floating elsewhere. Thankfully, the Mechanicus had largely stripped the logs of the massive quantity of data on various tortures and atrocities that the Dark Eldar had committed while within the nebula.<br/>
<br/>
"Archmagos, how close are we to reaching the graveyard proper?" Gabriel asked across the vox.<br/>
<br/>
Though it hissed and crackled, whatever properties of the nebula fouled auspex scans and sensors so well seemed to be less oppressive upon vox communications. Already that had proven valuable to prevent multiple near-crashes as the ships travelled along.<br/>
<br/>
"According to the coordinates we retrieved, soon enough," the Archmagos' voice came through quickly, though being out of breath was impossible for them. "We shall see for ourselves what bounty might be found, or might need to be burned to prevent the touch of heresy staining it."<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reaching The Graveyard: 49<br/>
????: 42<br/>
The Nightmares Of The Dead: 66</b><br/>
<br/>
In the end, the first blow was dealt not at the hand of the Blood Ravens, nor the Mechanicus, not even their twisted heretical counterparts. A strange, mournful screech came across the vox. It was a terribly garbled thing, what might have been binary, what almost sounded like High and Low Gothic mixing together. It came across every channel, and then the dark blue of the nebula lit up all around them like lightning through storm clouds. Gabriel watched, eyes wide, as now dozens of hulks were revealed all around their fleet, some dangerously close, further detail impossible to make beyond vague shape. The light, such as it was, came from dark spheres almost impossible to see redlining thrusters to fling themselves forward.<br/>
<br/>
"Registering target lock!" Hadrian shouted, arms clenching hard on the armrests of the command throne. "Multiple incoming projectiles, I can't tell the type!"<br/>
<br/>
"All ships," the Archmagos called out on the Imperial channel, "Evasive maneuvers, but do not stray too far beyond vox range with the rest of the fleet!"<br/>
<br/>
The <i>Scientia Est Potentia </i>shuddered as impacts fell across its flank despite Hadrian's best efforts.<br/>
<br/>
"These are directed mines," Hadrian announced, both outraged and puzzled at the same time, "How are they still functioning after all this time!?"<br/>
<br/>
"Locate the source! Did we just fly into a minefield!?" Gabriel shouted, glaring at the somewhat unhelpful actuality sphere.<br/>
<br/>
"No," Justinius boomed, thumping his staff against the floor of the strategium. "But we have entered the territory of two minds driven mad."<br/>
<br/>
"I - yes, I can see them," Hadrian said as the battle barge descended.<br/>
<br/>
Up ahead, near invisible amongst the choking blue, further flashes of light could be seen. On the actuality sphere, however, a series of notifications and targeting locks flared to life before Gabriel's eyes.<br/>
<br/>
"These...these are the mines of a <i>Tartarus</i>-class Minelayer," came the garbled voice of the Archmagos. "But-,"<br/>
<br/>
"There are two of them!" Hadrian shouted over him, and Gabriel saw it was true.<br/>
<br/>
Yet more than that, Gabriel saw as a handful more mines detached from now empty cavernous holds on the ships on the scans and flung themselves towards the Imperial ships. But a handful of kilometers away, another of the so-called <i>Tartarus-</i>class Minelayers was releasing its own mines. Those mines, however, flew towards ships that were not bearing the aquila of the Imperium nor the true cog of the Mechanicus of Mars. These, illuminated ever so briefly amongst the blue nebula, were ships of blackened bronze and rusted blood red, the cog symbols engraved upon their hulls twisted things. The skull-half of the cog had been replaced with a shrieking daemon's face, the eight pointed star replacing the outer teeth of the cog's gears.<br/>
<br/>
"Dark Mechanicus presence confirmed!" He heard one serf cry out, a similar call coming from one of the tech-priests from one of the Zerann Ark Mechanicus.<br/>
<br/>
Despite visuals and auspex both being considerably crippled by the nebula, it was impossible to miss the auspex probes being sent out by the Dark Mechanicus ships as well en masse. Sensor pings and vox channel bounces confirmed it as well as anything else. Both outside forces had arrived at the same time, and yet the ghosts of the <i>Cerulean Vault</i> seemed unable to yet lay silent.<br/>
<br/>
"Hadrian!" Gabriel called out to the Captain of the 4th Company.<br/>
<br/>
"I know!"<br/>
<br/>
<b>Imperial Fleet: 97<br/>
Dark Mechanicus Fleet: 88<br/>
Nightmares of the Dead: 62</b><br/>
This time, when the battle barge shuddered, it was because it was firing every single weapon it had that could be angled properly. Not at the Dark Mechanicus ships, not yet, but at the minelayer. Even the bombardment cannon thundered out. There was another loud squealing cacophony from the vox as the <i>Tartarus</i>-class, revenant as it might have been, was torn apart by the guns of the Imperium and Mechanicus working in tandem. Opposite them, through the murky blue of the nebula and the silent hulks of a great many other ships, the Dark Mechanicus expressed their respect for the long-dead and still moving machine spirits of the past in their customary manner - with a heavy barrage of lance arrays and plasma batteries. The shriek that emerged this time was somehow less guttural, a barely functioning set of plasma generators igniting for the last time and briefly lighting up the nebula and revealing even more silently floating hulks.<br/>
<br/>
"Minelayer confirmed destroyed, Dark Mechanicus ships are advancing towards us!"<br/>
<br/>
"There is a series of rapid-fire communications being exchanged by the Mechanicus ships and that of the enemy, but it is purely in binary!"<br/>
<br/>
The command vox channel for the Chapter crackled to life.<br/>
<br/>
"They are exchanging hateful greetings and oaths of destruction in the name of the True Omnissiah," the Master of the Forge revealed. "Just as we would, in the name of the Emperor, when faced with heretics."<br/>
<br/>
"They appear to not think that we Blood Ravens are deserving of their hatred, or perhaps think themselves immune to our own!" Hadrian snarled.<br/>
<br/>
"Then disabuse them, Captain!" Gabriel called back to him.<br/>
<br/>
"Gladly. MAY NONE FIND US WANTING!" Hadrian howls at the top of his lungs as the first bursts lance and macro cannon begin to skitter across the void shields of various ships.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Cerulean Vault Located, Dark Mechanicus Fleet Unable To Begin Scavenging Operations Due To Timely Arrival. Imperial Fleet Unable To Set Up Before Enemy Arrival. Immediate Mutual Combat Begins. Graveyard Hulks Make Rapid Maneuvering Exceedingly Dangerous/Difficult. Solid-Ammo Weaponry Such As Macrocannons Will Be Stymied By Physical Barriers. </b><br/>
<br/>
<u>Choose Blood Raven Fleet Tactics For Battle (Choose 1):</u><br/>
<i>2 Hour Moratorium</i><br/>
<br/>
[] Close Boarding - Charge for the Dark Mechanicus ships and attempt to board and destroy them as is the most suggested action by the Codex, exchanging close range fire all the while.<br/>
[] Ranged Firing - Remain at medium to long range, attempting to use the weapons of the Blood Raven fleet to cause as much damage as possible while preserving the ships.<br/>
[] Close Guarding - Remain as close as possible to the Mechanicus ships to protect them from enemy boarding assaults and close range strikes, allowing the Mechanicus fleet to unleash their full arsenal with less restraint.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Imperial Forces Present</b><br/>
4th Company Fleet (Battle Barge - <i>Scientia Est Potentia </i>/ Strike Cruiser<i> - Burning Seeker </i>/ 6 Escorts (x2 Gladius Frigates, x2 Hunter Destroyers, x2 Nova Frigates))<br/>
<br/>
Zerann Battlefleet (2 Ark Mechanicus / 7 Mechanicus Lunar-class Cruisers / 10 Escorts (x10 Firestorm Frigates)<br/>
<br/>
Aerus Battlefleet (3 Mechanicus Lunar-class Cruisers / 3 Mechanicus Dictator-class Cruisers / 5 Escorts (x5 Cobra Destroyers)<br/>
<br/>
<b>Dark Mechanicus Forces Present</b><br/>
<i>Total Number Unknown, Dark Mechanicus Modifications And Nebula Scan Baffling Make Sure Classifications Difficult</i><br/>
<br/>
1 Cardinal-Class Heavy Cruiser<br/>
2 Unknown-Class Heavy Cruisers<br/>
5 Unclassified Cruisers<br/>
8 Unclassified Escorts<br/>
<br/>
<b>Maddened Machine Spirits</b><br/>
??????</div>
  </body>
</html>