<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Turn 18 (Part Two): Writ In Blood</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Turn 18 (Part Two): Writ In Blood</h2>
<div class="bbWrapper"><div style="text-align: left"><div class="bbCodeSpoiler">
<button class="bbCodeSpoiler-button button--longText button" data-xf-click="toggle" data-xf-init="tooltip" title="Click to reveal or hide spoiler" type="button"><span class="button-text">
<span>Spoiler: <span class="bbCodeSpoiler-button-title">Escort For Meeting</span></span>
</span></button>
<div class="bbCodeSpoiler-content">
<div class="bbCodeBlock bbCodeBlock--spoiler">
<div class="bbCodeBlock-content">Gabriel Angelos, Apollo Diomedes, Justinus Probalis, 1x Techmarine, Honour Guard, 5th Company and 5th fleet.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><div style="text-align: center"><b>Writ In Blood<br/>
+025.M42+ To +030.M42+<br/>
+<i>If You Will Not Fight, Then You Will Not Live</i>+</b><br/>​</div>“That…is the most garish ship I’ve ever seen,” you hear Justinius murmur as he stares at the pict-screen displaying the vessel in question.<br/>
<br/>
You happen to agree.<br/>
<br/>
Claudius Alexandre Jullien Tarquindil’s flagship, sitting at the center of a fleet which out-masses the whole of every space asset available to the Blood Ravens entirely, is one of the grandest and most open displays of wealth you’ve ever seen. It is also clearly one of the most powerful vessels in the fleet. Careful probing scans reveal that the hulking ship is in fact of the mysteriously rare <i>Victory</i>-class Battleships, and how a Rogue Trader managed to access a full battleship rather than the heavily modified cruisers they are more known for is something to carefully contemplate indeed. The lance-heavy craft floats in the void, visible to all for quite a distance around. Then again, that is not hard when one has plated the entire ship’s outer hull in at least a solid meter of gold. Vast statues of the Emperor, Imperial Saints, and the Primarchs are placed all across the outer hull, sternly facing the stars themselves, while trawling swarms of attack craft float about the ship as attendants.<br/>
<br/>
“Yet he is here, and we can speak with him.”<br/>
<br/>
“A fleet like that? He could definitely prove a boon to hunting for Vandis. <i>If</i>…we are able to convince him to aid us,” Justinius nods, rubbing at his chin slightly before his eyes widen. “Hmm.”<br/>
<br/>
“Justinius?”<br/>
<br/>
“He has sanctioned psykers on that ship. I can feel them,” he hums.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master, we are receiving a communication from the Rogue Trader’s flagship!” a serf cries out.<br/>
<br/>
“And?”<br/>
<br/>
The serf pokes a bit more at the runes on his console before nodding.<br/>
<br/>
“They have given us access codes and directions to one of the bays on their flagship, the <i>Spear of Radiance</i>, Chapter Master.”<br/>
<br/>
A look is exchanged between you and Apollo, and he nods.<br/>
<br/>
“Prepare the thunderhawks then.”<br/>
<br/>
<div style="text-align: center">==============================<br/>​</div>When you finally do depart the transport, the Honor Guard around you, Apollo on one side and Justinius on the other, you are forced to a halt again as a full orchestral band begins to play some song or another within the loading bay. The various strike craft that would normally fill it are outside the ship, expending fuel in somewhat pointless displays of agility to no-one as a defensive measure against no one, leaving the cargo-bay to be instead filled with the welcoming committee. And what a committee it is.<br/>
<br/>
Twin formations, each one possessing hundreds of soldiers, stand at parade rest on both sides of you leaving a single channel forward. While their armor may somewhat appear to be similar aesthetically to the Imperial Guard the coloration is a gaudy gold and purple, with likely more unknown modifications performed unto them. Their weapons are cataloged immediately in your mind as a split-second threat assessment takes place in your thoughts, and you are surprised to find them…respectable. A heavy allotment of plasma weaponry marks them, though the lasgun remains the most common amongst them all. There are even a few heavier weapon teams though such devices are not yet set up fully for usage, though if they were this would likely be an ambush rather than a mere meeting. Though they might turn out being one in the same, for all you know. Especially for a Rogue Trader described as mercurial by Derosa.<br/>
<br/>
On the far side of the divide between the two formations lies what has to be the Rogue Trader himself.<br/>
<br/>
Claudius Alexandre Jullien Tarquindil’s smile can be seen from the exit ramp of the thunderhawk, yet for all of that he is remarkably…small. In truth, he is dwarfed by his retinue, amongst which you can indeed see two psykers standing directly behind him, their staffs even now faintly crackling with energy. They could be clones of each other, or twins, yet they remain silent as you approach, their eyes locked onto Justinius and for the faintest of moments you can feel the ozone taste in the air as one psychic presence sidles against another. But they are not the only ones that make up the Rogue Trader’s companions. One, a techpriest with a frankly overbearing amount of mechadendrites sprouting from all over their body, rocks back and forth slightly. Another, what appears to be an Imperial Priest who alternates from looking at you to glaring at the psykers, his collar a horribly hooked thing, small metal barbs digging into his own neck at all moments. Standing directly at the man’s shoulder, however, as an equal like none of the others, is a woman dressed in night-black power armor, and not of the like that the sisters of battle wear. Indeed it is clearly a custom creation, and unlike Claudius she bears a flat frown, her bald head covered in tattoos common to those of the higher ranks of the Ecclesiarchy.<br/>
<br/>
As for the Rogue Trader himself, he wears a burnished set of power armor, itself also colored the same golden and purple that everyone else is. A curling golden serpent on the purple appears to be his heraldry, given how it is emblazoned on the pauldrons and across his chest plate. An inferno pistol flickers at his hip on one side, while a plasma pistol hangs on the other. Along his shoulders is the hide of some xeno furred creature or another which bears a superficial similarity to the animals of Fenris, only it possesses three eyes in a vague triangle shape. And yes, as the Blood Ravens approach him, his smile only grows wider, and he opens his hands wide, spayed out to the point of almost knocking into his twin psykers who have to lean backwards slightly.<br/>
<br/>
“THE BLOOD RAVENS!” he booms, the band continuing to play though quieter now, “Welcome, my friends, welcome,” he then bows deeply before shooting up again at somewhat unsafe speeds.<br/>
<br/>
“Claudius Alexandre Jullien Tarquindil,” you nod to him, coming to a stop before him.<br/>
<br/>
His too-wide smile flickers at your use of his full name, which happens to concern you for the fact that Derosa informed you that he preferred its full usage, but returns to normalcy immediately after.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh, pish posh,” he waves his hand wildly, “No need for such formality…besides! You are among friends here, tell me, how is Derosa? She probably told you to use my name like that – I only require that from the <i>gauche</i> people of the Administratum. Is she well? I hear she’s become Planetary Governor now! Huzzah!” he cheers with his hands in the air, spinning about on his heel before coming to a stop while facing you again.<br/>
<br/>
“She is…adapting well to her duties,” you finally say after waiting a moment for him to confirm that he is actually done speaking.<br/>
<br/>
“Hmm,” he narrows his eye at you before shrugging slightly, “I suppose that’s the best I’ll get out of you. Bit humorless, aren’t you? Welcome, again, to the <i>Spear</i>! My ancestors rode this thing all the way from Terra, you know, with the writ handed to them by the Emperor himself! And here you are, the Blood Ravens! So close to Our Sectors, and yet we’ve <i>never</i> met? How stupendous! Personally, I blame that Kyras fellow, what a naughty man I hear he was! I <i>knew</i> there was something up with him, never taking my calls like that,” he sighs breathily and comes to a dramatic stop with the back of his hand upon his forehead, before whirling back to you.<br/>
<br/>
Apollo’s teeth grinding is barely audible from where you stand, even with his helmet on. As ever, the shame of his service to Kyras burns at his very soul, the deception lasting for the vast majority of his career and his failure to see it screaming at his sensibilities every time he is reminded of it.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah.”<br/>
<br/>
“Ah, <i>indeed</i>, Chapter Master Angelos,” he taps the side of his nose at you, before putting his hands on his hips. “But we are not here to discuss that traitor, we are here to discuss what <i>I</i> can do for <i>you</i>…or so that is what I hear, hmm?”<br/>
<br/>
“Oh shut up, Claudius,” the woman next to him finally says, her voice clearly exasperated, as she slams a heavy fist into his shoulder hard enough to send him stumbling slightly. “Get to the <i>point</i>.”<br/>
<br/>
Claudius rights himself, chuckling and brushing off imaginary dust, and gives her the most childish of pouts.<br/>
<br/>
“Oh Christina, my <i>beautiful wife of mine</i>, why must you be so cruel to your love?” he whines.<br/>
<br/>
“I don’t love you,” is the woman’s answer, her gaze not leaving your own.<br/>
<br/>
“Ah, my heart!” he clutches at it, scrabbling against the armor with his fingers, before sighing again. “Oh <i>fine</i>. Come! We have a room ready and waiting for you.”<br/>
<br/>
With that, he twists about, armor squealing on the bay floor panels, and gestures towards a door leading out of the place. The rest of his retinue turn about as well, but you yourself are offered a position next to him as he walks, and an uneasy melding between your own escort and his occurs soon after. Claudius dances ahead – literally so for a moment – and begins pointing out various points of interest about the corridors, as well as talking about each room you pass. While he speaks, however, his voice quickly transforming into a droning nothing, his apparent wife matches your stride.<br/>
<br/>
“I would apologize for my husband’s idiocy,” she says casually.<br/>
<br/>
“So long as his behavior does not stop us from properly negotiating, then I do not care,” is your honest answer.<br/>
<br/>
“It won’t. You won’t be negotiating with him in the first place. It will be me,” she says curtly, only to continue when she turns slightly to see your raised eyebrow. “He is ‘The Great Explorer’ or so he says. He spends more time heading out of the bounds of the Imperium, usually with his escort fleet trying to keep him alive. It is <i>my</i> responsibility to ensure the Dominion runs properly. Which means any major allocation of our resources to <i>any</i> course goes through me.”<br/>
<br/>
Ah, now you see. For a moment, you had in fact worried that trying to deal with Claudius would be an exercise in futility, too flighty for you to make any concerted request. At the same time, you have seen what is only likely a part of his dynasty’s power, and it is likely that they would be able to greatly assist in the search for Vandis at the same time. But now you see it, the way that the retinue follows behind <i>her</i>, not Claudius himself. At the sweep of a few hand signals from her, one of the psyker twins heads off behind Claudius as he loses himself down a different corridor, the imperial priest following behind him, while his wife heads down another with the techpriest and remaining psyker with her. A mere moment later and you realize that there are no other armsmen present at all in this suddenly isolated section.<br/>
<br/>
“We are here,” she presses an activation rune against one large door, enough for you to pass through to reveal a conference room large enough to accommodate even you.<br/>
<br/>
Your eyes immediately note the disappearance of ostentatious decoration, only a few skulls in the pillars of the room. The table is without decoration as well, a single massive slab of black stone, and yet there are chairs present for the woman and her fellows. None have been provided for your own sake, and it is just as well. Very few seating constructions can accommodate the bulk of a fully armored space marine. Or even an unarmored one. As you assemble on one side of the table, and her on the other, another inhabitant of the room makes themselves known, to the sudden crackling of Justinius’s energies around his fingers, and more than one hand flickers to weapons…before you see the heraldry on their black armor.<br/>
<br/>
“Chapter Master,” the Blood Raven greets you, his head bowed slightly, a fist coming up against his chest. “I greet you in the name of the Deathwatch.”<br/>
<br/>
“Epistolary Vaikos?” You stare at the former 1<span style="vertical-align:super">st​</span> Company Librarian, who was not slated to return from the Deathwatch until some decades from now.<br/>
<br/>
“Aye,” he raises his head, eyes visibly glimmering with power, his psychic hood glowing. “I apologize for the deception of my presence here, Chapter Master. I take full responsibility.”<br/>
<br/>
“What is this,” you glare at Christina, hand falling against Godsplitter.<br/>
<br/>
“Calm yourself, Angelos,” she says quietly, “He is here at my request.”<br/>
<br/>
Glances are shared amongst your brothers, and more than one do not give up their weapons as they prepare themselves for what might be an ambush by unknown elements. Justinius seems personally incensed, audible crackling as he glares at his technical subordinate if Vaikos was back within the arms of the Chapter.<br/>
<br/>
“You willingly committed yourself to obscuring my sight,” Justinius growls.<br/>
<br/>
“Again, at my request,” she notes.<br/>
<br/>
Then she places a very well-known icon onto the table’s surface, and your accusations die down somewhat in your throat. On the other hand, it further forces your forces into a defensive posture, Apollo going so far as to fully draw his weapons though he doesn’t point them at anyone in particular.<br/>
<br/>
“Allow me to introduce myself, because Claudius failed to do so,” she bares her teeth for a moment before her lips close again.<br/>
<br/>
The icon glimmers slightly as it is lifted up with a faint measure of telekinetic force so that it stands fully.<br/>
<br/>
“I am Lord Inquisitor Christina Brutus Alba Tarquindil of the Ordo Xenos.”<br/>
<br/>
“Lady Inquisitor,” you began to say before she raises a hand to forestall you.<br/>
<br/>
“I am not part of the Ordo that would be able to aid you normally against Vandis, I know. I’m honestly surprised you didn’t ask for Adrastia’s aid in this. It is not as if it is outside of her purview, far from it, but,” again she raises a hand to stop your rebuttal, “I am not one to criticize it. Regardless of how we got here, here we are,” she gestures at the room vaguely before laying her hand on the table, palm down. “And yes, I know you wanted aid against Vandis. He was a vile little creature when I first met him, and that hasn’t changed. I can easily shift some of the dynasty’s resources to searching for him, however. Far more easily and with more subtly than Claudius could.”<br/>
<br/>
“And in return, you expect some of us,” you grit out.<br/>
<br/>
“Indeed,” she nods before her lips tighten. “Tell me, how aware are you of the current challenges facing the Deathwatch?”<br/>
<br/>
Your eyes cut to Vaikos who remains head bowed, and back to her.<br/>
<br/>
“Evidently less than we thought.”<br/>
<br/>
“Mmm,” she purses her lips. “That is a fair response. But I will dispense with subtlety, in this instance, because I simply have no time for it,” and then she stands, hands slamming down on the table.<br/>
<br/>
“We are being overrun.”<br/>
<br/>
The silence that emanates after that sentence is strong enough to choke the life from some beings.<br/>
<br/>
“What?” is finally the only word that comes out of your mouth.<br/>
<br/>
She shakes her head, staring down at the table before sighing.<br/>
<br/>
“We. Are. Being. Overrun. With the Imperium’s resources so heavily dedicated to <i>already</i> apocalyptic threats, such as the 13<span style="vertical-align:super">th​</span> Black Crusade, Armageddon, the latest Tyranid Hive Fleets, Huron’s Black Crusade, a thousand alien civilizations from without and within the Imperium’s borders have been rising up,” she stabs a finger in the general direction of the void waiting outside the ship. “And I am <i>done</i> cajoling and promising and ‘convincing’. Now I am telling.”<br/>
<br/>
You can hear the rising heartbeats of your brothers, even while your own continue on their methodic mechanical pace, as she speaks without passion, her very voice dead and resigned.<br/>
<br/>
“We need aid, and we need it now. As of last year, Epistolary Vaikos is being remanded to the Deathwatch without return indefinitely. The same is happening across every Watch Fortress still standing. Every marine remaining is going to remain there until we can push back the enemy – and we haven’t even <i>begun</i> to do so,” she grunts, fingers clenching together into fists as she stares you in the eye.<br/>
<br/>
“Why have we heard nothing of this, Inquisitor?”<br/>
<br/>
“Because the greater Imperium is focused elsewhere, Angelos,” she tosses her head to the side, snorting. “On average, a single one of these races could barely hope to defeat a single system, much less a Subsector or full Sector, of the Imperium. But with the Imperium in the state it is in now? We are bleeding out a thousand, thousand miniscule cuts,” she raises a thumb and forefinger, closing them almost completely together.  “We don’t have enough Kill-teams to deal with all of what we face.”<br/>
<br/>
“What of other Chapters, or the Guard, or the Navy?” you grunt back, but even now your mind is awhirl with this new knowledge and what it could mean for the future.<br/>
<br/>
“Don’t insult yourself or me, you are not the only ones we are contacting in this manner,” she sniffs. “But, to the point. I know well enough not to go about wielding my authority as a cudgel, especially with a Chapter such as yours – I don’t have the time to deal with Toth and Adrastia both right now. So, instead, I propose an exchange.”<br/>
<br/>
Then she raises her finger, and points it at Vaikos.<br/>
<br/>
“The Deathwatch is, to put it simply, desperate. We need every single body we can get, and then some. We <i>need</i> space marines. I require them, the Imperium requires them. In return, however, I will throw the resources of the Tarquindil Dynasty to finding Vandis – that is ships which go beyond the Imperium’s borders where he might hide, black market contacts, Chartist Captain scoutings, and more. Would we have an accord in this?”<br/>
<br/>
They must be <i>truly</i> desperate to lay her cards upon the table in such an open manner.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Minimum Request of Lord Inquisitor Christina of the Ordo Xenos In Exchange For Finding Vandis:</b><br/>
- 15 Veteran Space Marines<br/>
OR<br/>
- 30 Space Marines<br/>
OR<br/>
- Apollo Diomedes, 5 Veteran Space Marines<br/>
OR<br/>
- Some combination of the above or more. (Write-In) [1 Veteran Marine counts for 2 Marines in this instance.]<br/>
OR<br/>
- Refuse, likely enraging the Ordo Xenos, the Deathwatch, doom one to many more worlds to loss by the xeno, infuriating a Lord Inquisitor, etc. etc. etc.</div>
  </body>
</html>