<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 1: Praag</title>
    <link href="style/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>The Karag Dum Expedition, Part 1: Praag</h2>
To the delight of every cattle merchant in Praag, the next few days see two hundred knights arrive in town atop large and hungry carnivores. You'll have ample opportunity to get to know their leaders once the steam-wagons arrive, so you reserve your attention for the Wizards travelling with them - Hubert with the Winter Wolves, and Esbern and Seija with the Knights of Taal's Fury. With all the Wizards you're likely to get arrived, and with some internal grumbling that you're one Wind short of the full spectrum, you round them all up to set the stage and lay some ground rules.

"Karag Dum was cut off from the Karaz Ankor one hundred and eighty-five years ago by the forces of Asavar Kul during the Great War Against Chaos," you say to the assembled Wizards. "Our mission is to travel there to determine the current status of the Dwarfhold. From there, the mission could be simply to return to the Karaz Ankor with that information, or it could be evacuation or salvaging. Different parties have different expectations due to varying levels of optimism and cynicism, so treat the topic with caution if you discuss it with the Dwarves."

"Do you think there could be survivors, after all this time?" Cyrston asks.

"Karak Eight Peaks held out for longer than that before falling." Only three years longer, but still. "The Norse Dwarves were isolated in Norsca for seven thousand years before they fell, and Karak Azul survived three thousand. And Karag Dum's sole purpose was to prepare to withstand the forces of Chaos. So I don't think it's implausible." He nods, so you press on. "Speaking of touchy subjects, Dwarves do not like or trust magic, and that usually extends to those that wield it. That Wizards are allowed to join this Expedition at all is because I've spent the last ten years building up goodwill with parts of Dwarven society. Needless to say, I'm protective of that goodwill, so here's some ground rules. Do not cast magic on any Dwarf unless they'll die otherwise, and not even then for the Slayers. Do not use unnecessary magic within the confines of the steam-wagons, and if at all possible, do the necessary ones outside. Stay away from the mechanics of the steam-wagons, and don't ask the Engineers any questions about them. And tread very lightly around the Slayers. Any questions?"

"How do we tell which is which?" asks Michel.

"Rangers have cloaks and crossbows, Slayers have orange hair, if they don't have either they're probably an Engineer. The Rangers are your best bet if you want to make friends, they tend to be open-minded and most of them would speak Reikspiel. I'll also advise you to keep your distance from the Ice Witch and Asarnil, because if you inadvertently offend either it's likely to go badly for you. And don't bring up religion or politics with the Winter Wolves." You double check your mental notes to make sure you've covered everything before pressing on. "Our route will take us through High Pass, across the Zorn Uzkul, through the Great Steppes, and into the outer reaches of the Chaos Wastes. High Pass should be thawed and is being watched by the Dwarves, so it should be uneventful. Zorn Uzkul is absolutely unfriendly territory, but the local hostiles live underground and will only pick a fight if they're sure they'll win, so I like our chances of getting through without incident. The part of the Great Steppes we'll be travelling through is Kurgan territory, with our route mostly going through Dolgan territory. We've struck a deal with them, but I wouldn't bet my life on them sticking to it. As for the Chaos Wastes, no telling what we'll find there, but we're not going too far in and we shouldn't be there too long.

"The magical landscape is going to shift several times between here and there. You've probably already noticed that the Winds are thicker here than they are further south, and that will continue to be the case until we reach the Steppes. There, they blow hard enough that they mostly stay overhead, and ground level is surprisingly low in ambient energy. Tapping into an airborne current will be hard to control but should give a lot of power. And of course, the Chaos Wastes will be thick with Dhar. From my experiences in Sylvania, it will make spells trickier to control and make them go bad worse than they otherwise would. And remember - don't touch the bad magic. There's no circumstance so bad that Dhar can't make it worse. Questions?"

"Aren't the Kurgan Chaos-worshippers?" Egrimm asks.

"Among other things. We're not looking to marry them, just get through their territory. I hope it doesn't need saying how unpleasant it would be to be harassed by a Kurgan tribe through several hundred kilometers of their own steppe." There's a few winces from the crowd. "This Expedition has support from the highest levels of Dwarven society, and with the Marienburg situation, our alliance with the Dwarves is even more important than normal. There's not going to be any significant blowback for us picking our battles out there."

"What enemies might we encounter in Zorn Uzkul?" asks Alexandra.

"It's Chaos Dwarf territory - oh, and that would be another touchy subject with the Dwarves. If we do have to engage them, the bulk of their fighters will be their greenskin slave-soldiers, and firearms, sorcery, and a sort of muscled Centaur are all possibilities as well. There are also subterranean Beastmen active in the area who are at odds with the Chaos Dwarves." You try to gauge who amongst the Wizards might know what is meant by that, and Egrimm's sudden poker-face and Cyrston's grimace leads you to believe they do. You'll read the others in if it becomes necessary.

That seems to be the end of the questions, so you dismiss the Wizards and move on to checking in, one at a time, with what you suppose would be your inner circle - Johann, Max, Esbern, Seija, and Hubert. They've had a fair while to prepare for this Expedition and you kept your distance to let them get on with it, and you're more than a little curious to see how they've done so.

Johann is the most senior of them and your main concern, so you check in with him first to see how he's been adapting to a world seen only through Magesight. You know for certain that he's able to function as he currently is, but that's a different matter to being able to fight. Thankfully, he's just as aware of this and has been working tirelessly to adapt to the new normal. Apparently he's been splitting his time between Gehenna and the Cult of Grungni to hone both his magical and martial skills, and he moves with such confidence that if it weren't for his eyes being entirely tinted a dull gold it would be easy to assume he had recovered his vision. His ability to cast Searing Doom will be extremely useful if you do have to fight your way through the Chaos Dwarves, and against less-armoured opponents his golden fists will undoubtedly prove just as effective as ever.

Despite sharing an Order, Maximillian drastically differs from Johann. His skills are in scholarship and blacksmithing, and if he hadn't discovered an affinity for Silver Arrows of Arha he'd likely be of little use on the battlefield. But he did, and it's made all the difference - by using his crossbow as a prop, he can fire silver bolts with pinpoint aim and a shocking rate of fire. He's spent much of the past year tinkering with that crossbow, transforming it from a mere prop into something that could be considered a very unusual staff, making it even more suited for channelling the spell through. He's also added the spell Armour of Lead to his repertoire, and if you do have to clash with the Kurgan, you're sure that their lightweight leathers suddenly become crushingly heavy mid-gallop would prove quite a handicap.

If there was ever an opportunity for Hubert to become a more typical Celestial Wizard, it's quite likely that it has passed. The time he's spent with the Winter Wolves has cemented him as a warrior, albeit one with lightning in his off-hand and the ability to fly. That he travelled with the Winter Wolves with no mount of his own makes it clear that he has mastered the spell Wings of Heaven, and it's as common to see him flitting around the sky as it is to see his feet upon the ground. It's possible that he'll never reach the rank of Magister, and it's just as possible that he doesn't care. Their loss is the Expedition's gain, as a flying, lightning-throwing swordsman is the sort of thing that would come in handy in any number of situations.

Though Esbern and Seija had little time to prepare for the Expedition, it's also been quite some time since you worked alongside them, and they've evolved quite a bit since their time with the Karak Eight Peaks Expedition. They're de facto Knights of Taal's Fury now, Demigryphs and all. Esbern retains his bow and quite likely his ability to sprout claws and tear enemies apart, while Seija has a new, much-longer spear that can do double duty as a lance. Ghur means that their affinity with their Demigryphs falls just short of a familiar bond and you're sure they'd be devastating on a battlefield. Seija also mentions a crow-summoning spell, and you have to fight the urge to scrutinize her with your Magesight to see if you can spot any signs of a bound Apparition. Hopefully you'll have a chance to see it in action.

---

The people of Praag have proven surprisingly welcoming to their unusual visitors, and part of the reason why might be that local gossip is already quite aware you're intending to go on a heavily-armed voyage into the territory of those that tore their city asunder during the Great War Against Chaos. Said gossip knows about the approach of the steam-wagons before you do as well, because though they're capable of maintaining quite a pace, they can't outrun the courier networks, and by the time the Expedition is on the horizon everyone in Praag seems to know about it. Between the columns of exhaust appearing on the horizon and the steam-wagons themselves becoming visible, the walls filled with curious onlookers as news spread through the town.

Perhaps 'steam-wagon' does a disservice to the behemoths trundling down the road. They were massive when you saw them in Karak Kadrin, but seeing them fill the entire width of a major road really highlights just how large they are.  The four wheels you saw them with back in Karak Kadrin have been replaced with a line of wheels running along the entire length of them, presumably to distribute their weight better, and the dual funnels they had have been replaced with only one. A rumbling roar fills the air as they approach and you take the opportunity to count them. Six, only one more than they had two years ago, but in the center of the column is one wider and taller than the others that you presume to be the newest addition. It lacks the swivel-cannon that the others have but more than makes up for it with the dragon that is perched atop it, watching the terrain crawl past with disdain.

As they near the city and a set of gates that will never accommodate such bulk, they steer off the road and into the dirt field that surrounds the walls, and though the wheels leave deep, wide furrows behind them, they don't sink far enough to become stuck. Their names are painted into the steel - Alriksson, Magnus, Kriestov, Alexis, Volans. The High King, Emperor, Ar-Ulric, Tzar, and Magister Patriarch that won the Great War Against Chaos. The only odd one out is the largest one which is named Urmskaladrak, presumably after the legendary 'Father of Dragons' that was slain by Grimnir. You suspect this was intended to be a warning for their unusual ally, but one that may have missed the mark. From what you've read and heard, Ulthuan Dragons and Wind-aligned Dragons consider themselves entirely different, and the ultimate ancestor of the former is Draugnir, rather than Urmskaladrak. Or it may have just been meant as tribute to Grimnir, but they didn't want to outright call it Grimnir since a dragon would be perched atop it most of the way.

You consider your options as you climb down from the wall to make your way to the gate to greet the Dwarves. Since Karak Kadrin, the leadership of the Expedition has consisted of Borek, Gotrek, and Snorri. That council is about to expand since none of the above are particularly suited to leading non-Dwarven forces, but it's not yet determined how much it will expand. You're the natural choice for leading the Wizards, but it might be best to expand your authority. The Knights had their own representative on the Karak Eight Peaks Expedition's council, but Borek is definitely no Belegar, and it might be better for you to take responsibility for all human forces instead of having someone who you're pretty sure doesn't speak Reikspiel deal with the Knights directly. There's also the question of Asarnil - he represented himself during the Sylvanian campaign, but it might be better if he's one step removed from the Dwarves. Given your reputation amongst the Dwarves, your titles in the Empire, and your relationship with Asarnil, there's likely to be little problem with any of those possibilities, the only question is whether it would be better to limit your focus.

[ ] Lead only the Wizards
[ ] Lead the Wizards and Knightly Orders
[ ] Lead the Wizards and Asarnil
[ ] Lead the Wizards, Knightly Orders, and Asarnil


- There will be a one hour moratorium.
- The Dramatis Personae threadmark has been updated for the Expedition's characters.
  </body>
</html>